London  CNN  -- When I was informed last year by police that my phone had been hacked by News of The World , I was very angry , but not altogether surprised . I was by then all too familiar with the way that tabloid newspapers thought nothing of invading my privacy , if they thought there might be a story in it . I am best known in the UK as a presenter on the BBC TV show , "  Crimewatch , " a crime-fighting factual program , similar in purpose to America 's "  Most Wanted . " I was on "  Crimewatch " between 1990 and 2006 , but before , during and after my TV stint , I was also a detective with the Metropolitan Police . CNN iReport : Share your view on phone-hacking scandal . Up until 2002 my experience of the press was generally positive . On "  Crimewatch , " I witnessed first hand the enormous benefits of working in partnership with the media to solve crime . That 's not to say there were n't times when the different agendas conflicted , but that has to be expected . That was all about to change . My then husband , a detective chief superintendent , appeared on "  Crimewatch " to appeal for information in the unsolved 1987 murder of private detective Daniel Morgan , whose business partner Jonathan Rees was alleged to have supplied News of the World 's parent company News International with illegally obtained information . It was a gruesome case : a man killed with an ax outside a south London pub . Soon after , the Met received intelligence that suspects in the case intended to make life difficult for him . The Met took the threat so seriously we were placed under the umbrella of the witness protection unit . Morgan 's business partner and two other men were eventually charged in the killing , but the murder case against the three collapsed last year and the charges were dropped . In 2002 "  Crimewatch " was sent an email suggesting that I was having an affair . Strangers phoned my husband 's work , attempting to find out our home address and other personal and financial details . Two vans stationed outside our house followed my husband taking the kids to school . By this stage , we feared we were being stalked by the people responsible for the murder . We took our house off the market , and warned our daughter 's headmistress of the risks of strangers hanging around the school . I became very distressed and anxious . The stress that we endured over the subsequent years contributed to the eventual breakdown of my marriage . The two vans were eventually traced back to the News of the World . The Metropolitan Police sought an explanation from the newspaper about the surveillance and the reason given was simply unbelievable . They said that they were investigating suspicions that my husband and I were having an affair with each other ! We had by then been married for four years , together for 11 and had two children . Our marriage was public knowledge -- we 'd even been pictured in Hello Magazine . In 2011 , officers from Operation Weeting , a police investigation into phone hacking , informed me that private information about me , including home address , phone numbers and detailed history had been found in the notebooks of Glenn Mulcaire , the private investigator who was jailed in 2007 for intercepting phone messages of members of the royal family . Read a timeline of the hacking scandal In July 2012 , prosecutors said Mulcaire would face four charges relating to the alleged hacking of the phones of murdered teenager Milly Dowler and three other people . He issued a statement denying the latest charges . The dates on the entries suggested that our phones were being hacked around the same time as the other surveillance was going on . You only have to listen to the stories coming out of the inquiry to know that this kind of harassment was n't restricted to News of the World . It was widespread across the industry . There was a culture that led some of the papers to behave as if the law did not apply to them . And they got away with it because of self regulation . In 2011 I gave evidence to the Leveson inquiry into press ethics about our experiences . What I hope to see coming out of the inquiry is independent regulation , backed up by statute , that has genuine repercussions for anyone who starts to play fast and loose with the system again . I , and other victims of press harassment -- and I would like to stress that most of us are regular members of the public , not celebrities -- do n't want to have to go through this again in a few years ' time . This is an important moment in history , a chance to reassert a clean and accountable press that we can all be proud of again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jacqui Hames . CNN asked News International for comment on the allegations made by Jacqui Hames . It declined to comment .	TV presenter Jacqui Hames says first experience of dealing with press was positive That changed , she says , when her husband appeared on TV to appeal over a murder Hames says strangers rang her husband at work ; email alleged she was having affair Surveillance traced to News of the World , she says . Stress led to her marriage ending
Tampa  CNN  -- A man hurrying to catch the light at a corner in muggy downtown Tampa carries a book with a rainbow of color on its cover . Its title stands out , especially here , where the Republican National Convention has officially accepted a platform that a New York Times editorial called "  more aggressive in its opposition to women 's reproductive rights and to gay rights than any in memory . " The book is "  A Fundamental Freedom : Why Republicans , Conservatives , and Libertarians Should Support Gay Rights . " Ted McCormac is a precinct committee person for the GOP in Bradenton , Florida , and the father of a gay son . He picked up the book at a brunch co-hosted by the Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry and the Log Cabin Republicans -- two of a small number of visible LGBT-supportive Republican groups at this year 's convention . Individual members of the Log Cabin Republicans have attended previous conventions , but this year marks a first for the group : It was invited by the Republican National Convention committee to participate in the convention itself . In addition , there are many high-profile , gay-themed events this year , including the brunch McCormac attended . "  I 've never been to an event of theirs , but people clearly went out of their way to be nice to me , " McCormac said , with a catch in his voice . "  It means so much since I 'm kind of new at this . " In fact , Sarah Longwell , a Log Cabin board member and one of the speakers at the brunch , began her speech by talking about McCormac . She said she teared up when she met McCormac there and he told her how proud he and his wife are of their son , Tony . Tony McCormac is getting married to Jeff Cook , who was also there working on behalf of American Unity , a political action committee that supports Republican candidates who are gay friendly . Cook is so involved in Republican politics that they 've scheduled their ceremony In New York after the November election . "  That 's what this is all about -- events where we can talk to Republicans about why marriage matters for our community , conservative to conservative , " Longwell said . Longwell 's own engagement is so new she still stumbles a little when she describes Karen Bencala as her "  fiancee . " But her message about why conservatives should back same-sex marriage comes through loud and clear . She shared it Wednesday with all the Republicans gathered for the convention in the form of a full-page ad in the Tampa Tribune , paid for by the Log Cabin and Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry . The ad shows several photos of same-sex couples smiling under a quote from Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , a Christian right think tank that is far from gay friendly . In his argument that successfully added anti-same sex marriage language to the party 's platform , Perkins said , "  The institution of marriage is the foundation of civil society . Its success as an institution will determine our success as a nation . " Longwell 's ad goes on to say the LGBT Republican groups agree with Perkins , which is why the government should stop denying marriage licenses to gay couples . "  The freedom to marry is directly in line with the core ideals and principles of the Republican Party -- less government , more individual freedom , personal responsibility and the importance of freedom , " it argues . "  What I want to ask Tony Perkins if I see him here is , ` If you believe marriage is the very foundation of society , why would you deny us this right ? ' " Longwell said . "  I honestly believe it 's cruel to deny us this . If you believe we are real people , that is . " As she finishes speaking , Longwell recognizes a man from the Family Research Council riding an escalator into the carefully secured convention center and wonders whether she could catch up with him . Until this year , Longwell may not have had the credentials to follow him into those secured areas , at least not as a Log Cabin Republican . One of the Log Cabin 's former directors says this is the first year the RNC has credentialed the group and saved rooms for its members in official hotel space . Bob Kabel says the evolution of the roles that openly gay people play at the convention -- and in the party itself -- has been remarkable . Kabel was the chairman of the Log Cabin Republicans from 1993 to 1999 . He went on to be elected the first openly gay person in the nation to chair a state Republican Party , in the District of Columbia . Early on , he says , he felt forced to stand up at a public meeting and shame the Republican National Convention chair into an official meeting with Log Cabin . "  The current RNC leadership has been much better . They 've been great , " Kabel said . "  We feel so much more welcome , and the voices of the Tony Perkinses in the party will be drowned out as more young people come into the party . This is not a negative issue for young people in our party . And we are more visible than ever . " Proof of his statement was visible Tuesday at a GOProud dance party called "  Homocon , " where many young gay and straight convention danced in the shadow of buff go-go dancers wearing the LGBT group 's "  freedom is fabulous " T-shirts . At the door on the way out of the event , attendees received a convention collector 's item -- a keychain with the GOProud logo . Late into the evening , GOProud co-founder Jimmy LaSalvia hushed the dancing crowd for a moment . He described how proud he was that his was the first gay GOP group to endorse this Republican presidential ticket -- even if he personally disagreed with Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan 's stance against same-sex marriage . To him , the gay community is so mainstream within the party that GOProud should n't solely be about gay issues . "  As most of you know , I support civil marriage for gay couples , " LaSalvia said , which drew a smattering of supportive shouts from the crowd . "  And marriage is important . But before you get married , you need a date . And everybody knows you ca n't get a date without a job . "	Republican Party 's platform is against same-sex marriage Log Cabin Republicans invited to take part in convention for first time Some GOP groups that support LGBT community emphasize other issues
CNN  -- A woman who was beheaded near Buffalo , New York -- allegedly by her husband -- may have been on the phone with her sister when she was killed . Muzzammil Hassan has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan . Asma Firfirey of suburban Cape Town , South Africa , told the Afrikaans newspaper Die Burger that she was on the phone with her sister , Aasiya Zubair Hassan , last week when she heard Hassan tell her husband to calm down . She said she heard Hassan say the two could talk about their impending divorce the following day . Then she heard something that sounded like her sister struggling to breathe , she said . "  I can only imagine how scared and emotional she must have been before she died , " Firfirey said in the interview , reported in English by South Africa 's News 24 . Police have charged Hassan 's husband , Muzzammil Hassan , with second-degree , or intentional , murder in the death of his wife , according to the Erie County District Attorney 's Office . Her decapitated body was found at the offices of Bridges TV , the television network where Muzzammil Hassan was chief executive officer and Aasiya Hassan was general manager . Hassan told Orchard Park police his wife was dead , led officers to her body and was arrested Thursday , said Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita III . He is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . Orchard Park Police Chief Andrew Benz on Tuesday contradicted a CNN report that quoted him as saying Hassan confessed to the crime . A Buffalo attorney told CNN on Tuesday that he expects to represent Hassan but declined further comment , saying details had not yet been worked out . Hassan came to America from Pakistan 25 years ago and became a successful banker , but he and his wife were troubled by the negative perception of Muslims , Voice of America reported in 2004 . Speaking in December 2004 , Hassan said his wife , then pregnant , was worried about that perception and "  felt there should be an American Muslim media where her kids could grow up feeling really strong about their identity as an American Muslim . " "  So she came up with the idea and turned to me and said , ` Why do n't you do it ? ' " he said . "  And I was like , I have no clue about television . I 'm a banker . ... And her comment was , ` You have an MBA . Why do n't you write a business plan ? ' " Bridges TV began as a television network for Muslim-Americans , aimed at overcoming the negative stereotypes associated with the religion . "  There should be a Muslim media , " Muzzammil Hassan told VOA , "  so that Muslim children growing up in America grow up with the self-confidence and high self-esteem about their identity both as Americans and as Muslims . " In the past few years , according to a former employee who asked not to be named for fear of retribution , Bridges TV transformed itself into more of a cross-cultural network seeking to bridge the gap between all cultures . Most of their employees were not Muslim , the former employee said , and Muzzammil Hassan himself was not devout . Aasiya Hassan filed for divorce February 6 , police said , and Muzzammil Hassan was served with divorce papers at the station . That night , he showed up at the couple 's home , she notified authorities and he was served with a restraining order . Police are not commenting on details of the crime , except to say the woman 's body did not appear to have been moved . They also would not divulge what Muzzammil Hassan told police or the suspected motive . The law firm representing Aasiya Hassan refused to comment , only confirming that she had filed for divorce . Benz told CNN on Tuesday that police had responded to several domestic violence calls at the couple 's address , but no one was arrested . Firfirey , as well as a Pakistani woman identifying herself as another of Aasiya Hassan 's sisters , characterized her as living in fear . Firfirey said the last time she saw her sister was in May 2008 , when she visited South Africa . When she arrived , she was badly injured , and Firfirey 's family paid the equivalent of about $ 3,000 for her to be treated , she said . Aasiya Hassan returned to America , she said , because she wanted to complete her MBA degree and "  did n't want to leave her children with that monster . " She said she calls Muzzammil Hassan "  the fat man with evil eyes . " Aasiya Hassan would have graduated March 6 , Firfirey said . A woman in Pakistan using the name Salma Zubair posted on a blog that she is the sister of "  this brutally murdered woman . " "  She lived her 8 years of married life with fear in heart , " Zubair wrote . "  He had already frightened her enough that she could n't muster up her guts and leave him , and when she finally did gather that much strength he killed her so brutally . She lived to protect her children from this man and his family and she died doing so . " She said Aasiya Hassan "  had always been a very loving person , not even one person in this world can say a small wrong word about her ... she had always dreamed a life of a happily married family , which she did her best to achieve . " Both women said they were worried about the couple 's children , ages 4 and 6 . Firfirey said they were being cared for by a colleague of the couple . Muzzammil Hassan also has two older children from a previous marriage . Members of Muzzammil Hassan 's family did not return calls from CNN on Monday . The former employee told CNN that Aasiya Hassan was popular at the station and was very kind . Muzzammil Hassan was known among employees for having a temper -- he sometimes would yell at and demean his wife , but at other times appeared to be a loving husband and father , the former employee said . Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff was "  deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan . Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim . " Imam Mohamed Hagmagid Ali , vice president of the Islamic Society of North America , said Aasiya Hassan 's death serves "  as a wake-up call to call of us , that violence against women is real and can not be ignored ... the Muslim community is not exempt from this issue . We , the Muslim community , need to take a strong stand against domestic violence . " CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	New York man charged with second-degree murder after wife found beheaded Police : Woman 's decapitated body found at TV station where she , husband worked Report : Sister says she may have been on phone with victim when she was killed Aasiya Zubair Hassan had filed for divorce from Muzzammil Hassan days earlier
CNN  Two people were killed and another wounded Saturday in a shooting at the food court of a central Florida mall , police said . A woman identified as Ida Garcia , 33 , wife of the alleged gunman , was in good condition at a local hospital , CNN affiliate WESH reported . Jose Garcia Rodriguez , 57 , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound after fatally shooting another man at Melbourne Square mall , said Melbourne police Cmdr. Vincent Pryce , according to the station . That man was not identified . Witnesses described a chaotic scene as gunfire erupted around the food court Saturday morning . Many people were waiting for stores to open . "  We were right there , " Donna Evans told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 . "  We were right in the line of it . God is on my shoulder , whether people believe it or not . " Evans said she was carrying a food order when the shots rang out . "  It was a frightening experience , " she told the station . "  It 's something that you do n't ever want anybody to experience . It was crazy . We had just gotten our food to sit down by Starbucks and Chick-fil-A and all of sudden you hear pop , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop . " "  You just drop everything , " she added . "  Your body makes you run . " Elizabeth Tickle told WESH that she heard about six shots . "  I figured somebody was shooting somebody , she said . "  It 's going on all the time now . " People ran for their lives , mall employee Brittany Brown told the station . "  I look up and a whole bunch of people are running , and they 're saying , ` Run , run , run . People are shooting . People are dying , ' " she said . The motive for the shootings is under investigation , Pryce said . Rodriguez was allegedly armed with three handguns and handfuls of ammunition , Pryce said , WESH reported . The mall was expected to reopen Sunday , Pryce said . "  Officers quickly identified the threat and contained the situation , " police said in a statement . "  Officers conducted a store-to-store search of the Mall for additional suspects , injured , witnesses and conducted an evacuation . No additional threats were located . " The wounded victim was cooperating in the investigation , according to the statement . A caller to 911 reported the shooting at about 9:30 a.m. , police said .	Two people are dead in mall shooting , police say They identify suspected shooter The central Florida mall was closed after reports of a shooting , police say
CNN  Some viewers of the iHeartRadio Music Awards on Sunday night took to social media to vent about the opening monologue , saying one controversial joke by Jamie Foxx crossed the line . Foxx , the actor and musician who won an Oscar for his portrayal of Ray Charles , hosted the second annual awards show in Los Angeles . "  We got some groundbreaking performances , here too , tonight , " Foxx said . "  We got Bruce Jenner , who will be doing some musical performances . He 's doing a his-and-her duet all by himself . " There have been reports that Jenner , an Olympic gold medalist , plans to transition from male to female . However , Jenner has not spoken publicly about any such possibility . Many television viewers took to social media to complain that the joke was offensive to people struggling with issues of gender and sexual identity . The hashtag #iHeartRadioMusicAwards remained a top trend Monday . "  Jamie Foxx just made a terrible , disgusting joke about Bruce Jenner 's rumored transition on this trash awards show , " tweeted @laurennostro . "  Seriously #JamieFoxx ? #BruceJenner jokes ? " wrote @AngelaPquigley . "  You 're disgusting , that 's not ok . It was n't funny , just mean spirited and lazy . " Foxx 's joke was n't the only part of the show that made headlines . Pop princess Taylor Swift continued her recent hot streak by winning artist of the year and song of the year for her hit "  Shake It Off . " Swift also played guitar onstage while Madonna sang her new song , "  Rebel Heart . " And Justin Timberlake received the iHeartRadio Innovator Award for his achievements as an entertainer . The former N'SYNC heartthrob , who has earned critical praise and commercial success as a solo artist and an actor , said he was n't one of the cool kids growing up . "  They called me different . They called me weird , " he said in accepting the award . "  Thankfully my mother taught me that being different was a good thing . That being different meant you could actually make a difference so I wan na thank my mom ... " In his monologue , Foxx also took potshots at the "  Blurred Lines " copyright-infringement battle and the health of a famous 1990s record executive . Those jokes found more acceptance than the Jenner quip . "  Marvin Gaye had the number one song , featuring Pharrell  Williams  and Robin Thicke , " Foxx said , setting up for his punch line : "  Marvin Gaye just made $ 7.4 million just last week . He 's making beats in heaven . It 's crazy , " he joked . "  He might be dead , but he ai n't dead broke . " Gaye 's children had sued Pharrell Williams and Robin Thicke over the 2013 hit "  Blurred Lines , " which jurors decided borrowed elements from Gaye 's soul classic "  Got to Give It Up . " The performers were ordered to pay $ 7.4 million for copyright damages and infringement . The crowd laughed again when Foxx turned to Death Row Records founder Marion "  Suge " Knight , who has been charged with murder in the hit-and-run death of a man run over by a truck . "  He will not be here tonight , " Foxx said of Knight . "  He founded Tha Dogg Pound , Snoop Dogg , Nate Dogg , and now he needs a seeing-eye dog . " Knight collapsed in court recently , as a result of ongoing health issues , after a judge set his bail at $ 25 million in the murder case . He hit his head during the fall , knocking himself out .	"  He 's doing a his-and-her duet all by himself , " Jamie Foxx said of Bruce Jenner Awards-show joke prompted anger on social media , with some calling it "  disgusting " Jenner has n't spoken publicly about rumors he 's transitioning from male to female
CNN  -- "  At the end of six seasons , six beautiful seasons , it 's like high school -- time to graduate and go to college , " Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino told CNN as he and his cast mates bid farewell to their MTV hit "  Jersey Shore " at the New York Television Festival . And just like after high school , it 's time for the "  Jersey Shore " cast to really get to work , just like the reality TV stars who came before them . The "  Jersey Shore " cast members are all expanding their empires while also giving back to the community that made them famous , via a planned one-hour fund-raiser to rebuild the actual Jersey Shore , which was devastated along with other areas on the East Coast during Hurricane Sandy . "  Restore the Shore " will be broadcast live from Times Square on Thursday , November 15 , at 11 p.m. ET and tape-delayed on the West Coast . Unlike the graduates of "  American Idol , " "  Project Runway , " or even "  The Hills , " the self-proclaimed guidos of the "  Jersey Shore " represent a region . Love them or hate them  or love to hate them  , the TV special may bolster their reputations  not to mention their brands  when they might have been criticized for leaving the area a little worse for wear . "  I think of everyone in the celebrity world , we get bullied the most , " said Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi . "  People are just mean to us . Yes , I got drunk , I blacked out , I got arrested , but that 's what happens to everybody . They just do n't have a camera following them . " The final episode of "  Jersey Shore " airs December 13 , and with the end in sight , the cast are thinking about what to do when the party 's over , spinoffs notwithstanding . Sammi Giancola is going back to college to finish her sociology degree . Ruthie Alcaide from season eight of "  The Real World , " who became a spokesperson for alcohol awareness , might provide a role model for Sorrentino , whose own situation also involved a stint in rehab . He does n't think his hard-won sobriety had anything to do with the show coming to an end , but now that he 's famous , he ca n't see himself falling back on his former career as a mortgage broker . "  I ca n't be ` the Situation ' forever , " he acknowledged , adding that he hopes to milk it for a little while longer  at least until the next TV gig comes along  . He 's also written a comic book using his "  Jersey Shore " persona as a superhero : "  By day he is Mike , almost like Clark Kent , and by night , he is ` the Situation , ' who has the power of persuasion with females and gets that power from a tanning bed . " Sorrentino also hopes to make other endorsement and branding deals , pending an unresolved suit from Viacom over copyright of phrases that originated on the show . The highest-earning member of the "  Jersey Shore " cast , Paul "  Pauly D " DelVecchio , who banked a reported $ 11 million last year , knows he ca n't rely on his reality-TV fame . The DJ signed with 50 Cent 's record label and is coproducing an album with the rap mogul .  He 's also partnered with 50 to put out a line of headphones and will DJ Britney Spears ' wedding  . "  I 'm actually applying for unemployment now that the show 's ending , " he joked . "  But I hear they pay you less now , so that 's not going to work . " Already a queen of branding , Polizzi has more deals for her own fashion and beauty lines than the rest of the cast : indoor and sunless tanning , slippers , sunglasses , perfume , jewelry and a maternity line on the way . But this is n't enough , she said , so she 's also getting into the music business , because the brands are not her long game . "  My parents , they 're just trying to get everything out of this moment , and they want to have a family business , so we started Team Snooki Music , " she said . "  We 're just trying to make a living so my kids can go to college , and they do n't have to worry about anything . You have to plan . " Polizzi also hopes to get back on the air via her own TV talk show , "  like a ` Chelsea Handler ' - type show , " she told CNN , "  late at night , when I can talk about anything , because I have no filter . " Her BFF Jenni "  JWoww " Farley is less ambitious , setting her sights on a television career behind the scenes as a producer . While she plans to continue selling brands such as her tanning line , Farley said she wants to actually "  create something . " "  I would love to do a fun makeover show with young women and men to up their confidence , " she said , "  and then do a show about bullying , really break down the barriers and help change the laws behind them , because it 's behind the times . " Farley might actually have a shot at launching one of these shows at MTV , she noted , because she 's been shadowing the network 's producers and executives just as much as they 've been watching her these past six seasons . "  I could go to MTV and be like , ` Hey , do you know me ? I 'm kind of on one of your shows , and I have an idea ... ' " The strategy 's also in line with the network 's spinoff habit , such as how "  Laguna Beach : The Real Orange County " led to "  The Hills " which led to "  The City " which led to "  Audrina " on sister network VH1 . Deena Cortese does n't think her previous career as a dental assistant is in the cards anymore , because the show has tainted her reputation , not improved it . "  Be honest , " she said . "  Would anybody trust me doing that anymore ? Probably not . " But she thinks she has another fallback position in the real world : starting her own beauty salon . As they prepare to say goodbye to the perks of being  temporarily  famous -- "  I 'm going to miss getting courtside seats to the Knicks games ! " Pauly D said -- they always have the inevitable reunion show to look forward to , because , as show creator SallyAnn Salsano said , we 've never seen the real "  Jersey Shore . " "  What really happened in that house , no one knows , " she said . "  You guys got the PG-version . " Could the fund-raiser special change the cast members ' reputations ? Will it help them succeed at their goals ? It 's too soon to tell , but at least it shows a new side of people who were about to be typecast forever .	The cast members of "  Jersey Shore " are expanding their empires beyond the program The "  Restore the Shore " special may help bolster their reps as well as their brands Snooki , Deena , Pauly D and "  The Situation " share their post - "  Shore " plans
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Two Britons serving three-month prison terms for having sex on a public beach in Dubai have been released on bail pending their appeal , their lawyer said Tuesday . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . Michelle Palmer , 36 , and Vincent Acors , 34 , were sentenced last week after a court found them guilty . Both denied they had intercourse and their lawyer , Hassan Mattar , said they planned to appeal . Mattar said Tuesday the court accepted the appeal and will hold the first hearing November 18 in Dubai . Palmer and Acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication . Watch how case stirs up Dubai 's bar scene " The Dubai Court of Misdemeanors last Thursday found them guilty and ordered them jailed for three months , after which they would be deported . The court also fined the pair 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  for the charge of public indecency . During the trial , Mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor . The United Arab Emirates , where Dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- the largest indoor snow park in the world . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Two Britons jailed for having sex on beach in Dubai bailed pending their appeal The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
OXON HILL , Maryland  CNN  -- Crew members of the Maersk Alabama , safely back in the United States after being attacked by pirates last week off Somalia , recounted their ordeal Thursday . Navy personnel recover the lifeboat from which Maersk Alabama Capt. Richard Phillips was rescued Sunday . "  They start firing before they climb , with AK-47 , " crew member Zahid Reza said . "  I was scared for my life . I was almost close to that . And they tried to shoot me many times , " he said , pointing to his head . "  Pointing gun all over . Here , there , in the back . " Pirates tried three times to board the U.S.-flagged cargo ship before their fourth attempt was successful , fellow crew member William Rios said , adding that the groups of pirates were different but that he thinks they were working together . Rios said he was working on deck when he was called back to lock down the ship . Then , he said , there were gunshots , and an alarm went off to alert all crew members to wake up and get on deck . "  We went to our training , " he said , declining to provide details : "  If I tell you all what we did , pirates , they would know . " Watch the crew praise their captain " The pirates intended to ask for a $ 3 million ransom , Reza said . He said he and the ship 's chief engineer took one of the pirates hostage . Reza said he persuaded the pirate -- whom he described as a young man , maybe 18 or 19 -- to trust him , pointing out that he is Bangladeshi and the pirate was Somali . "  His name is Abdul , " Reza said . "  I told him , ` Trust me . I am Muslim ; you are Muslim . ' " He told Abdul he would take him to the engine room to find more crew members . When they got there , the room was dark , he said , and he did n't know the ship 's chief engineer was in there . He said the chief engineer jumped the pirate first , then Reza stabbed him with his knife , and the two men tied the pirate 's hands and feet . Reza said he intended to kill the youth , but the chief engineer told him , "  No , we need him alive . " Watch Reza talk about wanting to kill the pirate " "  He was fighting me and chief engineer , to get away from us . A lot of yelling , shouting and screaming . " Rios said he went to the lifeboat , where Capt. Richard Phillips was being held , to exchange Abdul for Phillips but was unsuccessful . The captain -- who offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew -- was rescued by U.S. Navy SEALs on Sunday . The SEALs , on the nearby guided-missile destroyer USS Bainbridge , fatally shot three pirates and rescued Phillips . A fourth pirate was arrested . "  I feel great they got killed , " Reza said . "  I am happy . " He said he was proud of the Navy . Phillips arrived in Mombasa , Kenya , aboard the Bainbridge on Thursday . The crew arrived at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland overnight . Watch crew arrive in U.S. " Rios said Phillips is "  outstanding ; he 's extraordinary ; he 's -LSB- a -RSB- very brave man . " Another crew member , John White , said they were "  damn lucky to be alive . " Rios called for more security in the Gulf of Aden . "  Put more military to patrol the waterway for us transporting material back and forth , " he said . " ... All the countries got to get involved with this . " Reza echoed the call . "  I think government should get involved , " he said . "  They should think about our safety , yes . ... This piracy is getting bigger and bigger . " CNN 's Paul Courson , Virginia Nicolaidis and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	NEW : Maersk Alabama crew tell about pirates ' takeover of ship NEW : Crew member says he gained confidence of , tried to kill pirate NEW : "  I feel great they got killed , " crew member says of pirates NEW : Crew calls for international effort to secure shipping lanes
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Even while under curfew following the ouster of their long-serving authoritarian leader , Tunisians on Saturday experienced newfound freedoms online as their acting president promised a "  new phase " for his embattled land . Filters on websites like Facebook and YouTube , put in place under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , were dropped and Internet speed picked up considerably -- a development that followed the new government 's vow to ease restrictions on freedoms . In addition , three Tunisian journalists -- including two bloggers critical of Ben Ali -- have been freed from jail , the Committee to Protect Journalists said Saturday . These developments come as Fouad Mebazaa was sworn in as the country 's acting leader on Saturday , after Ben Ali and his family took refuge in Saudi Arabia following days of angry street protests against the government Speaking on national TV , Mebazaa , who had been the country 's parliamentary speaker , promised to ensure the nation 's "  stability , " respect its constitution and "  pursue the best interest of the nation . " "  Citizens , sons and daughters of our country of Tunis , in this important and urgent moment in the history of our beloved country , I appeal to all of you of various political parties , and nationalist organizations , and all civil society organizations to fight for the national interest and to respect the army 's command and the national security in security matters , and to preserve private and public property and to bring the return of peace and security in the hearts of the citizens , " he said . Mebazaa 's temporary assumption of the presidency corresponds to an article in Tunisia 's constitution that says power will be transferred to the parliament speaker when the president resigns , dies or is unable to perform his responsibilities . He asked Mohamed Ghannouchi to remain as prime minister of what is now a caretaker government . This dramatic power shift comes after the departure of Ben Ali , the leader of the north African country since 1987 who had a reputation for ruthlessness and corruption , Ben Ali fled to Jeddah , where he was welcomed by the Saudi Arabian king . "  The government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia announces that it stands fully by the Tunisian people , wishing , by God will , its people will stand solid to overcome this difficult phase in its history , " the Saudi royal court said in a statement . Moammar Gadhafi , leader of neighboring Libya , denounced the developments in a televised speech Saturday night . Ben Ali remains the nation 's rightful president , per its constitution , and blamed unrest on criminal gangs , he said . "  Sadly , Tunisia is headed to more chaos and we do not know how it will end , " he said . Gadhafi closed his speech by saying he was "  sad and hurt " by the recent developments , which he said threatened to derail significant progress in Tunisia . "  I hope your sanity returns and your wounds heal , because you had a big loss that will never return , " he said , addressing the Tunisian people . As the political situation remained fluid , the army appears to have clamped down and established a strong presence on the streets in the cities of Tunisia , long a relatively stable and prosperous country in what diplomats have described as "  a rough neighborhood . " Tunisian state TV reported that officials plan to hold presidential elections in 60 days , and an opposition leader told CNN that opposition figures were meeting with the caretaker prime minister to discuss formation of a unity government . The ruling government declared a state of emergency , ordering a curfew requiring all people to remain indoors between 5 p.m. Saturday and 7 a.m. Sunday . No large street protests in the capital , Tunis , were reported Saturday . But multiple videos posted online showed that Tunis ' main train station had been burned . There were also reports of rioting and looting in the country , and security forces also have been spotted rounding up and roughing up people . At least 42 people died when a fire swept through a prison in the eastern Tunisian city of Monastir , Dr. Ali Chadly of the University Hospital of Monastir told CNN . It was not immediately clear what sparked the fire . A travel warning from the British Foreign Office on Saturday said "  there have been demonstrations , some violent " and "  significant looting " in Tunis and other locations , citing Sousse , Sfax , Nabul , Hammamet , Douze , Kasserine , Requeb and Thia . Under Ben Ali , Tunisia was a pro-Western state supportive of U.S. policy in the Middle East and in its efforts against terrorism . On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama condemned "  the use of violence against citizens peacefully voicing their opinion in Tunisia " and lauded "  the courage and dignity of the Tunisian people . " He also urged Tunisia 's government "  to respect human rights  and  hold free and fair elections . " The wave of rallies in the North African nation was stirred by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate , who torched himself last month after police confiscated his fruit cart , cutting off his source of income . Since then , protesters had called for Ben Ali to step down and held daily demonstrations denouncing his government . The grass-roots protests , organized and supported through online networks centered on Twitter and Facebook , focused on poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . Amnesty International spokesman Claudio Cordone said that 55 people have been killed over the past several weeks of demonstrations . The former president had put the number at 21 before his departure . "  We hope that the army will match its reputation for being more professional and less trigger-happy than the security forces that have been responsible for much of the violence over the last several weeks , " Cordone said . The tumult , including Ben Ali 's departure , has reverberated in the Arab world , where the news of the uprising elated people in other countries across the region , where authoritarian rule has persisted for years . In Cairo , Egypt , about 100 people inspired by what some are calling the "  Jasmine Revolution " in Tunisia massed in front of the press syndicate and called for a similar uprising there . Amid heavy security and the presence of many riot police in the city , the people chanted , "  Down with Hosni Mubarak , " the nation 's leader , and called him a corrupt and ruthless ruler . Tunisia has close cultural and economic links to France , which invaded Tunisia in 1881 . That move led to the creation of a protectorate until Tunisia became independent in 1956 . An official statement from French President Nicolas Sarkozy noted France 's "  many ties of friendship " to Tunisia and called for free elections as soon as possible . After Sarkozy met with some senior members of his Cabinet Saturday to discuss Tunisia , Finance Minister Christine Lagarde sent instructions to financial institutions and banks to freeze the assets in France of the Ben Ali family . French government spokesman Francois Baroin said Saturday that France asked some of Ben Ali 's relatives to leave the country , adding that Ben Ali would n't be allowed in France . The African Union 's Peace and Security Council on Saturday "  expressed its solidarity " with Tunisians and deplored the "  excessive use of force against demonstrators . " It also urged "  the political stakeholders and the Tunisian people to work together , in unity , consensus and respect for legality , towards a peaceful and democratic transition , which will allow the Tunisian people to freely choose their leaders through free , open , democratic and transparent elections . " Also Saturday , the Arab League released a statement regarding "  this historic stage " and urged the "  return of calm and security , " according to a report by Jordan 's state-run news agency , Petra . The Cairo-based alliance offered support for a peaceful , legal realization of "  the Tunisian people 's aspirations for a decent , secure and stable future in a climate of democracy and political stability . " Journalists Elham Nakhlawi and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Filters on websites like Facebook and YouTube have been dropped NEW : Tunis ' main train station has been torched , videos show Unhappy Libyan leader tells Tunisians , "  I hope your sanity returns " The country 's acting president calls for a "  better political life " in Tunisia
Washington  CNN  The U.S. military is trying to gather as much intelligence as it can about ISIS defenses in Mosul to make a key decision about whether it 's necessary to recommend American ground troops accompany Iraqi forces on the looming fight to retake Iraq 's second largest city . The first move by Iraqi forces on the ground could come as soon as April , a U.S. Central Command official told CNN . ISIS is continuing to attempt to reinforce its defenses of Mosul . If those defenses grow to a significant level , then Iraqi forces may need U.S. help in locating military targets to hit , the official said . If ISIS defenses reach that critical point , the Pentagon and Central Command may then recommend to President Obama that U.S. troops be involved , the official said . Gen. Lloyd Austin , head of Central Command , and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs , have both suggested a small number of U.S. troops could be needed to help with targeting , but not to go into combat . Now there is a more specific explanation of the trigger -- ISIS defenses -- that could cause the recommendation to go to the President . The United States already is observing ISIS members protecting their families by sending them out of Mosul , the official said . Recent coalition airstrikes around Mosul have been aimed at cutting off all supply lines to ISIS in the city . That way , when the military operation begins , ISIS will be isolated inside Mosul and unable to reinforce its fighters . Centcom believes ISIS has lost the ability to gain significant new amounts of territory in Iraq and hold onto it , the official said . And in both Iraq and Syria , the assessment is that ISIS fighters are stretched so thin , leaders are having to make choices and prioritize where they want to put their resources and fighters , the official added . That became a key reason they abandoned the fight for Kobani . There is also some evidence that the number of foreign fighters coming into Syria and Iraq may have declined over the last four to five months . However , hostage killings videos do underscore that the ISIS social media propaganda campaign remains strong , the official said . U.S. military and intelligence officials are noting the highly produced nature of some of the videos indicate ISIS had spent considerable time on the efforts .	Iraqi forces could begin to move to retake Mosul as soon as April , a U.S. official says ISIS is continuing to try to reinforce its defenses of Mosul
DHAKA , Bangladesh  CNN  -- More than 1,700 people have died in Bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells CNN . Families stand amid the wreckage caused by the cyclone Friday in southern Bangladesh . Brig. Gen. Qazi Abedus Samad , director of operations for the country 's armed forces , told CNN Saturday the toll had reached 1,723 , and the figure is expected to rise . As flood waters recede , aid workers say they expect to find scores more bodies when remote villages are finally reached and the counting is done . They face debris-blocked roads , no electricity and almost nonexistent communications . In addition to the dead , another 15,000 people have been injured . Thousands of people have been displaced and many are still missing . Cyclone Sidr , with sustained winds of at least 131 mph  210 kph  , made landfall Thursday night along the western coast of Bangladesh near the border with India , unleashing floodwaters . Government spokesman Fahim Munaim told CNN by telephone that the government held an emergency Cabinet meeting Saturday to assess the disaster and discuss recovery issues . He said the extent of the cyclone 's damage may be much worse because emergency relief had not been able to reach remote areas . The government has identified the 12 worst districts -- all of them located on the southern coast -- out of the 23 affected by the cyclone , Munaim said . See victims pick up the pieces after the storm " The Bangladeshi air force , army and navy are working to provide shelter for the many people who have been displaced . Power is still out in much of the country but it is being restored . Watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort " Vince Edwards , national director of the relief agency World Vision in Bangladesh , said the high wind speeds of Cyclone Sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock . He said 280,000 families have been rendered homeless by the cyclone , but many have been able to get shelter from family members . World Vision is deploying 135 staffers and 7,000 volunteers to provide food , shelter and other relief . The group is appealing for $ 1.5 million in further funds to assist some 9.300 families rebuild their homes . In Dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , CNN 's Cal Perry said from the city . "  From an infrastructure perspective , the country absolutely has been brought to its knees , " he said . Red Crescent spokeswoman Nabiha Chowdhury told CNN that communication with her agency 's teams who have arrived in the stricken area is spotty , but they have resources with them to immediately help people with water purification , which she said was a top priority . Those teams have cash with them to buy relief supplies from local wholesalers , said Chowdhury , who said the latest number of people injured was 15,000 with 1,000 missing . Chowdhury said about 600,000 people had fled , adding that about 2 million people lived along the coast . The U.N. World Food Programme said it has enough high-energy biscuits to feed 400,000 people for several days . Another humanitarian group , Save The Children , appealed for aid from the public . "  Many families have lost everything , including their homes and their crops , and they are struggling to survive , " said Kelly Stevenson , Save the Children 's Bangladesh director . "  We are appealing to the U.S. public to support our efforts to assist children and families affected by this disaster . We remain very concerned about possible outbreaks of cholera and severe diarrhea due to the lack of access to clean water , " he said in a written statement . The U.S. Department of State pledged Friday pledging "  to work with the government and foreign donors to assist in relieving the effects of the disaster . " Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the U.S. Mission in Bangladesh , anticipating the storm , pre-positioned 16 Zodiac boats , water treatment systems , water ambulances and food for a more rapid response . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three Navy amphibious warships , with up to 3,500 Marines , to locations off the coast of Bangladesh to assist in relief efforts . E-mail to a friend	More than 1,700 people dead , toll expected to rise , official says 15,000 people are injured following Thursday 's tropical Cyclone Sidr U.N. World Food Programme has food for 400,000 people for three days Power outages , massive traffic jams and poor phone service in Dhaka
New York  CNN  -- New York police on Sunday touted the impact of their much-criticized "  stop , question and frisk " policy , claiming it has contributed to a spike in the number of firearms confiscated and coincided with what is shaping up to be a historically low murder rate . Comparing numbers from the first three months of 2012 to the same period last year , the number of such stops increased 10 % while the number of illicit guns taken away went up 31 % , according to a New York Police Department statement from Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Meanwhile , New York 's murder rate has plunged 21 % year-to-date as of last Friday -- meaning , if the current trend continues , the yearly number of murders in the city would be the lowest since such statistics first were recorded , as such , in 1963 . "  New York City continues to be the safest big city in America , and one of the safest of any size , with significantly less crime per capita ... than even small cities , " the department said . Police cited Operation Impact and the "  stop and frisk " policy as key reasons for the improving crime statistics . But the policy has been criticized sharply by some as grounds for racial profiling . Donna Lieberman -- executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , which has described the practice as "  unlawful and racially biased " -- blasted the latest release of data , accusing the police department of trying to "  massage the numbers to make this look like an effective and worthwhile program . " "  What  this policy  does is terrorize moms of color about the well-being of their sons , who have to navigate how to survive unwarranted intrusion into their activities by a police department for doing absolutely nothing wrong , " she said Sunday in a statement . Added Darius Charney , senior staff attorney for the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights , "  It is mind-boggling that , after years of public outcry and in the face of strong evidence that stop-and-frisk violates people 's rights and does not make them safer , the NYPD has doubled down on this discriminatory and ineffective practice . " Another critic , City Council member Jumaane Williams , earlier this year questioned how the policy affects the police department 's relations with minorities in the city . "  Communities are losing trust with the police , which is one of the biggest crime-fighting tools that we have , " Williams said . Minorities are far more likely than whites to be questioned under New York 's program , according to police department statistics . Of those stopped and frisked -- 93 % of whom were males -- 54 % were African-American , 33 % were Hispanic , 9 % were white and 3 % were Asian . Yet the police department , including Commissioner Ray Kelly , has argued that the policy ends up disproportionately protecting those in minority communities . African-Americans and Hispanics made up 96 % of all New York shooting victims and 90 % of murder victims last year , police said . Therefore , a drop in such shootings citywide would logically equate to fewer minorities ' being killed . New York police pointed out there were 124 murders this year in the city through April 29 , compared with 158 in Chicago -- which , with about 2.7 million people , has less than one-third of New York 's population . Those figures could n't be clearly matched on the city of Chicago 's website . Official crime data from Chicago did note 120 homicides in that city through April 20 , while the Chicago Tribune 's RedEye website recorded 169 homicides as of May 9 . "  The continuing murder decline in New York is vindication of the NYPD 's policy of engagement , which includes Operation Impact , police stop and questioning and use of the Real Time Crime Center to get timely information into detectives ' hands as quickly as possible , " New York police said in their statement Sunday . Civil liberties advocate Lieberman acknowledged progress regarding crime , but disputed the idea that this can be credited to "  stop , question and frisk " -- or that such trends are n't evident elsewhere without such policies . "  Crime has gone down and stop-and-frisk has gone up , but that does n't meant that stop-and-frisk is  the  reason for reduction in crime . It 's gone down in almost every city in the last decade , " she said . "  It 's time for  Mayor Mike Bloomberg  and Police Commissioner Kelly to treat people of color as if they were their own families . " While 31 % more firearms were recovered in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same stretch one year prior , only 13 % more weapons total were confiscated , according to police statistics . That is because most such seized weapons are knives , at about seven times the rate for guns . The vast majority of those stopped , questioned and frisked walk free without punishment . According to data from 2012 's first three months , 5 % of those ended up being arrested and another 5 % were served summons . Both rates are slightly below those from the previous year . CNN 's Nina Ibarra contributed to this report .	NEW : Police "  massage the numbers " to support "  stop , question and frisk , " a critic says NEW : Police "  doubled down on  a  discriminatory and ineffective practice , " says another critic Blacks and Hispanics are most likely to be stopped , and also be murder victims in New York Police say statistics show it works , pointing to a low murder rate and more guns seized
CNN  -- Retired pro wrestler "  Macho Man " Randy Savage , 58 , was killed Friday morning in Seminole , Florida , when the Jeep he was driving jumped a median and hit a tree , the Florida Highway Patrol said . His wife , Barbara L. Poffo , 56 , who was in the passenger seat , was injured , the patrol said . She was expected to be released from a hospital , said Highway Patrol Sgt. 1st Class Steve Gaskins . Savage 's real name was Randall Mario Poffo , according to the wrestling federation for which he performed . The couple lived in Seminole , authorities said . An investigation is under way , but a Highway Patrol report said that Randall Poffo "  lost control " of his 2009 Jeep Wrangler for "  unknown reasons " as it was traveling westbound on Florida State Route 694 near 113th Street North in Pinellas County . A Highway Patrol report said Poffo "  may have suffered a medical event ; however , this can not be confirmed until an autopsy is performed . " His vehicle "  traveled over the raised concrete median divider , crossed the eastbound lanes of SR-694 , over the outside curb and collided head-on with a tree , " the report said . Poffo died in Largo Medical Center in Largo , Florida , the Highway Patrol report said . As a pro wrestler , he was known for his catchphrases "  Ooooooh Yeaahhhhh ! " and "  Can you dig it ? " After he retired from wrestling , he became known for his Slim Jim commercials . The wrestling federation and the maker of Slim Jim meat sticks expressed sympathies . "  WWE is saddened to learn of the passing of one of the greatest superstars of his time , Randy Poffo , aka Randy ` Macho Man ' Savage , " the wrestling federation said in a statement . "  Poffo was under contract with WWE from 1985 to 1993 and held both the WWE and Intercontinental championships . Our sincerest condolences go out to his family and friends . We wish a speedy recovery to his wife , Lynn . Poffo will be greatly missed by WWE and his fans . " "  We 're saddened by the loss , " ConAgra Foods , which makes Slim Jims , said in a statement . "  Randy was a beloved ambassador for the Slim Jim brand for many years and will be greatly missed . "	NEW : "  Macho Man " Randy Savage may have suffered "  medical event " behind wheel , authorities say His Jeep jumped a median and slammed into a tree for unknown reasons , authorities say His wife , Barbara , 56 , is injured but is expected to be released from a hospital , police say After he retired from wrestling , he became known for his Slim Jim commercials
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area , the U.N. refugee agency said . Refugees move along a road Tuesday in Mugunga , near Goma , in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A press release from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . Roads to Goma , about 10 miles from the camps , were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting , the UNHCR reported . Torrential rain made the movement even more difficult . "  The main road toward Sake was crowded with people ; we had difficulties getting through , " UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency 's release . "  Internally displaced people are moving from site to site , direction Goma . " UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said , "  They have been living in extremely difficult conditions anyway . Now they have nothing but what they can carry . " Redmond added , "  These are people in poor health ; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours . They need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . " While the Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack , a Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the Integrated Regional Information Networks , a U.N.-affiliated news service . The spokesman , Bwambale Kakolele , said Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack , that report said . A spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo said it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi , according to the U.N.-affiliated news service . "  We think it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -LSB- Rwandan rebels -RSB- , " spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron was quoted as saying . The UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I , Mugunga II , Lac Vert and Bulengo , saying about 28,000 had abandoned the first three camps and about 2,000 had left Bulengo . The UNHCR said 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year . In the past two months alone , 160,000 have fled their homes amid the fighting between renegade troops and government forces , the agency said . North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the International Crisis Group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack , report says Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult U.N. refugee agency : Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year
Washington  CNN  -- Three more Secret Service employees have "  chosen to resign " in the wake of a prostitution scandal that emerged last week , the agency said in a news release Friday . Six Secret Service members now have left their jobs in the wake of the incident in Cartagena , Colombia , which came while they were on a security detail in advance of President Barack Obama 's trip there for the Summit of the Americas . The agency also announced Friday that a 12th Secret Service "  employee has been implicated , " having previously said 11 were under investigation . One employee "  has been cleared of serious misconduct , but will face administrative action , " the Secret Service said . Five employees are on administrative leave and have had their security clearances temporarily revoked . In addition , the U.S. military is investigating 11 of its own troops for possible heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes . A source close to the investigation said Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan -- who briefed Obama on the investigation Friday , according to White House officials -- has ordered a "  comprehensive " investigation of everything that happened during the trip . That includes interviews with every Secret Service member on site , hotel staff and alleged prostitutes , the source said . In addition , the source confirmed that Secret Service agents were staying at a second hotel on the trip -- identified as a Hilton in Cartagena -- which presumably will be included in the expanded probe . The controversy has embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old agency that protects the president and other top officials and investigates criminal activity . It also raised questions about a possible security breach immediately preceding Obama 's visit , though House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Peter King has said that "  from everything we know , nothing was compromised . " Secret Service pushing out three members amid Colombia scandal Two of the Secret Service employees whose departures were previously announced -- identified as David Chaney and Greg Stokes , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN national security contributor Fran Townsend -- were supervisors . In a photo posted on his public Facebook page in January 2009 , Chaney is seen standing behind Sarah Palin , wearing dark glasses and what appears be a wedding ring . Under the photo , Chaney posted a comment that said , "  I was really checking her out , if you know what I mean ? " That remark drew a strong response Thursday night from Palin , who was a vice presidential candidate when the photo was taken . "  This agent who was kind of ridiculous there in posting pictures and comments about checking someone out , " Palin said on Fox News . "  Check this out , bodyguard . You 're fired ! And I hope his wife sends him to the doghouse . " Chaney , a son of a Secret Service agent , has been employed with the agency since 1987 , according to his posting on Reunion.com . The posting notes that he is married , has an adopted son and his assignments included a stint protecting former Vice President Dick Cheney . Questions raised about macho culture , women agents Stokes supervised the canine training unit at the Secret Service 's James J. Rowley Training Center outside Washington , according to PetLife Radio and a career development posting on the University of Maryland 's website . Attorney Lawrence Berger -- general counsel for the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , which represents Secret Service agents and others -- said he is not representing all of the agents involved in the Colombia story , but he does have several other clients in the group in addition to Chaney and Stokes . He would not comment on specifics of the investigation , but complained about leaks that publicly identified Chaney and Stokes and gave details of what allegedly happened in Colombia . "  The concern I have is about illegal leaks coming from apparently rogue elements within the Secret Service of privacy-protected information , " Berger said . "  It is distorting the review of what happened . " All the employees are accused of bringing prostitutes to Cartagena 's Hotel El Caribe ahead of last week 's visit by Obama . They 'd arrived earlier that morning as a part of the "  jump team " that flies in on military transport planes with vehicles in the president 's motorcade , said Townsend . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- signed in at the hotel , where Secret Service members apparently stayed , flashing their local ID cards . One of these women allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night , which brought the entire incident to light and sparked controversy in the United States and Colombia . Former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe told CNN on Thursday that the incident was due entirely to "  a lack of ethics  on the part of  the Secret Service of the United States . " Members of the U.S. Congress offered similarly biting remarks . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the allegations "  disgusting , " while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid described the agents ' alleged actions as "  either really stupid or a total lack of common sense . " The U.S. military is investigating six members of its elite Army Special Forces , or Green Berets , officials said . The Green Berets ' failure to make curfew the night of the incident involving the Secret Service agents led the military to start its investigation , a U.S. official told CNN . All the military personnel are being investigated for heavy drinking and use of prostitutes while in Colombia as part of the support team for Obama 's visit , the official said . They are not likely to redeploy until the matter is resolved , other military officials said . The military investigation could end with no action , administrative action such as a letter of reprimand or a recommendation to proceed with criminal charges , officials said . While soliciting prostitution is in most cases legal for adults in Colombia , military law bars service members from patronizing prostitutes , engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer or , for enlisted personnel , conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " It is also considered a breach of the Secret Service 's conduct code , government sources said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Briana Keilar , Brian Todd , Bob Kovach , John King , Barbara Starr , Deirdre Walsh , Rafael Romo , Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Three more Secret Service employees have "  chosen to resign , " the agency says A 12th Secret Service employee is "  implicated , " the agency says The Secret Service chief briefs Obama about the probe , officials say 11 U.S. military service members are also being probed in the prostitution scandal
Boston  CNN  -- The "  Green Monster , " a wall that looms 37 feet over left field in Fenway Park , may just about sum up the kind of pride Bostonians have for their city : It 's old , immense and helps guard against cheap shots . So when two bombs tore through the crowds at the Boston Marathon last week , the city 's response was so instinctive and full-throated that it made even the most ardent of Yankees fans a little proud . "  We pride ourselves on this family-community way of being , " said Mariah MacFarlane , a North End resident tending bar downtown . "  Any person who attempts to disrupt that , there 's no chance we 're not going to take it personally . " Natives often tout their Boston bona fides when traveling outside the city , added resident Stephen Tang . And when there 's trouble , "  everybody helps out . " That played out in the heart of the city last week as first responders rushed to help scores hurt in the smoldering aftermath of a rare terrorist attack on U.S. soil . The April 15 bombings killed three people and injured more than 170 . From backpacks to ` flash-bangs ' : Boston 's week of terror But by nearly all accounts , it could have been much worse . "  Moments like these , terrible as they are , do n't show our weakness ; they show our strength , " said Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley . Days later , Boston transformed into a virtual ghost town as authorities fanned out across the region and honed in on one of two surviving bombing suspects in a quiet suburb roughly 10 miles west of the attack . How to help in Boston When the lockdown was lifted and the suspect in custody , residents poured out onto city streets to cheer on police and chant , "  We love Boston ! " "  It 's in your blood , " said Colleen Bergeron , a Massachusetts native who has since moved to Richmond , Virginia . "  Even my grandmother 's a Red Sox fan . " A week later : Boston honors victims "  I 've lived all across the country and there 's nothing like it , " she added . The city , New England 's biggest , anchors a half-ring of suburbs that make it the nation 's 10th-largest metropolitan area . But Boston is the quintessential little big town , with a deep reservoir of history that includes often embellished tales of Samuel Adams and Paul Revere . Its brick-bound patchwork of ethnic enclaves and blue-collar neighborhoods give the place both a sense of community and a do n't - mess-with-us air . Still , last week 's attacks likely will leave an indelible impression on its time-honored traditions . On the third Monday of April every year dating back to 1897 , Massachusetts has celebrated Patriot 's Day with the running of the Boston Marathon . "  Here 's what you usually do on marathon Monday , " explained 30-year-old Damian Barreiro . "  You go the Red Sox game to catch a good buzz , and then you head over to the finish line to see everyone cross . " "  Now , it 's a day of sadness and remembering . " While much of the region has since edged back to normal , a six-block area downtown remains a barricaded crime scene . But this week an ailing Mayor Thomas Menino , who 's been a fixture in office for nearly two decades , defiantly stood from his wheelchair to announce plans to reopen Bolyston Street . "  It 's time to move this city forward , " he said . Did one brother brainwash the other ?	Boston bartender : "  We pride ourselves on this family-community way of being " Prosecutor : The bombing exposed Boston 's strength , not weakness Rich in history and diversity , Boston is the quintessential little big town The attack left an indelible mark , but mayor says it 's "  time to move this city forward "
CNN  Put yourself in the shoes  and seventh-century black robes  of ISIS ' Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the mysterious boss of the terror group that is striking fear into the hearts of leaders around the world . In the past couple of years you 've managed to avoid drone attacks and survive civil wars , unify militant groups in two different countries under your banner , raise an army of jihadis from across the globe , and seize a chunk of land stretching from northern Syria to central Iraq . Your newly-declared "  Islamic State " is the size of Pennsylvania , so how do you govern it ? You compartmentalize . New data from the Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium  TRAC  has revealed that ISIS is putting governing structures in place to rule the territories the group conquers once the dust settles on the battlefield . The research shows how ISIS has gone from being a purely military force to building a system that can provide basic services , such as making sure that gas and food are available , to its new citizens . From the cabinet and the governors to the financial and legislative bodies , ISIS ' bureaucratic hierarchy looks a lot like those of some of the Western countries whose values it rejects -- if you take away the democracy and add in a council to consider who should be beheaded . Baghdadi , his Cabinet advisers and his two key deputies comprise the executive branch of the government , known as "  Al Imara . " The two deputies -- Abu Ali al-Anbari and Abu Muslim al-Turkmani , veteran Iraqi military officials who served under Saddam Hussein -- oversee Syria and Iraq , respectively . ISIS has probably split the governance of the "  Islamic State " into Syrian and Iraqi branches simply to make it easier to run , according to Jasmine Opperman , TRAC 's Southern Africa Director . "  They see the caliphate as one state , yet there are two different governments , " Opperman told CNN . "  I believe this split is purely administrative at this time . They do n't want to be seen as downplaying the caliphate , but to make it easier to govern they were forced to make a separation between Syria and Iraq . " The two deputies deliver orders to the governors in charge of the various sub-states in Syria and Iraq under ISIS control , who then instruct local councils on how to implement the executive branch 's decrees on everything from media relations and recruiting to policing and financial matters . The Shura council -- which reports directly to the executive branch -- is the caliphate 's religious monitor , appointed to make sure that all the local councils and governors are sticking to ISIS ' version of Islamic law . The recent murders of Western hostages James Foley , Steven Sotloff , and David Haines would have fallen under the Shura council 's purview , according to Opperman . "  Let 's say a significant execution is going to take place , something that will get ISIS on the front page of the newspaper , " Opperman said . "  It can not be done without Shura council approval . " The Shura council also has the power to censure the leadership for running afoul of its interpretation of Sharia law , according to Opperman . "  The Shura council has the right to tell Baghdadi to go if he 's not adhering to ISIS ' religious standards , " she told CNN . "  It would most probably never happen , but the fact that it 's possible indicates the council 's prominence . " Baghdadi -- who was once imprisoned by U.S. forces in Iraq -- seems to have incorporated the American military 's own counter-insurgency mantra of "  Clear and Hold " to win territory , establish control over the area , then get the locals to help govern it . As time goes on , ISIS is evolving into a government whose political decision-making can not be separated from its military capabilities , according to Opperman . "  It 's two sides of the same coin , " she said . "  We 've seen the military side , with the war cabinet that directs brigades . But now on the other side we 're seeing how ISIS wants to govern . The two processes inform one another . " READ MORE : Kurds push back ISIS in bloody battleREAD MORE : "  No ground troops in Iraq , " says ObamaREAD MORE : What 's with Baghdadi 's bling timepiece ?	New research reveals ISIS government structure in parts of Syria and Iraq Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , a former U.S. inmate in Iraq , is leader of so-called "  Islamic State " TRAC research shows ISIS ' evolution from military force to basic services provider Many ISIS officials , including key deputies , are Saddam Hussein-era military officers
CNN  As police across the South search for a teenage couple on the run , a mother in Kentucky has a message for her son . "  We know they 've done wrong but you need to step up and take the consequences of what you done and come home before someone is really , really hurt , " Tammy Martin , mother of Dalton Hayes , told CNN affiliate WAVE . Hayes , 18 , and Cheyenne Phillips , 13 , are suspected of stealing three cars -- two with guns inside -- and are the subject of a law enforcement search that stretches from Kentucky to Georgia -- and maybe on to Florida . "  I do n't know why they 're doing it , " Martin said . "  I just wish they would turn themselves in . " Martin said that until recently she and her son thought Phillips was much older than 13 , WAVE reported . The couple had not been dating long , she said . Phillips ' mother , Sherry Peters , says she , too , wants her child to come home . "  I really want them to just turn themselves in , " she said . "  I have n't been sleeping very well lately . " Hayes and Phillips are "  increasingly brazen and dangerous , " Sheriff Norman Chaffins of Grayson County , Kentucky , said in a press release . "  I know Dalton and he has a history of making bad , bad decisions , " said Chaffins , sheriff for the county of about 25,000 people in central Kentucky . "  I was the school resource officer before I was elected sheriff . Dalton is known to have disciplinary and defiance issues at the high school with authority . " Hayes was recently charged with burglary and was out on bond , the sheriff said . He 's worried things will end badly as the two get farther and farther from home . "  They are in strange territory , " Chaffins said . "  We are a local , tight-knit community here , we just want them home ... other agencies see them as criminals stealing cars . They would be treated differently than they would be in our county . " It was not clear whether any formal charges have been filed against either teen . The sheriff has referred to them several times as "  suspects . " Cheyenne 's father reported her missing January 3 from Clarkson , Kentucky . Chaffins said she was thought to be in the company of Hayes . Chaffins said the couple first stole a truck in Clarkson . Jim McGrew , its owner , told WAVE the teens took the truck out of his garage and sped down the road before crashing into a fence and fleeing on foot . Police searched and McGrew said he flew his private plane to look for the couple . The wreck caused about $ 7,100 in damage to the truck , McGrew told WAVE . An hour later , the couple stole a 2006 Toyota Tacoma pickup truck with a firearm inside , Chaffins said . Both teens are suspects in the two felony auto thefts and Hayes is wanted for custodial interference . "  It is imperative that these two be located and apprehended as their behavior is becoming increasingly brazen and dangerous , " the sheriff said in a press release . On Wednesday , the sheriff 's department said the couple was spotted on security-camera video at a Walmart store in Manning , South Carolina . The girl was wearing pink cowboy boots , and the man with her was dressed in a dark-colored University of Kentucky T-shirt , the department said . On Thursday , authorities said the Toyota Tacoma pickup stolen in Kentucky was recovered in Henry County , Georgia , just south of Atlanta . A silver 2001 Toyota Tundra pickup with a Georgia certified firefighter license plate was reported stolen from the area around the same time . That truck had two handguns -- a .38 - caliber and . a 45-caliber -- inside , the sheriff 's department said . The sheriff said the two teens may be headed to Florida . "  They are becoming increasingly desperate and we just hope they have enough sense to do the right thing , " he said . Martin told WAVE she last heard from her son in a January 6 text message . "  It says ` Mommy , do n't worry . I 'm fine , okay -- plenty of money and food . Love you , good night , sweet dreams , ' " Martin said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	"  I just wish they would turn themselves in , " says mother of Dalton Hayes 18-year-old man and 13-year-old girl wanted in rural Kentucky Sheriff says they may have stolen three vehicles -- two with guns inside
Editor 's note : In 1994 , the American Psychiatric Association published the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , or DSM-IV . The DSM is the standard classification of mental disorders used by mental health professionals in the United States . For the several years doctors around the country have been working to update the manual . The DSM-5 is expected to be published in May 2013 , and the proposed changes to the definition of autism have caused some controversy . Dr. Bryan H. King is one of the doctors working on revising that chapter . My e-mail invitation to be a part of the DSM-5 revision process came on January 4 , 2007 . At the time , I was told that the work would be completed in 2011 and that participation would not be too burdensome . The process could be accomplished primarily through e-mails and conference calls , with in-person meetings held sparingly . It 's interesting to reflect on the fact that when the ink was drying on the last version of the DSM in 1994 , e-mail and the Internet as we know it were still evolving . In the nearly two decades since DSM-IV -- such Roman numerals suggest a chiseling in stone , do n't they ? -- there have been significant advances in technology and medicine , significant advances in our understanding of neuroscience and even changes in the significance of the DSM itself . There are good reasons to change the DSM and perhaps some good reasons to leave it alone . The manual has evolved over time from a relatively small guide for the collection of diagnostic prevalence data to the standard text for every course on psychiatric illness throughout the world . It has also become the dominant coding guide for insurance companies , schools and other agencies responsible for covering or creating special provisions for individuals with developmental or mental disorders . Whether someone receives the death penalty or a lesser sentence can rise or fall on whether he met criteria for a disorder as defined in the DSM . Every psychiatrist has an opinion about the DSM , and it typically includes both love and hate . In child psychiatry in particular , it is often said that children must not have read the DSM , because their symptoms so rarely seem to fit neatly into one of the diagnoses , often straddling several . Our advances in knowledge over the years clearly support efforts to improve the process , but we need to be particularly careful that we do no harm . Now five years in to this "  nonburdensome " process , our work group has spent nearly 2,500 person-hours in meetings and another 3,500 hours on teleconferences discussing refinements to the diagnostic criteria for autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders . And ours is just one of the smaller chapters in this manual . Work groups focused on mood disorders , personality disorders , anxiety disorders and so on are equally invested in this process . As a group of clinician scientists who have devoted our professional lives to the problem of autism and related disorders , we 've been given an extraordinary opportunity to update and improve how autism spectrum disorder , or ASD , is diagnosed . Every decision has been considered from multiple perspectives to determine the potential impact on individuals with the disorder . We 've even taken the step of posting iterations of the possible changes online for professional and public comment . The goal here is not to settle or vote on what is most popular , but to be sure to leverage the collective experience and wisdom of professionals , patients and everyone in between to minimize unanticipated consequences from potential change -- to ensure that we do no harm . We are also directly testing , in trials , how the new criteria will perform . We are specifically looking at whether or not people who currently have appropriate ASD diagnoses might be affected by this change . Our preliminary look at the field trial data suggests that the lines around the autism spectrum disorders will not be significantly redrawn with DSM-5 . As we get closer to finalizing this revision of the DSM , there is understandable concern about whether some individuals will "  lose " their diagnoses . There is no question that some diagnoses will change . For example , Asperger 's disorder will become autism spectrum disorder . But the goal here is finding the best way to capture the symptoms and problems that an individual has , to map those symptoms onto disorders that are valid , and which then inform prognosis and treatment and further study . We have a ways to go before the love-hate relationship we clinicians have with the DSM changes much . I am certain that children will continue to challenge our diagnostic constructs with their complexity , and I know that we will want to resist chiseling DSM-5 criteria into stone . But I also believe that by refining the diagnostic criteria to reflect current science , we 're that much closer to getting it right . Perhaps that will make the next revision less burdensome . In any case , when the invitation comes for working on the next DSM , it would be wise -- as for any significant remodeling project -- to double the estimate for time to completion . Dr. Bryan H. King is the director at the Seattle Children 's Autism Center and director of child and adolescent psychiatry at the University of Washington and Seattle Children 's Hospital . On The Autism Blog , King and other medical experts at the Seattle Children 's Autism Center share information and perspectives for those raising a child with autism .	Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  DSM  helps decide coverage benefits for developmental disorders Doctors are updating it but there 's concern that some people will "  lose " their diagnoses Expert : There are good reasons to change the DSM as well as good ones to leave it alone Early data suggests that the lines around autism spectrum disorders wo n't be significantly redrawn , says expert
NEW YORK -- For more than 10 years , Mandy Hughes drifted in an out of what she calls the horrible , debilitating pain of Lyme disease . Mandy Hughes says the pain she suffered for more than 10 years was due to Lyme disease "  It literally feels like you got into a severe accident , like you were hit by a Mack truck and you were allowed no medical attention , " she says . After being bitten by a tick at 19 , Hughes broke out in hives and suffered fever and chills so severe that she had to be hospitalized . She was diagnosed with Lyme disease and was sent home with two weeks ' worth of the antibiotic tetracycline . She seemed to be cured . But over the years , the Lyme symptoms flared back -- crippling joint pain , muscle spasms , headaches and facial paralysis . She visited 15 doctors , yet they were unable to arrive at a diagnosis . Several thought she had multiple sclerosis . Others knew she was sick but did n't know why . Lyme had been ruled out . "  Maybe it 's psychological -- we do n't really have an explanation , " they told Hughes . "  Your tests are coming back fine , Mandy . " Watch a report on a 10-year battle with Lyme disease symptoms " The memory of one doctor 's visit stays with her to this day . She went to see him with joint pain so severe , she said , her hands were curled into a palsy-like position . Yet the doctor seemed impatient with her . "  You 're obviously an attractive woman , and you 're just trying to get attention , " she recalls him saying . In 2005 , Hughes went to see what some patients refer to as a "  Lyme-literate " doctor -- one willing to diagnose chronic Lyme disease and prescribe a long-term regimen of intravenous as well as oral antibiotics . Within three months , she began to feel better . After 15 months , she was back on her feet , but had to abruptly halt treatment when her doctor was sued by an insurance company and stopped seeing patients . Learn more about Lyme disease " Hughes ' story is featured in a new documentary called "  Under Our Skin , " which takes a look at the leaders of the Infectious Diseases Society of America , a national medical group that represents health care professionals who specialize in infectious diseases . The society 's purpose , according to its Web site , is to improve health care in areas related to such diseases . In particular , the documentary takes aim at the 14-member panel that wrote the 2006 Lyme disease treatment guidelines . The guidelines question the existence of chronic Lyme disease and claim the post-treatment symptoms of some patients appear to be "  more related to the aches and pains of daily living rather than to either Lyme disease or a tickborne coinfection . " The guidelines list specific criteria for diagnosing Lyme -- such as an obvious tick bite , a characteristic bull 's - eye rash at the site of the bite , facial paralysis and a positive blood test . Yet some Lyme specialists say many patients experiencing symptoms do not see or remember a tick bite . Only 70 to 80 percent get the rash at all , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The longer the disease goes undiagnosed , the harder it is to treat , some doctors say . "  The disability associated with Lyme disease is worse than the disability that you might see with someone after a heart attack , " said Brian Fallon , director of the Lyme and Tick-Borne Diseases Research Center at Columbia University Medical Center in New York . Patient advocates criticize the IDSA for recommending no more than a month 's worth of antibiotics to treat Lyme . They say insurance companies use the guidelines to deny payment for long-term antibiotic therapy . But the IDSA says there are inherent risks from such treatment , including localized infection from the IV line and the creation of antibiotic-resistant bacteria . One IDSA critic , Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , conducted an antitrust investigation of the guideline process , saying the panel ignored or minimized other medical opinions regarding chronic Lyme disease . Blumenthal said the process was tainted by conflict of interest because members of the panel consulted for insurance companies and at least one had a patent for a Lyme disease treatment . Gary Wormser , chief of infectious diseases at New York Medical College and one of the guidelines ' authors , denies those allegations , calling them "  preposterous . " "  What we did recommend was not treating with unsafe or prolonged courses of antibiotic therapy , " Wormser said . In a settlement with Blumenthal , the IDSA agreed to reassess its 2006 guidelines with the assistance of an outside arbiter . The heart of the debate is whether patients actually have Lyme disease , or simply symptoms that are mistaken for Lyme disease . "  The problem is that the majority of patients that carry the diagnosis of chronic Lyme disease actually have the same kinds of symptoms : fatigue , musculoskeletal pain , sometimes brain fog . ... The majority of such patients actually do n't have any evidence of ever having had Lyme disease . " Wormser said . There 's a lot at stake . The CDC reports approximately 20,000 new cases of Lyme disease a year , with the number doubling from 1991 to 2005 . Factoring in underreported cases , the CDC says the actual number could be three to 10 times higher . "  We have an epidemic of Lyme disease , " said Daniel Cameron , president of the International Lyme and Associated Diseases Society , which rejects the IDSA guidelines and says the chronic form of the disease may be prevalent in up to 62 percent of the population in areas where Lyme disease is endemic . Fallon says standard blood tests fail to detect the Lyme infection in 20 to 30 percent of patients . "  Most reasonable academic physicians throughout the United States would acknowledge that there 's a large number of patients out there who do have chronic , persistent symptoms . The question is , why do they have those symptoms ? " he says .	Mandy Hughes says she suffered from Lyme disease effects for more than 10 years Hughes featured in documentary that questions disease treatment guidelines There 's a debate over whether the disease symptoms are mistaken for the disease
New York  CNN  -- A man who called New York City 's 911 center twice early Sunday , threatening to "  kill some cops , " was later shot and killed by police when he charged at responding officers with a knife . Officers first used a Taser gun on Emmanuel Paulino , 24 , then shot him when he continued to lunge at them , according to the New York police department . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital . Transcripts of the calls showed someone ready to pick a fight . 911 Operator : "  911 Operator , where is your emergency ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , I want you to call the cops cause I 'm ready to kill . " 911 Operator : "  What ? " Suspect : "  I 'm ready to kill some cops right now . " 911 Operator : "  You 're ready to kill some cops ? Where are you ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , -LSB- lists address -RSB- , New York , I 'm right here , outside . " Operator : "  OK so what 's going on there ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , I 'm ready to kill cops right now . " Operator : "  Oh , OK . " Suspect : "  OK , yeah , get em , I 'm -LSB- Inaudible -RSB- I 'll be right here . " The police report says officers responded to the 911 calls of "  threats to a police officer " to the 120 block of Vermilyea Avenue where they found Paulino with a knife in his hand . "  The officers verbally identified themselves and ordered the suspect numerous times to drop his weapon . The suspect ignored the police officers ' orders , " the police report said . "  The patrol supervisor  Sergeant  discharged his non lethal Taser at the suspect striking him in the body . The suspect did rip the electrical prongs from his body . " Nine witnesses told investigators they saw him continue to charge at police with a knife before he was hit with the Taser gun , according to the police report . When Paulino continued to lunge at them , the officers fired their weapons , hitting him several times in the upper body , police said . Paulino was pronounced dead at Columbia Pavilion hospital .	Man threatens police in calls to emergency center The suspect is hit with a Taser , then shot by police The suspect reportedly had a knife , witnesses say in a police report
CNN  -- When Thanksgiving has come and gone , and the turkey gorge is over , you 'll probably open up your refrigerator and find all sorts of tinfoil-wrapped casseroles and a lingering eau de sage . What 's a severely yammed out but unwasteful eater to do ? That 's where Melissa d'Arabian comes in . D'Arabian is the winner of season 5 of "  The Next Food Network Star " and host of the Food Network show "  Ten Dollar Dinners . " She gives us her five tips for Thanksgiving leftovers . 1 . Freeze while fresh Why wait until your turkey has aged two extra days until you realize that you are in over your Thanksgiving head ? On Thanksgiving Day , as you are cleaning up after dinner , immediately cube up half the remaining turkey and package it up into quart-sized freezer bags , about a cup or two each portion , depending on the size of your family . Label and freeze , and now you 'll have the freshest leftover possible that becomes an easy ingredient in the freezer just waiting to have a second life a month or two down the road in another recipe : pasta , soup , savory pies , omelets , etc. . 2 . Tired of turkey ? Trick your tastebuds My Saturday strategy for the turkey I still have around ? Go ethnic or regional with these creative ideas . Think Thai  turkey pad Thai , for instance  , Mexican  turkey taquitos  or Southern BBQ  pulled-turkey sandwiches  . A whole different flavor profile will break the mold on Thanksgiving flavors , and you 'll fool your palate into thinking your dish is a fresh new idea , not a recycled leftover . 3 . Turkey 's gone , but what about all the rest ? Repurpose your sides We all have side dishes that we make out of tradition , but that are n't eaten quite as much as we would hope . The result is leftover overload ! Cranberry sauce is a major culprit in my house . The solution ? Think of cranberry sauce simply as a tart fruit , and use as you would use any other . Make a yogurt parfait , or toss with apple slices and make a cobbler or crumble , or heat up and pour on vanilla ice cream and top with toasted pecans for a sundae . You can even make a fantastic sweet-heat salsa  perfect with my turkey taquitos , above  . The other major leftover is the  in  famous yams . One idea : think breakfast ! Make a delicious maple-yam compound butter and serve with scones or waffles . Turn sweetened yams into a filling for empanadas , or make cinnamon bran muffins with them . On the savory side , try swirling some yams into your leftover mashed potatoes for a delicious marbled potato side dish .  I know ; I did n't give you any ideas for stuffing . But if you have stuffing leftovers , you need a new recipe . I 'm just saying . 4 . Ingredients are leftovers too , so scan the fridge Remember one of my cardinal rules of saving grocery dollars : Wasted food is the most expensive food you buy , no matter how cheap it was at the store . So , be sure to check your refrigerator for lurking ingredients on their last legs so that you can leverage all your leftovers instead of tossing them . Use that leftover heavy cream you bought for mashed potatoes to make a quick homemade spicy butterscotch pudding . Use half a sour cream container to make your mom 's crazy Jell-o salad . Find a way to use up the other half  those taquitos bail us out yet again !  . A good general strategy is to check your refrigerator weekly  ideally just before menu planning or grocery shopping  , and pull any ` must-use ' ingredients front and center of the fridge so you do n't forget about them . 5 . Feel good about less Sometime between Halloween and the New Year , do a major purge of stuff you do n't need and donate it . And if you are feeling the squeeze of the economy as we head into the holidays , volunteer at a homeless shelter , food bank or soup kitchen . There is nothing like helping those who are less fortunate than you to make you feel grateful for what you do have , which will curb overbuying  and overcooking  and keep the holidays focused on what matters : the people in your life . And while it 's too late to change how much food you bought for this year , maybe next year this strategy will have you just buying slightly less . But this year , it will make us grateful for having leftovers at all , even if we do n't turn them all into a taquito .	Food Network host Melissa d'Arabian offers Thanksgiving leftover tips Freeze your turkey right after Thanksgiving Add a little bit of ethnic flair  think taquitos Turn leftover ingredients into a new dish
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police in Pakistan arrested lawyers holding a public protest to demand that the government immediately restore judges the previous president had ousted , Karachi 's police chief told CNN Thursday . Lawyers shout slogans Thursday in Karachi on the eve of a march to Islamabad . Among those detained were Muira Malik , former president of the Supreme Court Bar Association and leader of the Karachi lawyers movement , and retired high court justice Rasheed Razvi , police Chief Wasim Ahmed said . The lawyers were arrested under an order that outlaws public gatherings . The police chief also said authorities had credible information that there was a terror threat against the march and he had warned the lawyers before they started that it would be a public danger . Up to 500 lawyers in the Karachi group planned to join thousands of other demonstrators heading to the capital , Islamabad , as part of a four-day "  Long March . " The demonstrators plan a massive sit-in at the parliament building Monday . "  Our movement is a peaceful movement , " organizer Razvi , president of the Sindh High Court Bar Association , said before his arrest . "  When we protested the last time , there were hundreds of thousands of people and not one grass was broken , not one leaf was broken . " The demonstrators began walking from the gates of the Sindh High Court , heading to a dozen buses that waited to ferry them to their next stop : the city of Hyderabad . "  The rule of baton and bullets can not last , " the protesters chanted . They want President Asif Ali Zardari to live up to a promise to reinstate judges sacked by then-President Pervez Musharraf . Among the dismissed judges was the chief justice of the Supreme Court , Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry . After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , Zardari 's Pakistan Peoples Party promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office . The deadline came and went . The government responded to the recent intensification of protests by banning political demonstrations in two of the country 's biggest provinces -- Punjab and Sindh . It also detained several hundred activists Wednesday . But the protesters said they will not be deterred . Their movement now , they said , is n't so much about reinstating Chaudhry as it is about restoring the office of the chief justice . "  We will start the long march from the province as we have promised the nation , " Razvi said . The country 's largest opposition party , the Pakistan Muslim League-N  PML-N  , is backing the lawyers -- but for reasons of its own . Party head Nawaz Sharif accuses Zardari of being behind a February Supreme Court decision that bars Sharif from holding public office . The court also stripped Sharif 's brother , Shahbaz , of his post as chief minister of Punjab -- the Sharif party 's power center . Supporters of PML-N have responded by holding massive rallies , some of which have turned violent in recent days . CNN 's Thomas Evans and Zein Basravi contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyers arrested at start of ` Long March ' protest to the capital , Islamabad Protesters heading to Islamabad to take their case to parliament They want judges removed by previous president be restored to office President Zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning election
CNN  -- Virgin Atlantic 's outgoing chief executive officer , Steve Ridgway , says the company is flourishing in the industry 's "  squeezed middle , " between low-cost and behemoth airlines . The 60-year-old , who took the helm in 2001 and announced his resignation this week , spoke to CNN about his time with Virgin , which he joined in 1989 . Since then , Virgin has expanded from two 747s to 40 long-haul aircraft -- but competition in the industry has also intensified . "  We were completely squeezed at the beginning , and so maybe we 've gone from being completely squeezed to being squeezed middle , " Ridgway told CNN . "  But it 's something that makes us flourish . " He added , "  I think that keeps us on our toes , it 's meant that we continue to grow . And above all , we continue to innovate . " The company , founded by British tycoon Sir Richard Branson and famed for luxury in-flight entertainment , specializes in long-haul flights . But Ridgway wants Virgin Atlantic to expand and launch short-haul journeys , in an attempt to break BA 's monopoly over European flying routes . He said : "  We 've already put in our application to fly to Moscow . I was up in Scotland last week looking at the routes . " Ridgway , who will step down in March next year , rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute and said Virgin Atlantic management has been "  legendary " in building up the carrier to its current size . He declined to speculate on a successor , saying : "  It 's too early to say . We are starting -- we started a process , and that will now run now through the rest of the year . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	Virgin Atlantic CEO Steve Ridgway announced his surprise departure next March Rejected suggestions that he was leaving the company over a pay dispute The 60-year-old took the helm in 2001 , expanding from two to 40 long-haul craft Declined to speculate on a successor : "  It 's too early to say "
CNN  -- An incident-packed final day at Cheltenham culminated in a no-less dramatic finale when outsider Lord Windermere captured the Gold Cup in heart-stopping fashion for trainer Jim Culloty and jockey Davy Russell . The 20-1 shot beat On His Own and crowd favorite The Giant Bolster on Friday to land the most prestigious prize in the British jumps racing calendar . A stewards ' inquiry was immediately called after possible interference between the first two and third-placed The Giant Bolster , but the result stood to give Culloty a notable Gold Cup double as well as the # 327,300  $ 544,000  first prize . The Irishman , who rode Best Mate to three consecutive victories from 2002-04 , became just the fourth person to triumph as both jockey and trainer . "  They were the worst few minutes of my life , " the 41-year-old said of his agonizing wait during the inquiry . "  This was so unbelievable that I almost expected to lose the race . " Lord Windermere won the RSA Chase novices race at Cheltenham last year , but was not among the favorites for the Gold Cup . "  I 'd told Davy Russell to take his time but halfway round I wondered what he was doing -- I wanted to sack him ! " Culloty said . "  I told him to ride the horse to get a place but he exaggerated the waiting tactics a bit too much ! "  Everyone has said the horses have n't been right but I 've only got 25 horses and 10 of those would be three-year-olds , so it 's pretty impressive to have two winners here , including a Gold Cup . " The owners of On His Own were celebrating after taking a gamble to pay a # 27,500  $ 45,000  supplementary late-entry fee for the 16-1 shot , who took home # 122,800  $ 204,000  . "  It was well worth spending the money to supplement him , " said co-owner Graham Wylie . "  I 'm not at all disappointed , just proud of the horse . He did better than we expected . Coming down to the second-last I thought he might be sixth or seventh , but then his stamina kicked in and he flew up the hill . " Earlier in the day , Ruby Walsh  overnight leading jockey for the meeting  and fellow rider Daryl Jacobs were taken to hospital following falls . Both are receiving ongoing treatment .	Jim Culloty becomes fourth person to win Cheltenham Gold Cup as jockey and trainer His outsider Lord Windermere , ridden by Davy Russell , triumphs after long inquiry Stewards rule he did not cause sufficient interference to second-placed On His Own Meeting 's leading jockey Ruby Walsh earlier taken to hospital after a fall
CNN  -- A member of the Dutch royal family was severely injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort Friday , local authorities told CNN . Prince Johan Friso , 43 , a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , was skiing outside the bounds of the ski resort with friends at the resort of Lech am Arlberg when he was hit by an avalanche , a spokesman for the state of Vorarlberg said . No one else in the group was affected , the spokesman said . The prince was under the snow for a "  short period of time , " the spokesman said . He was wearing an electronic beacon that helped rescuers quickly find him , he said . The prince was airlifted to a hospital in Innsbruck , where he is in intensive care , authorities said . Doctors described the prince as stable but not out of danger , according to a statement from the queen . Lech am Arlberg is in Austria 's Vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western Austria . The region 's avalanche agency reported there was a considerable to great chance of avalanches in Lech on Friday . It cited new snowfall on top of a packed layer of snow that could cause snow slabs to slide off . The prince gave up his right to the throne when he married in 2004 without Parliament 's permission . He and his wife live in London with their two daughters . CNN 's Francesca Church contributed to this report .	Doctors say he is stable but not out of danger The prince is the son of the Dutch queen He was airlifted to a hospital in Innsbruck He is in intensive care
CNN  -- Miss Wisconsin Laura Kaeppeler was crowned Miss America 2012 at the pageant in Las Vegas on Saturday night . The 23-year-old 's platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents . She performed operatic vocals in the talent competition . Miss Oklahoma Betty Thompson , was first runner-up ; Miss New York Kaitlin Monte , was second runner-up ; Miss Arizona Jennifer Sedler , was third runner-up ; and Miss California Noelle Freeman , was fourth runner-up .	Laura Kaeppeler of Wisconsin is Miss America 2012 Her platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents
The headlines and blogs are all abuzz with the latest news : If a driver who 's texting gets in an accident and you sent the text , you can be arrested ! Terrible , right ? Actually , it 's not true , despite what you may have been told by people who have seen two episodes of some lawyer show and think they are qualified to be legal analysts . Such ignorance about the law feeds misinformation that grows on itself , doubles back and makes us all dumber . For people like me , lawyers , that is a wonderful thing . Why ? Because people who have no idea what they are talking about wind up making simple legal situations complicated , ramping up the billable hours for all of us . Remember the McDonald 's hot-coffee lawsuit ? That case , maligned from coast to coast , stands in the public mind as the one that says , "  If you are stupid enough to spill hot coffee on yourself , you deserve hundreds of millions of dollars . " Anyone who knows anything about the law will tell you that the real ruling came down for the plaintiff because McDonald 's had been warned time and again that it was going to hurt somebody if it did n't do something about the scalding temperature at which it served its coffee . But , in the name of more profits , it ignored the warnings . Even thereafter , McDonalds had the opportunity to pay the 81-year-old woman 's medical bills -- she was seriously injured , with third-degree burns -- but it acted arrogantly . McDonald 's did something wrong . When it was called to task for it , the punishment had to fit the defendant . Fining McDonalds $ 1,000 just was n't going to do it . Hitting McDonalds with a huge multimillion-dollar settlement ? That did it .  The injured woman 's $ 2.86 million jury award was later reduced , however , by a judge to $ 640,000 . So what has that to do with the New Jersey texting case ? The New Jersey texting case will likely lead to more boneheads who get their legal acumen from "  My Cousin Vinny " expounding on its meaning . This chorus shrieks that the New Jersey decision makes you liable for sending a text . But the court actually held that the person doing the texting was not liable in this instance . The court held that theoretically , someone could be held liable for sending a text to a driver . But the ruling was very clear , and very , very limited : "  We hold that the sender of a text message could potentially be liable if an accident is caused by texting but only if the sender knew or had special reason to know that the recipient would view the text while driving and thus be distracted . " In other words , yes , you can be held responsible if you cause an accident by sending a text message . But only if you knew that the recipient would look at the text message while driving . If you had any reason to have any doubt in your mind , then you will likely not be held liable . So if you send a text message to someone , you do n't need to call your lawyer or your insurance company . But if you send someone a text message and they respond back "  driving , leave me alone " and then you keep sending text messages , perhaps you might be found liable . The only thing that is certain is that this case , which makes plenty of sense , will serve to continue to allow the common law to grow , while those who would like to bring ignorance to our knowledge of the legal system will continue to succeed .	Marc Randazza : Buzz on New Jersey texting ruling leaves wrong impression Judge did not rule that a woman texting a driver was legally liable for the crash , he says Randazza : As in the McDonald 's scalding case , misinformation feeds ignorance You may be liable only if you know the person you 're texting is driving , he says
CNN  -- Syrian opposition groups said Saturday that they have formed a breakaway government , but many details were yet to emerge . The Local Coordination Committees , which organizes and documents protests against the Syrian regime , said 188 seats have so far been assigned to the council , but it may be 24 hours before the announcement of a presidential body . Groups including the Muslim Brotherhood of Syria , the Revolution Forces , the Public Council for Revolution Forces and the Superior Council of the Revolution have all joined the LCC in the opposition government , the LCC said Saturday . The groups are trying to create a Syrian National Council aimed at toppling the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Syria has been locked in a violent months-long uprising that has seen security forces clash with anti-government protesters calling for free elections and the end of al-Assad 's rule . Activists said at least eight people died in protests and random shootings on Saturday , a day after the government said 13 security forces and three civilians died in clashes and an opposition group said 23 people , mostly civilians , died in the fighting . Activists also said women marched near the presidential palace in Damascus on Saturday , demanding the fall of the regime , the release of detainees and the lifting of blockades throughout the country . CNN is unable to independently confirm the claims . Al-Assad , who has characterized the protesters as "  armed gangs , " has insisted his security forces are battling terrorists intent on targeting civilians and fomenting unrest . The United States , the European Union and a number of Arab countries have called an al-Assad to end the crackdown and step down . Tensions between the United States and Syria escalated after the Syrian ambassador to the U.S. was called Friday to the State Department over an attempted attack a day earlier in Damascus on American Ambassador Robert Ford , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . "  The ambassador was reminded that Ambassador Ford is the personal representative of the president , and an attack on Ford is an attack on the United States , " Nuland said . About 100 pro-government protesters tried to storm a meeting between Ford and opposition leader Hassan Abdelazim , trapping Ford and others for more than an hour . Later , his convoy was attacked . The al-Assad regime had earlier accused Washington of inciting "  armed groups " into violence against its security forces . Nuland said Ambassador Imad Mustapha was asked to compensate the United States for damage to the vehicles . In a Facebook post Friday , Ford said he respected "  peaceful protest " -- including by pro-government factions to express their opposition to him and U.S. policy -- but insisted that Thursday 's incident was "  not peaceful . " He described demonstrators wielding iron bars ; throwing tomatoes , eggs and concrete blocks ; attacking embassy vehicles ; and trying to break into Azim 's office . "  Americans understand that we are seeing the ugly side of the Syrian regime , which uses brutal force , repression and intimidation to stay in power , " Ford wrote . "  We deeply feel for the Syrian families that are enduring the violence , killings and torture and pain . We hope that Syrians find solutions to the crisis soon , but we strongly doubt that the regime 's terrorizing the population will end the crisis . " Syrian state-run media , citing the Foreign Ministry , reported Friday that "  necessary measures " had been taken to protect Ford . Taking a page from the success of Libya 's National Transitional Council , Syrian opposition groups meeting in Istanbul worked together to bring the various groups under one opposition umbrella . Among those expected to be represented by the National Council are the Muslim Brotherhood , the Assyrian Organization and the General Authority of the Syrian Revolution , the LCC said . The LCC does not identify its membership out of a fear of reprisals by al-Assad 's security forces . CNN can not independently verify the claims of the group because the Syrian government has denied international journalists access to the country . The meeting concluded the same day news broke that prominent anti-government activist Marwa al-Ghemyan was detained Friday by Syrian security forces at the Damascus airport . Al-Ghemyan was detained as she was preparing to depart the capital and taken to a military security building , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in a statement . The opposition group , which documents Syria 's anti-government movement , did not say how it confirmed her detention . Al-Ghemyan was previously detained by Syrian forces on March 4 and released on March 21 , the group said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian opposition say they have formed breakaway government council NEW : Many details have yet to emerge on the new Syrian National Council . NEW : Activists say eight people die in clashes and random gunfire on Saturday Syrian ambassador summoned over attack against U.S. ambassador , an official says
DORCHESTER , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Friends , family and colleagues paid tribute to Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy on Friday evening with a three-hour wake capped by a chorus of "  When Irish Eyes Are Smiling . " Joseph P. Kennedy II recalls how his "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the family . An estimated 45,000 people filed past the Democratic legend 's flag-draped casket at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library before the event . Connecticut Sen. Christopher Dodd , who has tried to shepherd Kennedy 's signature cause of universal health care through the Senate this year , summed up his appeal in three words : "  People liked him . " "  Some people born with a famous name live off of it . Others enrich theirs , " Dodd said . "  Teddy enriched his . " Kennedy died Tuesday night at age 77 after being ill with brain cancer for 15 months . He had represented Massachusetts in the Senate since 1962 , leaving his stamp on "  nearly every important law passed in the last half-century , " Dodd said . He became the patriarch of the first family of Democratic politics after the assassinations of his brothers , President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , during the 1960s . One of Robert Kennedy 's sons , former Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy II , fondly recounted how "  Uncle Teddy " looked after the children of his slain siblings . Watch Vice President Biden explain how Kennedy "  crept into my heart " " "  The truth of the matter is that for so many of us , we just needed someone to hang on to , and Teddy was always there to hang on to , " he said . "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us . " The wake was held at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in suburban Boston , a building "  that Teddy built and brought to life with his dedication to public service , " said the slain president 's daughter , Caroline . Kennedy 's own presidential aspirations were hobbled by the controversy around a 1969 auto accident that left a young woman dead and a 1980 primary challenge to then-President Jimmy Carter that ended in defeat . But while the White House eluded his grasp , he played major roles in passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act and the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act . "  He constantly renewed my faith and optimism in the possible , " Vice President Joe Biden said at the memorial . "  I never once saw your father with a defeatist attitude , I never saw him petty . I never saw him act in a small way , and as a consequence he made us all bigger -- both his friends , his allies and his foes . " Kennedy was an outspoken liberal standard-bearer during a conservative-dominated era from the 1980s to the early 2000s . He died as President Obama , whom Kennedy boosted in the 2008 presidential campaign , is pushing for a wide-ranging overhaul of the U.S. health insurance system , a fight the dying senator called "  the cause of my life " in a July issue of Newsweek . Kennedy was famous for his close friendships with colleagues across the Senate aisle even as his name was an anathema in Republican campaign materials . Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch said the Kennedy name was "  my very best fundraiser , " but that he developed "  a strong working relationship with and love for the man I came to fight . " Watch Hatch tell how he won a big favor from Kennedy " "  If you would have told me that he would become one of my closest friends in the world I probably would have suggested that you need professional help , " Hatch said . A visibly emotional Hatch said he last saw Kennedy "  a couple of months ago , " and the two had their picture taken together . "  That means so much to me , " Hatch said . "  I had to say it was a wonderful occasion , and I miss fighting in public and joking with him in the background . I miss all the things we knew we could do together . " Arizona Sen. John McCain , the GOP 's 2008 presidential candidate , said Kennedy "  taught me to be a better senator . " "  He was the most reliable , the most prepared and the most persistent member of the Senate , " McCain said . "  He took the long view , and he never gave up . " McCain added , "  I think most of my colleagues would agree the place wo n't be the same without him . " The senator 's funeral is scheduled for Saturday at Boston 's Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section , with at least 40 of Kennedy 's fellow senators and former presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush slated to attend . Obama , who called Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader " on Wednesday , will deliver a eulogy at the funeral , according to several sources . Prime Minister Brian Cowen of Ireland , the famous clan 's ancestral homeland , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown are also expected to attend , a family spokesman said . Kennedy will be buried Saturday evening at Arlington National Cemetery , outside Washington , 95 feet south of the grave of Sen. Robert Kennedy , which is in turn just steps away from John Kennedy 's burial site .	Joseph Kennedy : "  He had such a big heart , and he shared that heart with all of us " Family celebrates senator 's life with "  music , laughter and stories " Sen. Chris Dodd sums up Kennedy with , "  People liked him " GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch says he grew to love "  the man I came to fight "
CNN  -- NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman plans to return to North Korea in August , CNN affiliate KXJB reported Monday . Rodman , who recently visited the communist nation , said he plans to vacation with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  I do n't condone what he does , but he 's my friend , " Rodman told KXJB while in Fargo , North Dakota , for a promotional appearance . Rodman , who was giddy throughout the interview , insisted the North Korean leader does n't want war . Opinion : Do n't be fooled by Dennis Rodman 's trip to North Korea A spokesman for Rodman said Kim extended the offer during Rodman 's visit a few weeks ago . Rodman and Kim sat next to each other February 28 , watching an unusual basketball exhibition in Pyongyang , North Korea . The visit came at a time of heightened tension between the United States and North Korea , a result of Pyongyang 's pursuit of a nuclear program . Rodman and Kim : Friends for life ? Kim has made it clear that his country 's nuclear test in February signals a new phase of confrontation with the United States , which Pyongyang has described as "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " On Monday , the North Korean military scrapped the Korean War armistice agreement , according to Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party . Pyongyang scraps armistice amid heightened saber rattling Kim is known to be a big basketball fan and one of his favorite players was Chicago Bulls legend , and Rodman teammate , Michael Jordan . Rodman , 51 , was one of the greatest rebounders in NBA history , ranking 11th all-time in average rebounds per game . The defensive star helped the Detroit Pistons and Bulls win five NBA championships . The flamboyant Rodman frequently dyed his hair  sometimes many colors  , sported multiple tattoos and facial piercings . One of his autobiographies is "  I Should Be Dead By Now . " 5 ways North Korea keeps getting stranger	NEW : Spokesman says Rodman was invited to return during his February trip Rodman was known for rebounding and colorful hairstyles He visited North Korea in February , made friends with Kim Jong Un He says the supreme leader does n't want to go to war
CNN  -- England 's Courtney Lawes was handed a two-match ban on Tuesday after he was found guilty of recklessly striking his opponent with a knee during his country 's opening match of the 2011 Rugby World Cup . Lawes , 22 , made the tackle on Argentina 's Mario Ledesma during England 's 13-9 victory in Pool B on Saturday . The Northampton Saints lock will now miss England 's next two fixtures at the New Zealand tournament against Georgia on Sunday and Romania on September 24 . A plea of "  not guilty " was entered by Lawes and he now has 48 hours in which he can launch an appeal . "  Following a review of broadcast footage , Lawes was cited by Independent Citing Commissioner Murray Whyte  Ireland  under Law 10.4  a  for striking Mario Ledesma with the knee , " read a statement on the official Rugby World Cup web site . "  Taking into account mitigating factors being his excellent disciplinary record and remorse and the absence of aggravating factors , the Player was suspended for two weeks . "  In the context of the Rugby World Cup Tournament a week equates to one match . Therefore Lawes is suspended for two Rugby World Cup matches . " Lawes made his England debut in November 2009 , in an 18-9 defeat to Australia at Twickenham , and now has nine caps . The London-born player will be hoping he can still play a significant part in England 's bid to reach a third successive World Cup final .	Courtney Lawes has been handed a two-match World Cup ban The England lock was found guilty of a dangerous tackle against Argentina Lawes will now miss England 's matches with Georgia and Romania
CNN  -- Bollywood legend Amitabh Bachchan has told CNN that Indian cinema needs to move beyond traditional song-and-dance musicals amid increasing international competition in the Mumbai studios ' domestic market . Bachchan , India 's favorite film star and a regular presence in Bollywood productions for four decades , said that Indian audiences exposed to Western television and cinema expected Indian movies to be "  at least on a par with is happening in other parts of the world . " "  Technology means the common man has access to the very best in entertainment from other parts of the world almost instantly , " the 67-year-old told Connect the World . He said Indian audiences were dictating that Bollywood move away from the studio 's traditional musical love stories to deal with more serious themes . "  We do want to make different kinds of films and I think recent not-so-successful releases have indicated that audiences in India are now wanting to move away from the traditional format of escapist commercial cinema and see cinema with a greater amount of meaning , " Bachchan said . Bachchan said his latest movie , "  Pa , " in which he plays a teenager with an aging disorder which means he looks older than his own father -- played by Bachchan 's son , Abhishek -- was an example of a new style of film with broader appeal which Bollywood was capable of making . Asked whether he would ever consider roles in Hollywood to show the world his versatile talent , Bachchan said : "  I do n't think there is a great amount of versatility in my performances . " But he added : "  If there was an offer that was of interest then I would most certainly look at it . "	Amitabh Bachchan says Bollywood needs to move beyond traditional movies Bachchan : Indian audiences demanding movies with "  greater meaning " Bachchan : I do n't think there is a great amount of versatility in my performances "
CNN  -- The Archdiocese of Philadelphia barred two more priests from ministry on Friday amid allegations of child sexual abuse , bringing the tally to nine clergymen banned from the embattled church since May . Archbishop Charles Chaput said Rev. John Bowe , 64 , and Rev. David Givey , 68 , did not sexually abuse minors , but violated what the church defines as the "  boundaries of appropriate behavior in all interactions with children and young people . " "  We 're not commenting on specifics for what could be a variety of reasons , " said archdiocese spokesman Kenneth A. Gavin , who declined to elaborate . Connecticut priest charged with possession of child porn Bowe and Givey , who both have served as clergymen for nearly four decades , have the right to an appeal . They could not be immediately reached for comment Friday . The announcement leaves 12 pending cases of the 26 Philadelphia priests suspended following a February 2011 grand jury investigation into the archdiocese 's handling of child sex abuse allegations . The report determined that at least 37 priests had been permitted to keep working "  despite reports that they have engaged in improper behavior with minors . " In May , five priests were barred from ministry following a church investigation into accusations of child sex abuse . Less than three weeks later and in a separate probe , two others were barred due to allegations of sexual abuse of minors . With nearly 1.5 million members , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia is one of the largest in the nation . Friday 's announcement comes exactly two weeks after Monsignor William Lynn was convicted of child endangerment in the landmark case . The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan , who was charged with attempted rape of a 14-year-old altar boy and endangering the welfare of a child . Defrocked priest Edward Avery was due to also go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but pleaded guilty in March to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-99 school year at St. Jerome Parish . Alleged victim of clergy abuse acquitted of attacking retired priest	The Philadelphia Archdiocese bars two more priests from ministry The archdiocese says the priests did not sexually abuse minors , but violated boundaries Friday 's announcement leaves 12 pending cases of 26 Philadelphia priests suspended
Castel Gandolfo  CNN  -- Pope Francis had lunch Saturday with his predecessor , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , in what the Vatican said was the first such encounter in the history of the Roman Catholic Church . Francis , who was inaugurated as the new head of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics on Tuesday , has made some changes since taking the helm -- most notably by adopting a simpler , personal style and calling for the church to focus on serving the poor and needy . The new pontiff was flown to Castel Gandolfo by helicopter for the lunch date . He was greeted at the helipad by Benedict XVI , and the pair exchanged an embrace , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said . They then rode in a car together to the Castel Gandolfo residence . Both men wore simple white cassocks , but only Francis wore the white papal mantle and sash over his robe . The two then prayed together side-by-side in a chapel before meeting in a library at the residence for 45 minutes of talks ahead of lunch . Video footage released by the Vatican after Francis had returned to Vatican City showed the two men warmly clasping hands as they greeted each other . Benedict , who walked with the aid of a stick , looked frail and moved slowly as they entered the chapel to kneel together . Relations between Francis and his predecessor were warm and cordial , said Lombardi . Francis presented Benedict with the gift of a painting he said reminded him of the former pontiff 's gifts to the church . Their meeting was "  a moment of profound and elevated communion , " Lombardi told Vatican Radio . He suggested that Benedict would almost certainly have repeated the promise of obedience to the new pope that he gave in his final meeting with the cardinals before stepping down . The presence of both a pope and a living former pontiff has raised concerns over the potential for split loyalties within the church . Behind closed doors , pope supported civil unions in Argentina , activist says Seen , but not heard Lombardi declined to tell reporters what the pair discussed in the library , saying only that they were private talks . Vatican observers believe that one item on the agenda was the contents of a 300-page dossier presented by three cardinals to Benedict in the wake of the Vatileaks scandal . Benedict passed on the report -- ordered after leaks last year revealed claims of corruption within the Vatican hierarchy -- to his successor . Italian media reports suggested the cardinals had uncovered a series of scandals involving sex , money and power , but the Vatican press office sought to tamp down what it called a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories . " The pair may also have talked about possible appointments by Francis . The people he chooses to hold key roles may give an indication of his priorities for the church at a time when some are calling for reform and modernization of its hierarchy . They have spoken several times by telephone since Francis was elected 10 days ago , but this was their first face-to-face meeting , the Vatican said . 5 things to know about the new pope Crowds who had gathered in the small town 's central square waved and clapped as the white papal helicopter twice passed overhead before landing . Some chanted "  Francesco , Francesco " -- the pope 's name in Italian . According to police at Castel Gandolfo , the crowds numbered between 1,500 and 2,000 . Many had gathered in the hope of seeing Francis appear at a balcony to wave , but they were disappointed . Life of seclusion Francis was elected on March 13 after Benedict became the first pope in nearly 600 years to resign , citing age and frailty . A new pope usually takes the reins only following the death of his predecessor . The hilltop castle overlooking a lake is the summer papal residence and has been home to Benedict since he left Vatican City on February 28 . Benedict 's last public appearance was at a window of the castle , when he blessed the crowds below before retiring into seclusion . The pope emeritus is expected to move back to Vatican City at the end of April , once restoration work on a small monastery within its grounds is complete . There , he will devote himself to prayer and study . Benedict "  has attentively followed the events of recent days , " including Francis ' inauguration Mass before crowds of well wishers and dignitaries , the Vatican said . When the last pope to resign , Gregory XII , stepped down in 1415 it was to help resolve the worst institutional crisis in the church 's history -- a schism that had led to three rival claimants to the papacy . And when former hermit Pope Celestine V resigned in 1294 after less than six months in office , he was imprisoned soon afterward by his successor , Pope Boniface VIII . Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward Busy week ahead Pope Francis , meanwhile , is starting to get to grips with his new role now that the pomp and ceremony of his inauguration is out of the way . On Friday , he met with the Vatican diplomatic corps and thanked them for the work they do to "  build peace and construct bridges of friendship and fraternity " with some 180 states around the world . "  Through you I encounter your peoples , and thus in a sense I can reach out to every one of your fellow citizens , with their joys , their troubles , their expectations , their desires , " he said . The coming week , which leads up to Easter Sunday , will be a busy one for the new pontiff , starting with Palm Sunday Mass. . On Thursday , Francis will break with tradition by celebrating the Mass of the Lord 's Supper -- which is centered on the gesture of the washing of feet -- at the Casal del Marmo youth detention center , the Vatican said . The service has in past years been held at the grand Basilica of St. John Lateran , the official seat of the bishop of Rome . "  In his ministry as Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Cardinal Bergoglio used to celebrate the Mass in a prison or hospital or hospice for the poor and marginalized , " the Vatican said in a statement . "  With this celebration at Casal del Marmo , Pope Francis will continue his custom , which is characterized by its humble context . " It will not be the first time Francis visits the prison . He was there in March 2007 to celebrate Mass. . Peek inside the pope 's closet CNN 's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported from Castel Gandolfo and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London .	Video shows Francis and Benedict exchanging warm greetings , praying together Vatican : Meeting was "  a moment of profound and elevated communion " The new pontiff and Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI had lunch at Castel Gandolfo Vatican says this is a first , since a new pope is usually picked after the death of his predecessor
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Glynis McCants looks at Michael Jackson 's life , she sees the number five . Numerologist Glynis McCants says that with his numbers , Jackson was a draw to fans . Jackson 's talent was discovered when he was 5 years old , he came to fame as a member of the Jackson 5 and he planned a series of 50 concert dates in London , England , as part of a comeback tour before he died on June 25 at the age of 50 . For McCants , a noted numerologist and author , those facts are very telling : "  Five is the number for drama , and it was in his life his whole life . " For many fans , the lure of Michael Jackson as a performer and pop icon was magical . Those who deal in the paranormal are tuned in to that magic . Numerology deals with the influence of numbers on personal characteristics and human affairs . McCants -- who has appeared on nationally syndicated television and radio shows and is known as the "  Numbers Lady " -- said that by taking Jackson 's birth date  August 29 , 1958 , or 8/29/1958  she could chart his personality . His was "  six life path , " she said , meaning he was magnetic and drew people to him . That , coupled with the fact that he was born on a two day made him irresistible , she said . "  If you are born on a two day and are a six life path then America and the world seem to fall in love with you , " McCants said . "  It 's almost as if you always get a shot with that energy if you shoot for stardom , and then you can sabotage it , " McCants said . "  Britney Spears was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; Lindsay Lohan was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; and Sarah Palin was born on a two day , and is a six life path . " Such people , McCants said , thrive on the attention . Psychic Eddie Conner said Jackson could n't help but attract such attention , even if it resulted in a life of isolation . "  He 's an old soul with an enormous amount of creative artistic energy that pours to him and from him , " said Conner , who works as a "  soul intuitive " in Los Angeles , California , and whose clients include celebrities he declines to name . "  Whenever he 's doing his magic he 's untouchable , and I think that 's the reason everybody gravitates toward him . " And despite all of Jackson 's troubles , Conner said he believes the star will have an opportunity at success and fame again . Unlike other souls that stay in the nonphysical realm anywhere from 70 to 150 years , he said , he believes the singer 's soul will return quickly -- within the next 20 years -- because Jackson was such a perfectionist that he will want to "  pick up where he left off . " "  If not as a performer , then a Quincy Jones/Michael Jackson/whoever , the top producers that get mass -LSB- music -RSB- out to the world to uplift them , " Conner said . Fans continue to gravitate toward Jackson even as they try to make sense of his passing because mourning him reinvigorates the energy and attention surrounding him , Conner said . "  He was untouchable when he was connected to his soul and what he came to this planet to do , " Conner said . "  The average person looks at that and they believe that if they can touch it -- or have him touch them -- then maybe some of it would rub off . " The desire for such a connection can cause devastation now that Jackson is gone , said psychic consultant Jack Rourke , who has worked extensively in paranormal research and consulted for major Hollywood studios . "  Even though we 've never met Michael , people create a symbiotic relationship with this image or this person , " Rourke said . "  We project all of the positive aspects of ourselves , all of the wonderful things onto this image of perfection or near perfection that we see , and we imagine subconsciously that this person is in agreement with the deepest part of ourselves . "  When this is no longer possible because this person is gone , it creates a vacuum within us , so people need to maintain a psychological or even a spiritual stability by creating a fixed image of Jackson , " he said . Rourke said he fully expects people to come forward claiming to have communicated with Jackson , but that any credible professional psychic or medium will not attempt to connect with Jackson for at least six months to a year and will only do so at the behest of a family member or an intimate friend of the singer . In the meantime , Conner said fans can still reach out to the singer 's energy in a simple way : "  The greatest way to connect with Michael is through listening to his music . "	Numerologist says Michael Jackson 's numbers add up to charisma Paranormal professionals see Jackson as out of this world Psychic believes Jackson will be reincarnated within 20 years Loss of Jackson "  creates a vacuum " psychic consultant says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Doctors prescribed 2,360 pills to Anna Nicole Smith in the month before her death , a number that prosecutors told jurors Tuesday was evidence of a conspiracy to feed her drug addiction . "  You 've all heard she was a strong gal , " said Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney Renee Rose during her closing argument Tuesday . "  But when she 's medicated , she 's way more compliant . " Rose argued that her boyfriend-lawyer Howard K. Stern conspired with two doctors to keep the reality TV star drugged much of the last three years of her life . On the judge 's advice , Rose kept her closing arguments to four hours , less than the full day she had predicted she would use Tuesday . Defense lawyers began their closing arguments Tuesday afternoon , making it likely the jury would begin deliberations in the two-month trial by Thursday . In their closing arguments Monday , prosecutors portrayed the actress as a lying , drug-seeking , out-of-control addict who manipulated two doctors to write excessive prescriptions for dangerous drugs over the last three years of her life . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Barkhurst used two Norman Rockwell portraits to show jurors "  what doctors should do , " while painting Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor as physicians who fed Smith 's addiction instead of treating her illnesses . Doctors have a responsibility to protect patients "  even from themselves , " Barkhurst said . Stern and the doctors are accused of conspiring to feed the reality TV star and Playboy model 's drug addiction and using false names to obtain the drugs . The defendants are not charged in Smith 's February 2007 death , which a Florida medical examiner ruled was from an accidental overdose of a sleep aid , a lethal mix of prescription drugs and a viral flu . Judge Robert Perry has been highly critical of the prosecution 's case , suggesting it was built from "  a dead celebrity and a bunch of low-level misdemeanors . " The judge said he decided to allow the case to go forward after another respected judge advised him to trust the jury system . Perry has questioned whether the prosecution has proved that Smith was an addict , as defined by California law , and not just dependent on drugs to relieve chronic pain . "  If she 's being treated for pain , it 's not illegal , " Perry said last week . Barkhurst , the first of two prosecutors to deliver closing arguments , said that at some point during the last three years of Smith 's life , Eroshevich and Kapoor were no longer treating Smith 's pain , "  but were prescribing to treat her addiction . " "  There is not a single physical test done on Anna Nicole Smith during the time Dr. Kapoor is treating her , " Barkhurst said . He also said that Eroshevich kept no medical records of her care for Smith , but simply used her "  prescription pad power " to provide controlled drugs to her . Both doctors crossed ethical lines by developing personal friendships with Smith , Barkhurst told jurors . "  A doctor ca n't be both a physician and a friend , " Barkhurst said . He reminded jurors of photos shown earlier of Eroshevich naked with Smith in a hot tub at her Bahamas home months before her death . "  She is writing prescriptions to keep Anna Nicole euphoric , not to treat a medical condition , " the prosecutor said . He also read entries from Kapoor 's personal diary , written after he and Smith attended a gay pride event . "  I was making out with Anna , my patient , blurring the lines , " Kapoor 's diary said . Another diary entry was evidence Kapoor knew his prescriptions for Smith were illegal , Barkhurst said . "  I give her methadone , Valium . Can she ruin me ? " Evidence that Smith was an addict dates back to 1996 , when she voluntarily entered the Betty Ford Clinic , he argued . Kapoor should have recognized that Smith was an addict when she first came to his office in April 2004 and asked for one of the most powerful painkillers available , Barkhurst said . "  Anna Nicole Smith liked Dilaudid , " he said . "  She asked for what she liked . " Kapoor gave her another prescription for Dilaudid six weeks later , when Smith complained of pain from two ribs broken in a May 27 , 2004 , Jet Ski accident . "  If she was on Dilaudid at the time she cracked her ribs , certainly she should n't be on a Jet Ski , " Barkhurst said . Kapoor ordered no X-rays or tests and did not take the time to call another doctor who treated her the day of the accident , he said . Smith got Dilaudid from four different doctors that month , he said . A doctor who treated Smith at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in June 2006 testified that she concluded Smith was addicted to drugs , Barkhurst told jurors . When Dr. Natalie Maullin asked Kapoor then if Smith had any addiction issues , Kapoor laughed and said there have been some issues , Barkhurst said . Two charges against Stern were thrown out by Perry , who questioned the evidence that Stern , a lawyer , knew it was illegal to get drugs in multiple names . "  It has all the hallmarks of a kitchen sink prosecution , " Perry said last week . "  It looks like the prosecution is throwing everything in with the hope that something will survive . " Perry hinted that if the defendants are found guilty , he would consider "  possible selective prosecution issues " when sentencing them . During the trial , prosecutors showed a 13-minute video of Smith bathing with her infant daughter months before her death to support their argument that Smith 's speech was slurred and her mind was groggy from drugs . Jurors were not allowed to see the video , which also shows Smith talking in a childlike manner during a birthday party for a 9-year-old girl . The defense does not deny that Smith took a lot of drugs , but it says the doctors were treating her for chronic pain that other doctors had also diagnosed . The prosecution 's case was hampered by several key witnesses ' recanting details of earlier statements , including a former nanny who said she never saw Stern injecting Smith with a needle . "  In Session " Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecution concludes closing argument Tuesday afternoon Prosecution argues Smith 's doctors fed her drug addiction The judge has been critical of the prosecution 's case Two counts against Smith 's lawyer-boyfriend were tossed out
Washington  CNN  Just when you thought it was safe to go back on the Republican campaign trail , Sarah Palin and Donald Trump are back . All it took to set Twitter abuzz at the first big GOP campaign bash at the weekend was for The Donald and the 2008 vice presidential nominee to clear their throats and muse , yet again , about presidential campaigns . But the idea that they 're both seriously searching their souls and considering a run for the White House does n't pass the smell test . Trump and Palin are now more at the reality show end of the political spectrum than serious contenders -- but they sure know how to get a headline . They snatched more than their fair share of attention at Congressman Steve King 's cattle call in Iowa on Saturday -- even as an impressive line-up of bona fide potential candidates tried to road test early 2016 messaging . There are serious candidates out there who are almost certainly running for president -- including Chris Christie , Rick Perry , Ted Cruz , Rick Santorum , Carly Fiorina and Mike Huckabee , all of whom were at the Iowa event . And there are those who just want some people to believe they might , just , might , run . Given all the available evidence , Palin and Trump belong in the latter category . Both are past masters at self publicity and appeared to view the massive media spotlight of the first big campaign event in Iowa as a great opportunity at the start of another campaign cycle . Palin launched a bizarre , stream of consciousness rant against Hollywood the left , President Barack Obama and the strange social media palaver whipped up by pictures of her son Trig standing on his labrador . Her performance was all the more odd since she had deliberately raised expectations that she might be mulling a return to top-level politics ahead of the speech . She told ABC News that anyone like her with a "  servant 's heart " had no choice but to think about it . Then , after bumping into reporters at a Des Moines hotel , Palin said "  who would n't be interested ? " , according to The Washington Post . So is Palin really considering a run for president ? SEE ALSO : Jeb 's invisible man strategy Her largely inconsequential speech offered easy ammunition for her political enemies , making for an ineffective start . And there 's no evidence that Palin is taking the serious moves needed of a candidate in an age when the price of entry for the presidential sweep stakes is millions of dollars . There 's also no buzz that Palin has sounded out top party donors or wants to snap up big name consultants . Though some of her attack lines hit their mark with the audience of conservative activists , Palin was a pale imitation of the rock star who burst onto the scene in 2008 showing raw and rare political talent . And the notion of a Palin presidential campaign seems a lot more remote than when she teased a run , but ultimately decided against it , in the last presidential cycle . Her performance on Saturday dismayed key figures in conservative media , including some who thought she was unfairly put to the sword by the press in 2008 . Conservative columnist Byron York wrote in his Washington Examiner column that the Republican Party has a Palin problem . "  If there is indeed nothing behind her ` seriously interested ' talk -- and it appears there is not -- should she be included in events leading up to the 2016 caucuses ? " York wrote . Conservative blogger Erick Erickson meanwhile said Palin 's speech was best "  left uncommented on . " Democrats are jubilant . Democratic National Committee communications director Mo Elleithee put out a simple statement reading "  Thank you . " The pro-Clinton super PAC Ready for Hillary fired out a fundraising email on the back of Palin 's comments . SEE ALSO : Pro-Clinton group raises money off Palin speech Trump meanwhile used the Freedom Summit to relaunch his own political sideshow , in mothballs since his 2012 presidential musings and his campaign to get Obama to publish his birth certificate . But he touched raw nerves in the GOP , launching a fierce attack on potential establishment frontrunners Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney who skipped the event . His broadsides seemed to fly in the face of efforts by party bosses to remove the circus atmosphere which marred the 2012 GOP presidential debates . ` Mitt had his chance , " he said . "  He should have won and he choked . You do n't want to give a choker a second chance . " "  We 've had enough of the Bushes , " Trump blasted . There is a long tradition of long-shot candidates launching presidential runs without any expectation of victory . While many hope lightning will strike -- comparative unknowns like Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama built campaigns in Iowa that ended at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue -- most know it wo n't . But running for president in Iowa , even if you do n't make it to the caucuses themselves can be a good career move . Former Gov. Tom Vilsack for instance parlayed a campaign that never got off the ground into a job as secretary of the Agriculture Department . Other candidates -- like Democratic gadfly Dennis Kucinich and libertarian Ron Paul -- have used presidential campaigns to build personal political brands . Joe Biden got less than 1 % of the votes in the Iowa caucuses in 2008 -- but ended up as a two-term vice president . In each of those cases , the candidates offered more steak than sizzle ; more policy than pizzazz . And then there are those like Trump , who thrives on attention , and Palin , who needs to maintain a brand on the fringes of conservative media , for whom the oxygen of publicity as a new campaign grinds into gear seems too enticing to ignore .	Sarah Palin and Donald Trump flirt with media with 2016 talk No sign of serious campaigns But candidates have an incentive to keep their names in the frame
CNN  -- Imagine that Ted Cruz became the GOP nominee for president in 2016 , running against Hillary Clinton . And now imagine that he won the general election in a landslide , getting record-high vote percentage for the Republicans and capturing states and constituencies the GOP had not won for decades . That seemingly unlikely scenario is the rough equivalent of what happened in India last week , when Narendra Modi , head of India 's conservative , pro-business Bharatiya Janata Party , or BJP , and bte noire among the Delhi and Mumbai smart sets , led his coalition to the best general election performance in India in three decades . Modi will lead India 's first majority government not run by the Congress party , which has ruled India for the vast majority of its 67 years of Independence . While Modi 's electoral success first and foremost has implications for India , it has broader lessons to teach as well , ones that Republicans might do well to heed as they attempt to develop a working majority in America 's own increasingly multicultural democracy , which , however fractious , pales in comparison to the complex vagaries of Indian politics . That Modi has managed to create a broad conservative and pro-market parliamentary majority in a country with more than 1.2 billion people , numerous ethnic groups , thousands of castes , and 22 official languages is , to say the least , no small feat . To understand Modi , and the implications of his victory for American conservatives , one must begin by understanding the existing social and political landscape of Indian elites . The Congress Party , which for decades has championed welfare programs and central planning as its economic identity , has long been India 's "  natural " ruling party . Congress is more internationalist in its origins , and is favored by India 's upper classes and intelligentsia . The BJP , meanwhile , is the party of the Hindu heartland , culturally and religiously conservative , and generally speaking , far more supportive of the free market than Congress . The BJP is also supported by businessmen and industrialists , and increasingly , India 's rising middle class . In fashionable drawing rooms of Delhi , the BJP is frequently treated with dismissal and derision , similar to that faced by Republicans from the Hamptons to Hollywood . It is a measure of elites ' continued control of India 's image in both the national and international media , that Modi was regularly referred to in the media as "  divisive " even after winning a popular mandate unprecedented in the last several decades . So how did Modi , long dismissed as unelectable , manage to win an unprecedented electoral mandate for his conservative party without compromising on his principles , and what can the GOP learn from him ? First , he embraced populist conservative themes consistently against his entitled and out-of-touch opponent , Rahul Gandhi , who claimed to speak for India 's common man while living a life of luxury . Modi regularly mocked Gandhi , drawing attention to his role as the scion of a political dynasty that has ruled India dating back to his great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru . As long as the GOP faces Hillary Clinton and nominates someone without the last name Bush , it will have a compelling similar story to tell . Potential candidates like Marco Rubio and Bobby Jindal , both children of immigrants , will provide a welcome contrast to the privileged daughter of Wellesley and wife of the former President On economics , in the face of a Congress Party that endlessly discussed continued expansion of India 's notoriously corrupt and inefficient safety net , Modi relentlessly focused on growth and economic opportunity . His positive message was about growing the pie , not sharing the crumbs , and could have been taken out of the playbook of free market conservatives from Jack Kemp to Ronald Reagan . Furthermore , Modi 's electoral wave decimated the Communist parties in India , which have long been a powerful national force and now find themselves with just 10 seats in the 543-seat Lok Sabha , India 's most powerful legislative body . Modi referred many times to his successful leadership of more than a decade of the Indian state of Gujarat , where numerous Indian and international businessmen testified to the way Modi 's government streamlined regulations , cut through India 's notorious red tape , and put people to work . Compared to other Indian states , Gujarat 's governance was known for its efficiency and probity . Conservative economic reformers from Paul Ryan to Scott Walker can take lessons from Modi 's successful challenge to the establishment . Throughout his career , Modi has also been an unapologetic social conservative . His political origins are in the RSS , a group that would be considered nationalist Hindu fundamentalists  somewhat politically analogous to conservative evangelical Christians in the United States  . But while not backing down at all from his views during the campaign , he did not make them the focus of his effort $ " and in India as in America , focus and message matters . Indians , like Americans , were most focused on the economy , and for that reason , Modi 's campaign made sure he was , too . Republican cultural and religious conservatives could do well to study Modi 's campaign tactics for winning with unapologetic social conservatism without scaring off moderate voters . Also notably , though Modi comes from a low-caste background in a country in which it is often said that "  people do not cast their vote they vote their caste , " he did n't play the "  caste card , " nor did he allow it to be played against him . Instead , he dramatically expanded the BJP 's appeal beyond its traditional upper-caste base , and in the process , he decimated the electoral clout of corrupt caste-based hucksters who have typically wielded heavy influence in North India 's Hindu heartland . Modi 's BJP campaigned seriously in areas where the BJP had never contested before . He did n't talk about India 's 47 % . In India at least , identity politics has been trumped for the time being by the politics of prosperity . For those from Rand Paul to Susana Martinez looking to write a new GOP narrative on race , Modi 's campaign offered an example of forthrightly addressing a core issue of group identity without pandering . On foreign policy , he projected strength and confidence without unnecessary saber rattling . Pakistan frequently tested the Congress government , according to militants who said it tacitly cooperated with terrorist infiltrations and other provocations , most notably the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai that killed and wounded hundreds . They will likely be more cautious about testing Modi , who was persistently critical of Congress ' often-timid reaction to Pakistani provocations , particularly on their contested border . Here Modi 's example would offer much to a GOP that has wearied of neoconservative interventionism , but is also critical of Obama 's passivity and worries that our failure to draw bright lines around our interests has invited provocation . Modi won on not just substance , but style : He refused to let the traditional media play gatekeeper , instead skillfully using social media to reach out to India 's rapidly urbanizing professional classes , to whose aspirations for good governance he spoke so strongly . At a time in which the Republicans find themselves flatfooted in technology compared to the Democrats , Modi ran technological rings around his liberal adversaries . Some cautions are in order , of course . Campaigning is not governing , and , as Prime Minister , Modi a relative novice on the national and international stage , may not be successful . He must also continue to deal with the legacy of serious religious violence that occurred in Gujarat during his first term as chief minister that left more than 1,000 dead and caused international concern . While India 's Supreme Court cleared him of charges that his government did not act decisively enough against the rioters , he was still blamed by others , including the United States , which refused him an entry visa . There is little doubt that given Modi 's history , he will be under a great deal of scrutiny to make sure the tragedies of 2002 are not repeated nationally . But whether Modi succeeds or fails in governing , the GOP could learn a number of lessons from his successful campaign , one that showed how an allegedly "  extreme " candidate of a party disdained by media and cultural elites can achieve unprecedented electoral success without sacrificing its principles . In that vein , it is perhaps appropriate that Modi began his professional life selling tea in his family 's tea stall . In more ways than one , he represents the victory of India 's tea party .	Jeremy Carl : Narendra Modi 's victory in India can teach U.S. Republicans some lessons He says Modi was able to gain a majority in a complex nation of 1.2 billion people Modi focused on the economy and expanded his party 's appeal to wider base , he says Carl : Modi did n't let media define him and made skillful use of social media
CNN  -- A father and son from Pennsylvania were charged this week with making threats to former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , her family and lawyer . The men , identified as Shawn Christy , 47 , and Craig Christy , 22 , were indicted by an Alaska grand jury Wednesday , according to court documents . They were arrested in Pennsylvania on Thursday , CNN affiliate WFMZ reported . The two are accused of calling Palin 's attorney more than 400 times between August 1 and August 9 , and leaving profanity-laced messages with threats of sexual assault on Palin , death threats and kidnappings , according to court documents . "  I 'm going to ransom your f -- children . By the time I 'm done you 're going to be nobody , " one of the messages allegedly said . Palin and the attorney had a restraining order against both men . In some of the messages , the men allegedly mentioned that they knew they were violating the restraining order , court documents said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	The two are arrested in Philadelphia on Thursday The two allegedly left messages about sexual assault on Palin and death threats Palin and her attorney had a restraining order against the two
CNN  -- Police reports that the suspects in the deadly Boston bombings were planning to extend the killing spree to New York barely qualifies as news in our city . New Yorkers have lived through too much , too often , to get jumpy at the prospect of a failed attack by a pair of isolated maniacs . That might seem strange to outsiders , but New York has come to accept its status as the world 's No. 1 terrorist target -- and defiantly refused to cower or collapse . This is the place , remember , that recently marked the 20-year anniversary of the awful day when Kuwaiti-born Ramzi Yousef drove a rented truck into a parking lot beneath the World Trade Center and exploded a bomb . Six people were murdered , and more than 1,000 injured . With the hindsight of history , we now know the 1993 bombing was , in the words of the FBI , "  something of a deadly dress rehearsal " for the terrible attack of 9/11 that destroyed the twin towers . But it was also a wake-up call to federal investigators , who uncovered a vast , frightening plot to wreak havoc in the city . In 1995 , a jury convicted 10 men -- led by blind , Egyptian-born Omar Abdel Rahman -- of conspiring to bomb the United Nations , two major tunnels and a bridge , along with a federal office building . Had the plot succeeded , it could have killed countless thousands of innocent people . Ever since then , New York and federal authorities have been on a high alert that has never relaxed . New York is where the first Joint Terrorism Task Force was created in the 1980s ; it combines personnel from different federal , state and local law enforcement agencies under the same roof to minimize conflicts and confusion in the effort . Year after year , New Yorkers have grown accustomed to press conferences featuring the FBI , customs officials , New York police and other agencies revealing startling plots to bomb bridges , subways , airports , banks , synagogues and other targets . In 2009 , a tip to the task force broke up a ring that was planning to bomb the subways . In 2010 , Faisal Shahzad was arrested less than three days after trying to explode a car bomb in the middle of Times Square . In 2011 , a man named Jose Pimentel was arrested on terrorism charges in a plot to bomb various sites around the city  his trial is pending  , and in 2012 a Bangladeshi-born student named Quazi Nafis tried to detonate a bomb in front of the New York Federal Reserve Bank  he pleaded guilty and now faces a life sentence  . But even with one scary plot after another , New York has set record high numbers for tourism and residents . One of the most thriving neighborhoods , in fact , is the area near the World Trade Center , where a new , taller tower is nearly complete . One reason for the confidence of New Yorkers is the extraordinary visibility and ingenuity of the New York Police Department . For example , officers are permanently stationed at the entrances of the city 's major bridges and tunnels , and police frogmen dive into city rivers every day , checking the bases of the bridges for bombs . Police regularly stage anti-terrorism drills in which dozens of officers from all over the city are directed to converge quickly on a central spot , a practice run to minimize confusion if they need to swarm into an area during a real attack . And the New York police have officers stationed in 11 cities around the world , tasked with tracking international anti-terrorism efforts and going to the scene of terrorist attacks . Their job , in the words of Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , is to ask "  the New York question " : What can we learn that will shed light on possible dangers in the city ? The international team also directly relays information back to the New York Police Department intelligence division . So when Kelly and Mayor Michael Bloomberg held a press conference to announce that the Boston Marathon bombing suspects were planning to travel to Times Square to cause further mayhem , New Yorkers pretty much shrugged it off . To an extraordinary extent -- and with good reason -- the city considers itself on permanent alert , with a high level of vigilance that is our best protection . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Police say Boston bombing suspects planning to strike in Times Square He says news did n't faze New Yorkers used to constant vigilance , police presence He says plots since 1993 have made city build mighty , far-flung security infrastructure
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is betting that the snap elections that he has called this month will bolster support for the sweeping economic reforms he has introduced since taking power in 2012 . But if the gripes of small business owners like vegetable seller Kazuhiro Ooba are any gauge , Abe will have his work cut out . Ooba has turned off some of the lights in his Yokohama store to save on electricity after his bills rose 30 % in a year , and he says his customers are in no mood to spend . "  The money will trickle down from big corporations , according to Prime Minister Abe , " he says . "  Where is it ? It has not reached to the people who work hard every day on the ground . " Economic woes Abe is painting the December 14 election as a referendum on his economic policies , the much-vaunted "  three arrows " of "  Abenomics , " the stimulus and economic reform package upon which the leader has staked his reputation . An unexpected dip into recession has dealt his flagship economic policies a blow , however , prompting the snap election . Almost half of voters polled for two recent opinion surveys said that the economy and jobs were the main issues for them . "  The election will be held to ask the public whether we will  move  forward with Abenomics or end it , " Abe said when announcing the closure of parliament . Campaigning for the 475 seats of the lower house of parliament that are up for grabs starts on Tuesday and polls put support for the ruling Liberal Democratic Party  LDP  around 30 % , and between 10 % and 13 % for the Democratic Party of Japan  DPJ  , the main opposition party . The LDP has been enormously successful in the postwar years , essentially having remained in power since 1955 . During this period , the DPJ have only governed twice , briefly in the 1990s and again from 2009 to 2012 . Strange timing An election was n't required until late 2016 , which has led to considerable speculation as to why Abe , with a sizable majority in the lower house -- 295 out of the 475 seats -- would risk ceding power so early . E. Keith Henry , analyst and founder of Asia Strategy , a Tokyo-based government policy consultancy , told CNN he found the timing "  puzzling . " "  Why call an election when you have such a dominant position ? " Indeed , polls suggest that a majority of the public do n't understand why Abe is calling an election at this time , and are critical of the cost during another period of recession . Voter turnout is expected to be low . "  There is a mental malaise in Japan which is responsible for the economic malaise  of the post-economic bubble years  , " Henry said . One rationale for the election is that Abe is simply consolidating his position before "  news gets worse , " says Jeff Kingston , director of Asian Studies at Temple University Japan . The opposition is weak , and in disarray , he says , and now is an ideal opportunity to "  lock in a two year extension " to the prime minister 's majority in the Japan 's parliament . "  There 's no great time  to hold an election  , " Kingston told CNN . "  This is the least-worst time . " CNN Money : Japanese voters to give verdict on Abenomics Place in the world While the election is being framed largely in economic terms , Japanese voters have plenty of other concerns , including the country 's energy policy . The ruling party is in favor of restarting the country 's nuclear reactors -- which were mothballed in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster . Local city assemblymen voted in October to fire up two reactors at the Sendai power plant in Kagoshima in Japan 's south . And Japanese are reflecting on their place in the world after Abe earlier this year issued a re-interpretation of Japan 's pacifist constitution to allow for a greater degree of self-defence . Hardline approaches toward China traditionally appeal to Japan 's voters , and tensions over maritime territorial disputes with neighbor China have intensified in recent years . The role of women in public and corporate life is also under scrutiny . The Yomiuri Shimbun , a conservative newspaper , estimates that only 184 female candidates will run in the December 14 election , about 16 % of the total . Abe says that he has long championed women in the workplace , but as traditions die hard in conservative Japan , the number of married women with children and jobs remains low . Gamble Ultimately , Abe 's election gamble will only pay off if he can convince the average salaryman or woman that his economic policies will benefit ordinary Japanese . While a key component of Abenomics has been extra government spending , a sales tax hike this year and rising costs have taken their toll on small businesses and their customers . In a bit to boost his election fortunes , Abe delayed a sales tax hike planned for October 2015 . His special adviser on economic affairs Etsuro Honda , has called for a further $ 25 billion in cash handouts and tax cuts to kickstart the economy . But it 's not clear whether this will be enough to satisfy voters . "  Abenomics is no good at all , " said Shuichi Kobayashi , the fourth-generation owner of a 100 year-old tofu shop owner in Tokyo , who is finding recent economic conditions a threat to his livelihood . "  Our life is getting tough . " WATCH : Japan delays tax hike and calls for election READ MORE : Japan profile : Tradition , innovation and 21st Century	Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe calls snap election for December 14 He 's framing the election as a referendum on his much-vaunted ` Abenomics ' economic policies Analysts suggest he may be shoring up power Other issues are important to Japanese voters , but may not get much play in this election
CNN  -- Zimbabwe has known only one leader in its entire 33-year history as an independent nation , and President Robert Mugabe hopes that does n't change any time soon . Voters head to the polls Wednesday for the first time since the violence-marred election in 2008 to choose between the 89-year-old incumbent and his arch political rival-turned-prime minister , Morgan Tsvangirai . Interactive : Democracy in Africa As the July 31 vote day approaches , Zimbabwean election officials and some human rights organizations are giving sharply different assessments on the likely validity of the vote . Once again , there are allegations that Mugabe 's government is targeting the opposition through military intimidation and arrests , and that it is padding the voter list . But the deputy chairwoman of Zimbabwe 's Electoral Commission insists that the country is ready for the elections , and vowed the outcome will be valid . "  Elections will be credible , free and fair , " Joyce Kazembe told the South African Press Association this week . Some 600 foreign observers are monitoring the ballot , in addition to 6,000 local monitors , according to SAPA . Zimbabwe did not invite Western observers to monitor the elections because of sanctions imposed on Mugabe and his top officials for rights abuses . The African Union , which has sent more than 60 members to monitor the elections , has also expressed confidence in the process . "  The environment in Zimbabwe so far reassures us that that the conditions are good for the election to be held on July 31 , " Aisha Abdullahi , AU commissioner for political affairs , said at a news conference last week , according to SAPA . Some observers say that the country may not be as ready as the African Union and Zimbabwe officials suggest . A Human Rights Watch investigation last month found that the Zimbabwe national army "  has deployed soldiers across the country , intimidating , beating , and otherwise abusing perceived supporters of the Movement for Democratic Change or those critical of the government . " Zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries Zimbabwe 's government has also arrested lawyers and members of organizations they see as threatening , according to Beatrice Mtetwa , a human rights lawyer based in Zimbabwe . "  Certainly in the last nine months we 've seen a lot of civil society activists being arrested , " Mtetwa told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last month . "  I also believe that my arrest is part of that crackdown because they want as few human rights lawyers to be out there during the election period as they can manage to stop , " she added . Mtetwa was detained in March after she asked police for a search warrant when they searched one of her clients ' homes , Amnesty International documented . When she told the police that what they were doing was "  unlawful , unconstitutional , illegal and undemocratic , " she was arrested for "  obstructing the course of justice . " There are also concerns that the voter roll may be inaccurate . More than 1 million people on the roll were found to be either deceased or departed , while 63 constituencies had more registered voters than inhabitants , according to a report last month by Research and Advocacy Unit , a Harare-based non-governmental research organization . "  Such statistics suggest that the gap between the ideal and the actual impinges upon the integrity of Zimbabwe 's electoral process , " the report stated . Opposition party leaders and observers have called for postponement of elections , saying that more time is required to establish a transparent voting process . At a news conference on Friday -- just five days before the election -- Tsvangirai said that "  there is clear evidence of manipulation " in poll preparations . Tsvangirai claimed that ballot papers cast in his favor during early voting for security services were discovered tossed in a bin . "  There is a desperate attempt to subvert the people 's will , " he said . Early voting for security services members has already seen problems due to shortages of ballot papers and voting ink . Out of 63,268 people who were eligible to vote in the early polling , only 37,108 voted , according to Kazembe . Tsvangirai and the Southern Africa Development Community have urged Mugabe to delay the ballot . There are fears that this election could descend into violence like the last election in 2008 , which resulted in a runoff . Tsvangirai pulled out of the runoff , citing intimidation , torture , mutilation and murder of his supporters . Regional leaders dismissed Zimbabwe 's 2008 election as a sham , and the SADC pressured Mugabe to form a power-sharing agreement with Tsvangirai and his opposition Movement for Democratic Change . As a result , the two bitter rivals entered into an uneasy governing coalition in 2009 . Some 6.4 million voters in Zimbabwe -- about half of the country 's population -- will be eligible to cast their ballots on Wednesday , according to the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission . The elections will be held under a new constitution endorsed in a referendum in March that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the new charter does not apply retroactively . Last week , Mugabe had a few words for critics of the upcoming election . In response to criticisms from the United States on his push for elections without key reforms , Mugabe said at a rally , "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please . " Opinion : Africa 's rocky road to democracy	Zimbabwe 's presidential elections are next week The last vote in 2008 was marred by violence Robert Mugabe , 89 , has been the country 's only president
Washington  CNN  -- When Genevieve Jeuck and Michael Sallemi came up with their romantic little idea , it seemed perfect . They would get married in early October on the rim of the Grand Canyon , just as the cooling winds of autumn were starting to blow . With family and friends standing by , they would pledge their love to each other . Cue the rainbow , and the cry of the circling eagle . Then their uncle showed up . Uncle Sam . And everything went to hell . "  Well , I 've been going through a lot of emotions , " Genevieve said after the government shutdown put the canyon off limits , and their plans on ice . "  I cried . I was freaking out . I had to make all new plans . " She is not alone . About two dozen couples planned to tie the knot in National Parks over the next few days , and now they ca n't even pitch a pup tent . "  We 've been joking , " Genevieve says , "  that the government is going to put a tarp over  the canyon  so we ca n't see it . " Party politics fuel shutdown blame game Stubborn Republicans or dogmatic Democrats Listen to Democrats , and the government shutdown is a tale of recklessly stubborn Republicans driving the country into a chasm . Listen to Republicans , and it 's a story of cleverly dogmatic Democrats who would rather see calamity than make a deal . But listen to many voters and you 'll hear a question : How is it possible that both parties have failed so badly in the relatively simple task of keeping the federal government open for business ? "  If I do n't perform at my job , then I do n't get paid , " Michael , the canyon-stranded groom says . "  That should hold true for other people . " It is simple to measure the impact of the shutdown in numbers : more than 843,000 employees may be told to pack up their staplers and go home until they are called back ; a billion dollars a week could be falling out of the economy as a result of the cut in federal spending . Business lost , research halted : Impacts of the shutdown An emotional rollercoaster It is also easy to understand why furloughed federal workers are angry . After all , one of the perks of government employment has traditionally been stability . Not so much anymore . Along the National Mall , a woman leaving her government office for what , at the moment , is an undetermined period of time looked disgusted . "  We 've been on an emotional rollercoaster for a while . " Defense worker Rob Merritt has already taken a hit to his income this year from the forced budget cuts , and he is struggling with unexpected medical bills . While he waits to see how long and severe the shutdown is , he fears for his family of six . "  If we were to go into a moderate government shutdown , I 'd probably have to file for bankruptcy . " "  Federal workers have nothing to do with bringing about the government shutdown , " says William Dougan . He 's the head of the National Federation of Federal Employees and adds , "  but they are the ones who are going to feel the impact of it the greatest . " But frustration is echoing among many other Americans , too ; from cities , to the countryside , to the valleys of all those empty national parks . Ridiculous closures Part of it is the sheer ridiculousness of what has been caught in the financial and political vise . At the National Zoo , there will be no more "  panda cam " for those keeping track of those little black and white balls of fur . Also , in case you 're counting , no tiger , orangutan , or clawed otter cams . In orbit , American astronauts will apparently be just fine on the International Space Station , but we wo n't be able to spy on them through NASA TV . It also appeared for a while that no one would be watching for asteroids hurtling toward the earth , then the space agency tweeted "  To clarify : Many observatories ... are watching the sky . " That did not stop the galactic snarkiness from Benjamin Barnes , who tweeted right back , "  But we 're all still gon na die , right ? " And on the football field , Air Force may not play Navy this weekend as scheduled . Apparently the cost of travel is an issue , although perhaps they no longer have a coin to toss for the kickoff either . Boehner learned hard lesson in failed House coup Blocking vets Within a short walk of both the Capitol and the White House , one scene captivated what is clearly maddening about the situation for all sorts of people . A group of veterans from Mississippi , many in wheelchairs , came to Washington to see the World War II Memorial , only to find the open-air site fenced off . After some consternation , the fences were pushed aside . A bagpiper played , the vets went in , and guards just looked on while members of Congress on hand railed about the stupidity of the whole scene . Democratic Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa : "  I do n't get it . I 'm furious . " Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert from Texas : "  We 've got park service employees out here . Why would n't you have them here to allow the veterans in , instead of stand and keep them from coming in ? " Shutdown : Obama blames GOP ` ideological crusade ' Who 's at fault ? To be sure , there is enough blame out there to choke a horse . Polls show the Republicans taking the worst of it , but Democrats and President Obama are also being hammered for their part in the debacle . By late afternoon , the growing tide of unrest seemed to be having some effect . Republican Congressman Scott Rigell from Virginia , while still opposing Obamacare , was telling CNN 's Dana Bash he 'd like to see a deal to make it all stop . "  Now we 're at a point ... what are we fighting for ? I do n't think the continued shutdown helps our conservative agenda . " Indeed , few are arguing that this leap into the economic abyss will help anyone , except voters who might yet want more reasons to think badly of the whole D.C. crowd .	The government shutdown is already having real-world consequences Engaged couples to federal employees are feeling the brunt Even NASA has had its capabilities limited by the shutdown
CNN  -- Community organization ACORN is fighting back after allegations that it is trying to register voters fraudulently and to swing the presidential election for Democrat Barack Obama . ACORN Executive Director Steve Kest announces the group 's lawsuits and television spot Wednesday . The group this week released a 30-second TV ad calling on Republican candidate John McCain to stop "  attempts at voter suppression across the country . " It also said it was filing several lawsuits around the country to halt the alleged suppression . Republicans have "  challenged election officials , and they 've filed lawsuits in an effort to thwart these new voters -- our citizens -- from casting their votes on Tuesday . This effort must be stopped , " Delaware ACORN board member Hugh Alleyne said during a news conference Wednesday . Watch ACORN , conservatives spar " ACORN contends it tried to help authorities head off election fraud . "  In nearly every case that has been reported , it was ACORN that discovered the bad forms and called them to the attention of election authorities , putting the forms in a package that identified them in writing as suspicious , encouraging election officials to investigate , and offering to help with prosecutions , " ACORN said in an October 9 news release . On Friday , a Pennsylvania judge rejected state Republican Party demands to obtain lists of voters registered by ACORN . The judge , Robert Simpson , said the Pennsylvania Republicans failed to convince him of the need for a preliminary injunction that would have required immediate action in the final days before the election . The state GOP accuses ACORN of widespread fraud in helping register some 140,000 voters in Pennsylvania . "  This kind of manufactured crisis is masking -LSB- Republican -RSB- efforts to keep voters from voting , " ACORN spokeswoman Ali Kronley told CNN . The top lawyer representing the Pennsylvania Republicans said they were "  disappointed . " But , Heather Heidelbaugh added , the wording of the court order indicates the judge thinks ACORN has problems . Simpson said he would favor "  expedited discovery " should someone want to pursue "  evidence that in Pennsylvania practices of ACORN Outreach Workers can encourage duplicate voter registration . " In Lake County , Indiana , nearly half of the 5,000 registrations ACORN submitted in early October were not good . Indiana 's Republican Secretary of State Todd Rokita has requested a criminal investigation , and federal law enforcement officials are considering whether to open a federal investigation based on state reports . During the October 15 presidential debate , McCain said ACORN "  may be destroying the fabric of American democracy . " Officials for ACORN -- which stands for Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- calls such statements hysteria , but acknowledge that some of their hires have turned in improper voter registrations . On its Web site , the group contends that those employees were lazy and did n't want to work for their pay , making ACORN , not the public , the victim . Those workers have been fired and some even prosecuted , and the false registrations have not led to voter fraud , the group contends . "  Even the general counsel of the RNC -LSB- Republican National Committee -RSB- has acknowledged that he can not cite a single example of an improper vote having been cast as a result of alleged voter registration fraud , " ACORN Executive Director Steve Kest said . Former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell , who headed up President Bush 's 2004 campaign in Ohio , has said that Obama once was an organizer and trainer for ACORN . Obama 's campaign says that 's not true . As an attorney , Obama represented ACORN alongside the U.S. Justice Department in suing the state of Illinois to force state compliance with a federal voting access law , the campaign 's Web site says . And ACORN was not involved in Project Vote , a voter registration drive that Obama ran in Illinois in 1992 , according to the Web site . ACORN , founded in 1970 , calls itself "  the nation 's largest grassroots community organization of low - and moderate-income people . " It says it has more than 400,000 member families organized into more than 1,200 neighborhood chapters in 110 cities . Besides voter registration , the group focuses on issues such as predatory lending , minimum wage and funding for public schools , according to the Web site . It also provides free tax-return preparation for low-income people and screening for state and federal benefit programs . Republican hostility for ACORN goes back a long way . Former U.S. Attorney David Iglesias said the Bush administration fired him and eight other federal prosecutors in 2006 for political reasons , among them his refusal to pursue election fraud charges against organizations like ACORN . "  It 's easy to make accusations , but ultimately a prosecutor has to prove that case beyond a reasonable doubt in federal court , " Iglesias said . Officials with the McCain campaign maintain that the dumping of thousands of phony registrations on local election boards makes it harder for those boards to do their job , opening the door to voter fraud on Election Day . CNN 's Carol Costello and Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge denies Pennsylvania GOP request for ACORN voter list Group denies facilitating election fraud through false registrations ACORN accuses Republicans of trying to suppress votes Republican hostility toward group goes back a long way
CNN  -- When growing up , Monisha Kaltenborn wanted to go into space , but as the first female CEO of a Formula 1 team she 's arguably reached greater heights . Breaking into the male dominated sport was n't the 40-year old 's first ambition then , but the trained lawyer has embraced her trail-blazing position . "  It feels good and I 'm a bit proud about that , " said Kaltenborn . "  But again it 's not my doing , it just so happened that I 've done a lot to be in the position . " As a young girl Kaltenborn moved from her native India to Austria with her parents . Taking Austrian citizenship and studying law , Kaltenborn first became involved with motor racing in 1998 when she joined the Fritz Kaiser Group , a shareholder of the Red Bull Sauber F1 Team . She went from looking after the team 's legal and corporate affairs , to taking a place on the Sauber Group 's management board in 2001 . In 2010 , she took over the business operations of the whole team . "  Certainly it 's not easy , " she said of working in a hugely competitive industry and being the sport 's most high-profile and influential woman . Kaltenborn has been adjusting to her role during perhaps the team 's most difficult period . After four years BMW pulled out of Formula 1 in 2009 , leaving a large amount of uncertainty surrounding the development of Sauber 's racing cars and among personnel . "  The biggest risk you have here is ... people do n't see the future in the team and then they want to leave and if you start losing your key people at that time , the whole process comes to a standstill . It 's only later that you 'll realize that insecurity amongst your personnel has a strong influence on the development of the car , " she said . "  We had to make sure that we could keep the company going , secure funding . " With two young drivers , Kamui Kobayashi and rookie Sergio Perez , Sauber have had a number of points-scoring results this season and currently lie seventh in F1 's constructors ' world championship table . In helping to steer the team to safety , as a team and business , Kaltenborn has also been involved in moving forwards the attitude to women in the sport . "  I think people , not the teams but others especially media , they do n't ask a woman a question relating to performance , " she said . "  The questions I get are normally very strategic questions about the company , the team , where F1 is going but never how the race was and what I feel about the drivers . But that 's changing now . It 's interesting to see how people take a while to get used to these kinds of questions to women . " When she set another first last year -- the first woman to attend an FIA press conference -- many men from other teams told her they were embarrassed that it had taken so long . Realizing the gender gap needed to be closed the sport 's governing body , FIA , set up the Women and Motorsports Commission last year , in which Kaltenborn is taking a leading role . "  We are realizing that to a certain age there a lot of young girls driving in car series and then suddenly , when it gets into the next category , it drops off . A lot of that is to do with the whole social set up they have , " she said . Bernie Eccelestone , the head of Formula 1 , has said a woman could be his successor , but Kaltenborn intends to be with Sauber for a long time to come , improving the team 's performance . It 's also possible a woman could be behind the wheel of an F1 car in the not-too-distant future . Maybe even with Sauber . "  From the physical side of it , I do n't see why a woman can not be in Formula 1 , " she said .	Austrian-Indian CEO of Sauber is F1 's first female boss Trained as a lawyer before moving through ranks of Sauber Has overseen one of Sauber 's most challenging periods Proud of her role as first woman boss of F1 team
Near the Israel-Gaza border  CNN  -- Hours after a cease-fire was declared Wednesday in Israel 's conflict with Gaza , it appeared to be holding , an Israeli official said . "  We assumed it would take a while for the cease-fire to take hold , " Israel 's ambassador to the United States , Michael Oren , told CNN . "  I understand now that it has taken hold . There has n't been fire for a while and , of course , we are not firing , so there is a cease-fire . " His remarks came after an Israeli military spokeswoman , Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , told CNN that five rockets had been fired from Gaza in violation of the cease-fire . Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon , in an interview with CNN , put the number of rockets at 12 . Wednesday 's cease-fire followed eight days of violence along Israel 's border with Gaza and nearly 150 deaths -- the vast majority of them Palestinian . Egypt 's Morsy praised for his key role in talks The cease-fire , announced in a joint news conference in Cairo with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr , took effect at 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  . Gazans took to the streets , firing guns into the air in celebration of what they considered to be a victory over Israel 's military . The agreement calls for Israel to halt all acts of aggression on Gaza , including incursions and the targeting of people , according to Egypt 's state news agency EGYNews . It also calls for the Palestinian factions to cease all hostilities from Gaza against Israel , including the firing of rockets and attacks on the border . Border crossings were to be opened Thursday night , and the movement of people and goods across them was to be eased , it said . On the ground : Follow updates from CNN 's reporters The agreement came after a day of negotiations that included Clinton , Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and Palestinian officials . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the agreement calls for "  complete and total cessation of all hostile activity initiated in the Gaza Strip . " "  For us , that 's victory . That 's what we wanted , " he said . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned of possible additional military action if the cease-fire fails to lead to long-term security . "  But at this time , the right thing for the state of Israel is to exhaust this opportunity to obtain a long-term cease fire , " he said . Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Barack Obama for his "  unreserved support " of Israel 's actions . It was the November 14 assassination by Israeli forces of Ahmed al-Ja ` abari , the head of Hamas ' military wing , that ignited the fighting . Opinion : Will real change come from this cease-fire ? Israel launched its offensive with a stated goal of ending the rocket attacks on southern Israel from inside Gaza by degrading the ability of Palestinians to launch such attacks . "  Their attempts backfired against them , " said Khaled Meshaal , a Hamas political leader . "  They wanted to destroy the infrastructure of the resistance of Hamas . They claim they have done so , and they have not . They are bankrupt . " He cited Israel 's destruction of buildings and killings that included civilians . "  This is their accomplishment , " he said . "  They have nothing else to show . And our rockets continued to strike them until the last minute . " Israel will hold Hamas responsible for any attacks from Gaza , whether conducted by that organization or any others , Regev said . He said the agreement reflects that understanding . iReport : Share your stories from the region As he was preparing to return to New York from Tel Aviv , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said late Wednesday his biggest concern was for the safety of civilians , "  no matter where they are . Innocent people , including children , have been killed or injured on both sides . Families on both sides were forced to cower in fear as the violence raged around them . " He said that more than 139 Palestinians had been killed , more than 70 of them civilians , and more than 900 were injured . In addition , some 10,000 Palestinians had lost their homes , he said , adding there was a critical need for humanitarian aid in the territory . IDF 's Leibovich dismissed such concerns . "  There is no crisis in Gaza , " she told CNN , adding that she had seen pictures Wednesday morning of markets filled with fresh produce . "  I understand that some things are not convenient , " she said . During the conflict , rocket fire killed four Israeli civilians and wounded 219 other people , most of them civilians , three of them seriously , Ban said . In addition , an Israeli soldier was killed and 16 were wounded , one critically , he said . Smuggling weapons to Gaza -- the long way In all , 1,456 rockets were estimated to have been fired from Gaza into Israel , with three long-range missiles hitting the outskirts of Jerusalem , a move he called "  unprecedented . " Israeli forces reported strikes on more than 1,450 targets in Gaza , Ban said . They targeted , but were not limited to , attacks on rocket-launching sites , military bases , police stations and tunnels along the border with Egypt , he said . Hundreds of other buildings were hit , Ban said , adding that he condemned "  indiscriminate rocket fire from Gaza into Israel , " but also believed that the "  excessive and disproportionate use of force that endangers civilian lives is intolerable . " Long-term solutions for Gaza and the Palestinians in general must be found , he said . "  Once calm is fully restored and the violence ends , a broader cease-fire will have to address all the underlying causes of conflict , including the full opening of crossings , Palestinian reconciliation and an end to weapons smuggling . " How Middle East has changed since last Gaza conflict Regev said the deal calls for talks to begin Thursday on easing economic restrictions on Gaza . "  If the border is quiet , that enables us to be more forthcoming , " he said . Clinton , who shuttled among Israel , the West Bank and Egypt to help negotiate the deal , said the United States will continue to work with regional partners to implement and expand the agreement . Obama spoke Wednesday morning with Morsy , thanking the Egyptian leader for his leadership in negotiating the proposal . As recently as Wednesday afternoon , Hamas officials had been calling for more strikes against Israel , while that country 's military continued to press its campaign against what it said were suspected rocket-launching sites and "  terrorist hideouts . " Arab-Americans watch conflict with mix of worry , relief The cease-fire talks , held in the West Bank , Israel and Cairo , continued despite a lunchtime bus attack near the Defense Ministry headquarters in Tel Aviv . At least two bombs were planted on the bus , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . One of the bombs exploded , blowing out the windows of the bus , he said . Rosenfeld said 24 people were wounded , three of them seriously . Aviva Shemer with Ichilov Hospital said pedestrians were among the injured . Belief blog : How U.S. Jews view the situation Police said they were seeking at least one and possibly two suspects . Hamas put its own spin on the attack in a banner on al-Aqsa , calling it "  a natural response to the massacre of the al-Dalou family and targeting of innocent Palestinian civilians . " Nine members of the al-Dalou family died Sunday in an Israeli airstrike , provoking outrage among Palestinians . "  We told you #IDF that our blessed hands will reach your leaders and soldiers wherever they are , " the al Qassam Brigades , the military wing of Hamas , said on Twitter . "  You opened the Gates of Hell on Yourselves . " Diplomats said they were hoping to avoid a repeat of 2008 and 2009 , when at least 1,400 people died as Israeli troops invaded Gaza after similar rocket attacks . Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power in the Middle East CNN 's Tom Watkins , Ben Brumfield , Dana Ford , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Christiane Amanpour , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Saad Abedine , Sara Sidner , Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder , Saad Abedine , Ingrid Formanek , Nicki Goulding , Neda Farshbaf , Marilia Brocchetto and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	"  I understand that it has taken hold , " Israel 's U.S. ambassador says of cease-fire Israel alleges violations of the hours-old cease-fire ; one official says five , another 12 U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon says "  disproportionate " use of force is "  intolerable Agreement calls for "  total cessation of all hostile activity " from Gaza
Mexico City  CNN  -- The helicopter crash in Mexico that killed Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora and all seven other people aboard shows no evidence of an explosion , a Mexican official said Saturday . "  In visual and preliminary investigations of the crash site , the remains of the aircraft do not show evidence of any kind of damage from an explosion or fire , " said Dionisio Perez-Jacome , minister of communication and transportation . "  It is worth mentioning that according to the available information up until this moment , present at the place and time of the incident were layers of clouds and reduced visibility , " Perez-Jacome said . His announcement on government television came as Mexico began a day of grieving for the eight killed Friday in the helicopter crash in a rural area just south of Mexico City . Mexican President Felipe Calderon and his wife were among the government officials at a public funeral in Mexico City on Saturday afternoon . The eight caskets were each draped with the Mexican flag on the vast green grounds of Campo Militar Marte where Calderon led a tearful ceremony of handing portraits of the eight helicopter victims to their respective families and children . A military band played sorrowful dirges , as did a drum and bugle corps at other points in the funeral . "  Here , in the earth , their example and memory will endure forever , " Calderon told the black-attired mourners in the galleries and grandstand , all on their feet during the ceremony . "  These are difficult times for the government and for the nation , but it is also a time to show the strength to overcome these adversities , " Calderon said . The Friday incident -- which occurred 2.5 miles south of the town of Santa Catarina Atoyzingo in the municipality of Chalco -- evoked comparisons to a 2008 plane crash that also killed the country 's then-interior minister . That crash , in a luxurious Mexico City neighborhood , was later determined to be an accident caused by turbulence . The Learjet carrying the minister and others was following a commercial airliner too closely , authorities said . Calderon on Friday called Blake Mora "  a great Mexican who deeply loved his country and served until the last moment of his life . " Analysts said that the crash puts renewed attention on the president 's controversial efforts to fight the nation 's notorious cartels because the interior minister oversees domestic security . "  The national mood is such that even before this , people are alarmed " about cartel violence , said Stephen Zamora , professor at the University of Houston Law Center who 's an expert on Mexican law and U.S.-Mexico relations . "  Calderon is in the last year of his presidency , so Mexico is entering a presidential election year just as the United States is . President Calderon has been criticized because the number of persons killed has escalated during his presidency and so people see him as failed . I think that 's a harsh judgment , " Zamora said . "  He inherited a country , especially in the northern states , that is being destabilized by the drug cartels . He 's started employing the army , which has n't been used much domestically , to fight the drug cartels , " Zamora said . While Blake Mora was well regarded by U.S. officials , his loss wo n't devastate the Calderon administration , said Pamela K. Starr , associate professor of international relations at the University of Southern California . "  I think there 's an inevitability that there will be speculation that organized crime was involved in this , but it seems highly unlikely to me that indeed will be the case , " Starr said , noting how the helicopter crashed under foggy conditions in a remote area . "  He was very highly thought of both within Mexico and with his counterparts in the United States , " Starr said of Blake Mora . "  With that said , he has not been one of the central figures in the battle against drug cartels in Mexico . The lead has been taken more by the federal police and the president himself , along with the military and the prosecutor 's office . " The helicopter went down in the Xochimilco area south of Mexico City , government spokeswoman Alejandra Sota said . Two other government officials were killed in the crash : Undersecretary for Legal Affairs and Human Rights Felipe Zamora and the ministry 's press office chief , Jose Alfredo Garcia , she said . In July 2010 , Calderon appointed Blake Mora to the post that oversees security efforts against drug cartels in Mexico . That battle has cost thousands of lives . "  I grieve his loss " and those of the other victims , Calderon said in a national address on Friday , adding that Blake Mora , who was 45 , leaves behind a wife and two children . Authorities will continue to investigate the cause of the accident . A photograph of the crash site depicts a relatively concentrated debris field . The French-manufactured Super Puma THP06 helicopter was made in 1987 and had logged 717 hours of flight , Mexican officials said . The helicopter crashed while traveling between Mexico City and the Mexican state of Morelos south of the city , officials said . The others killed were Diana Miriam Hayton Sanchez , the technical secretary of the minister 's office ; Maj. Rene de Leon Sapien of the Presidential Guard , who was Blake Mora 's personal security detail ; and three members of the air force : pilot Lt. Col. Felipe Bacio Cortes , Lt. Pedro Ramon Escobar and Sgt. Jorge Luis Juarez Gomez . Before becoming interior minister , Blake Mora was an attorney from Baja California state who was chief of staff to the state government from 2007 until July 2010 . Previously , he was a councilman in Tijuana , as well as a state and federal congressman . Blake Mora was considered to be politically close to the president and , in fact , led his political campaign in Baja California . Ironically , Blake Mora 's last writing in his Twitter account refers to the November 2008 accident that killed a prior interior minister . "  Today we remember Juan Camilo Mourino three years after his departure , a human being who worked on building a better Mexico , " Blake Mora wrote in a tweet posted November 4 , the third anniversary of the accident . CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote this report . CNN 's Esprit Smith , Mariano Castillo and CNNMexico.com contributed .	NEW : Rural crash area had clouds and reduced visibility NEW : "  These are difficult times , " president says at public funeral Investigators do n't find evidence of an explosion or a fire aboard the aircraft Mexican Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora dies with seven others
Monday 's CNN poll results just plain surprised , almost shocked me . When I saw the poll was due to be released , I expected the Republicans to be taking a beating considering the terms President Barack Obama and his staff have been using to describe them over the past 10 days  "  extremists , " "  people with a bomb strapped to their chest "  and the unfair , derogatory press coverage of their position . The results are so dramatically better for Republicans and worse for the Democrats and Obama than I expected that I was curious to see just how much better Republicans are faring during the shutdown of 2013  and how much worse the president and the Democrats are faring  than in comparable polls of the 1995-96 shutdowns . What I discovered was revealing and runs against the entire media narrative of this year 's struggle over the continuing resolution and the debt ceiling . Let 's start with the shutdowns during the Clinton administration when I was leading House Republicans . There were two : one in November 1995 and one in December '95 and early January 1996 . A CNN poll at the time showed Americans blamed Republicans over President Bill Clinton for the first shutdown by almost 2-to-1 , 49 % to 26 % . Republicans fared only a little better in the second shutdown of the mid - '90s . A CNN poll after it began showed the American people preferred Clinton 's approach to that of the Republicans by 52 % to 38 % . Sixty-two percent said they had negative feelings about the Republican leaders during that conflict , compared with only 49 % about Clinton . This is not to say the shutdowns were a strategic mistake . Quite the opposite : The enormous progress we made afterward -- four consecutive balanced budgets , welfare reform , the first tax cut in 16 years -- was a direct result of Republicans standing firm in 1995 and early 1996 . It proved to Clinton , and more importantly to the country , that we were serious about the ideas we had run on in 1994 . As a consequence , we were the first re-elected Republican majority in the House since 1928 . In the long run , in other words , the shutdowns did n't do us any damage , a fact Gallup documented recently . But as the above poll numbers suggest , most Americans were clearly frustrated during those shutdowns , and in the immediate term they blamed Republicans . In retrospect I brought some of this on us because I was very firm and clear beforehand that we were prepared to close the government if that was what it took to get an agreement to balance the federal budget . In a sense , Americans were right to blame  or credit  us with the shutdowns because we were in fact on offense , seeking a decisive change in government . As the first House Republican majority in 40 years , we were feeling empowered , and we probably showed it too clearly . There was another big reason why the public gave Clinton the benefit of the doubt , however . He was consistently willing to talk and to meet . People saw him as a reasonable guy trying to help get to a solution . And since Republicans controlled both the House and the Senate , the congressional Democrats were not a big part of the public drama . Because we were so openly pushing for a big change and Clinton was so willing to be reasonable , the American people naturally attributed the shutdowns to us and gave Clinton good marks for at least trying to negotiate . Today the situation is radically different . Virtually every Republican has learned from 1995-1996 . Republicans ' consistent refrain is that they do n't want to shut the government . They constantly say that they want to negotiate , to make a deal , and that they 're frustrated by Obama 's refusal to talk . The president , on the other hand , has taken the hard-line position that he will not negotiate , repeating this on television practically every day . In addition , he has used his office to cause as much pain to the people as he reasonably can , including very public and unnecessary pain for our soldiers , veterans and small business owners . This behavior strikes most Americans as offensive and unfair . I thought , however , that with the general bias of the press coverage -- the overemphasis on Republican dissent , the almost complete avoidance of covering Democrats who have split with their leaders to vote in favor of clean , piecemeal continuing resolutions to fund parts of the government , and the normal process of giving Obama a permanent benefit of the doubt -- that Monday 's poll results would have been better than 1995-96 but still clearly anti-Republican . The results were vastly better for the Republicans and worse for Obama than I expected . When asked in the CNN poll whom they are angry at , 63 % said Republicans , 58 % said Democrats and 53 % said Obama . That is a 10-point margin for the president and only a 5-point margin for Democrats , compared with a 23-point margin in November 1995 . Independents said they blamed all three equally  60 % GOP , 59 % Democrats , 58 % Obama  . This is so clearly within the margin of error that it is for all practical purposes a tie . After weeks of the media focusing blame on House Speaker John Boehner , Sen. Ted Cruz and the House Republicans , it is clear the American people are not buying it . There have been too many days of the president saying , "  I will not negotiate . " The country believes him . They can see he 's a big part of the reason the government is shut down . If House Republicans continue to pass targeted , clean continuing resolutions to fund parts of the government and Senate Republicans demand day after day for the right to vote on these popular measures , the margin of blame may begin shifting from virtual parity to a solidly Democratic problem . If the Republicans repeat every day their willingness to negotiate and Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid repeat every day their refusal to negotiate , this may become catastrophic for the Democrats .	Newt Gingrich : In shutdowns of 1990s , GOP was blamed much more than Democrats He says a new CNN poll shows that most people also blame Democrats this time Gingrich says President Obama 's refusal to negotiate is hurting his image He says GOP strategy is winning
CNN  -- "  People think that education lasts until you graduate from school . But I think that people should continue to learn even after graduation . " -- Yasuaki Sakyo Yasuaki Sakyo believes that education should be lifelong and open to everyone . Tokyo 's bustling , youthful Shibuya district , the backdrop for much of the indie film "  Lost In Translation , " is a hip , neon-lit hub for Japan 's cutting-edge set . Its crammed streets , flashy fashions and hectic pace make it an exhilarating experience that 's often intimidating for the faint hearted . But behind this flamboyant exterior , Shibuya is also home to an organization with a deeper passion -- for learning . Founded in 2006 , Shibuya University is a new system of education that 's firmly rooted in its local community . There are no entrance examinations ; classes take place in the city 's surroundings ; and teachers come from all walks of life . Shibuya University is led by Yasuaki Sakyo , a 28-year-old ex-accountant . Sakyo believes passionately that education is for life , that we can all learn from each other and that teaching should n't be confined to the classroom . Sakyo was working for trading company Sumitomo when he read about Shibuya Ward assembly member Hasabe Ken 's idea of a university based within the Shibuya community that focused on lifelong education . Sakyo was intrigued . He was seeking a new mission : one that would bring benefits to his community . The two men discussed their visions of a university that was open to all ; then Sakyo quit his job to run the Shibuya project . In November 2005 , a group of interested parties discussed what sort of organization it should be . For a year , they planned Shibuya University ; the first classes began in September 2006 . "  Shibuya , where people usually come to enjoy themselves , is full of wonderful things " Sakyo told CNN . "  My idea was to bring together the most interesting elements of education and the attractive parts of Shibuya . " This free-flowing approach to learning contrasts markedly with the stiff , conformist image of traditional Japanese education . Shibuya acts as a catalyst , breathing knowledge and life through the community . Its classes , which range from traditional Japanese culture to environmental issues , are enormously popular , with many oversubscribed . Its "  classrooms " have included shopping complexes , museums and the gardens of Meiji Shrine . There 's no clear distinction between students and teachers and no graduation from classes . Teachers have ranged from janitors to best-selling sports writers . Students are mainly in their 20s and 30s , although Sakyo hopes that the university 's appeal will broaden to wider age groups . In the future , Sakyo hopes Shibuya will grow . "  I want -LSB- it -RSB- to help Shibuya become a better place , " he says . The university may act as a model for similar projects : Sakyo 's vision of a symbiosis between learning and the community has sparked interest from London , the U.S. and Taiwan . But Sakyo says his own future is to continue on his mission to serve his community . "  For me personally , my goal has no end , " he told CNN . "  I think maybe I will continue thinking about improving society in the way that I imagine . I 'd like to play a part in making these things happen . So my goal is just to keep going . " ... . Read an interview with Yasuaki Sakyo and explore his vision for learning that 's rooted in the community of Shibuya . What do you think of Yasuaki Sakyo 's vision for community-based learning ? Which is better -- formal or informal education ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Yasuaki Sakyo , 28 , leads Shibuya University in Tokyo , Japan Shibuya University offers free , community-based , lifelong learning Classes take place in the street , record shops , museums ; anyone can teach Ex-accountant Sakyo hopes the Shibuya model will be adopted elsewhere
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Ahead of a landmark vote in Libya , an international monitor warned that Moammar Gadhafi 's successors risk repeating the ousted dictator 's mistakes unless electoral winners make rule of law a top priority . Many months after the February 17 uprising that rid Libya of Gadhafi and his autocratic rule , Libyans will choose a new government Saturday . Much is at stake in that vote , said Amnesty International , which issued a scathing report Thursday on widespread Libyan lawlessness , focusing on armed militias operating above the law . In Benghazi , Libyans vow that the vote will go on The report documented arbitrary arrests , detention , torture and impunity for unlawful killings . It said Amnesty staffers visited Libya in May and June and found many militias refusing to disarm and that the government has only been able to dismantle a handful of the armed groups . "  It is deeply depressing that after so many months , the authorities have failed so comprehensively to break the stranglehold of the militias on Libyan security , with dramatic consequences for the people that bear the brunt of their actions , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  Calls for an end to repression and injustice were what led to the '17 February revolution ' in the first place , " she said . "  Without immediate action to stop abuses and lawlessness , there is a very real danger Libya could end up reproducing and entrenching the same patterns of violations we have seen over the past four decades " . Amnesty International said it spoke with two sisters -- 27 and 32 -- who were stopped by militiamen at a checkpoint in February and forced at gunpoint to a nearby farm . "  One was suspended from a door for hours , had boiling water poured over her head , and was beaten and stabbed while being accused of supporting the former government of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , " the report said . "  The other was also suspended and beaten . The husband of one of them , who was detained at the same time , has disappeared . " Amnesty International also found instances of revenge beatings and vigilante-style justice carried out against detainees held by people who suffered under Gadhafi . The report said that sometimes detainees were held in cities where Gadhafi 's regime allegedly committed human rights violations . It gave the example of neurosurgeon Hisham Anour Ben Khayal . He was abducted in Tripoli in April by a militia from al-Zawiya that blamed him for the death of a relative due to alleged medical neglect . The doctor was beaten with sticks and whips . In court , Khayal testified that he was n't the treating physician in the case and that other doctors had operated twice to save the man who died . Khayal was charged with murder and will stand trial in al-Zawiya , where there is strong sentiment against him , Amnesty said . Libyans from all walks of life took to the streets to stand up to injustice , Amnesty said , but now their leaders are undermining their aspirations . And public criticism of the revolutionary militias is uncommon after they were hailed as heroes who ousted Gadhafi . Critics of the militias , Amnesty said , are often labeled as Gadhafi loyalists . Amnesty International urged Libyan authorities to do more . CNN was not successful in obtaining immediate comment from Libyan government officials . It said Libya should build a judicial system that will "  hold perpetrators to account in trials that meet international standards and provide redress to the thousands of victims of human rights violations . " That position was supported by policymakers and Libya observers . Ian Martin , the top United Nations envoy in Libya , agreed that Libya 's National Transitional Council has not done enough ; he said his office has been pushing to accelerate the handover of detainees in custody of revolutionary brigades to proper state authorities . "  We have also repeatedly pressed the government to take responsibility for protecting the physical integrity of those in detention , even if they go on being held outside state authority for a limited period of time , " Martin told CNN . Martin said the United Nations was trying to assist the Libyans in developing a strong judicial system . "  Certainly we are not satisfied with the rate of progress in that respect and very concerned by continuing torture and abuse of detainees in custody and continuing arrests outside legal process , " Martin said . Amnesty said 4,000 detainees remain in centers outside government reach . Some have been detained for a year . Analyst Ranj Alaaldin said the interim government appears unable and unwilling to try to assert its control over a complicated network of armed militias . In a commentary for CNN.com , Alaaldin , a senior analyst at the Next Century Foundation , described chaos over the past week in the seizure of Tripoli 's airport , attacks on a U.S. diplomatic office in Benghazi followed by one on a British convoy , and violent tribal clashes in the south . "  The current security environment , dominated by militias , does not constitute a proper security framework : It lacks coordination and creates gaps that allow for conflict between rival groups , as well as criminal activities like smuggling -- and terrorism , which appears to be a new factor in the east , " Alaaldin wrote . Amnesty International said Libyans who emerge as the nation 's new leadership after Saturday 's election will face a tough task of piecing together a land damaged and divided by years of mistrust and repressive rule . Gadhafi , Amnesty said , cracked down on his opponents in protecting his 1969 revolution . Saturday 's victors , the group said , must prevent a similar outcome . International court staff freed after detention in Libya Tunisia hands former Gadhafi PM over to Libya Extremist triangle a growing threat to Africa and America CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Atlanta and Jomana Karadsheh , from Tripoli , Libya .	Amnesty International warns Libya 's leaders risk repeating Moammar Gadhafi 's mistakes Ahead of Saturday 's election , the rights group publishes a scathing report It focuses on armed militias that it says are operating above the law Some detainees are victims of revenge , the report says
CNN  -- Residents of a western Pennsylvania neighborhood can return home Sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before . Hundreds of residents were forced to flee Saturday after a chemical leak in Petrolia , Pennsylvania . Authorities surveyed the neighborhood in Petrolia and determined that no traces of the toxic chemical remained , said Freda Tarbell , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection . A leak at the Indspec Chemical Corp. plant in Petrolia on Saturday formed a cloud affecting at least 2,000 residents -- some of whom fled their homes . Others huddled indoors with their windows shut , authorities said . Three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why . Watch why residents were asked to evacuate " It was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager Dave Dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for . Tarbell described the chemical as fuming sulfuric acid , which is also known as oleum . The plant uses the chemical during its production process , she said . The plant produces a chemical called Resorcinol -- essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry . The leak affected between 2,000 and 2,500 residents , Tarbell said . Some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters . Others opted to stay indoors and "  shut their windows and doors to make sure the acid cloud was not entering their home , " she said . Ed Schrecengost , a former Indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son 's wedding reception , urging the guests to leave . "  It 's about as dangerous as you can get , " Schrecengost told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  It 's a very fuming acid . A quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds . " Dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank . The material , he said , evaporates easily , creating a toxic cloud . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain Toxic cloud forms Saturday after chemical leak at Pennsylvania plant Three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not known
CNN  The attempts by some in the GOP to undermine President Barack Obama 's Iranian policy certainly seem extraordinary . First , the Republican leadership invited Benjamin Netanyahu to speak to Congress without consulting the White House , and he duly warned against softening of the West 's line on Iran . Now , 47 senators have written an open letter to the Iranian regime to advise that any deal agreed to with Obama could be reversed after the 2016 presidential election . It is an astonishing move . But this is not , strictly speaking , unique . People in both parties have done far more remarkable things in the past . Back in 1983 , Sen. Edward Kennedy tried to set up a personal diplomatic channel with the Soviet Union -- effectively sidestepping President Ronald Reagan . Working through proxies , he suggested that he visit Moscow to meet with the communist leadership and offered to help them make their case to the American people as to why they preferred dialogue over confrontation . As Washington Post journalist Vincent Bzdek notes in his book "  The Kennedy Legacy , " this occurred close to a U.S. presidential election , and some conservatives have interpreted it as an act of treason -- perhaps even a breach of the Logan Act , which forbids private citizens from engaging in diplomacy with the goal of changing foreign policy . One might argue that the senator was motivated by high ideals : He had a clear record of campaigning to reduce Cold War tensions and thought Reagan was mishandling the Soviets . On more than one occasion , Kennedy politicized foreign policy while in the Senate . In my book on the 1980 Democratic presidential primaries , I note that Kennedy opposed Jimmy Carter 's hard-line stance on the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan -- a position that was well-intentioned , prophetic and somewhat advantageous to Kennedy 's campaign for the Democratic nomination . But it 's not only Democrats who have done that . Step forward , Richard Nixon . In 1968 , the presidential election looked close . With the Johnson administration edging toward a peace deal in Vietnam , Nixon 's team rolled the dice . According to an account in Politico , Anna Chennault , a Republican activist , was given a message to pass onto the South Vietnamese government : If they undermined the peace talks by being stubborn , the Democrats would lose the election and Nixon as the next president would offer them better terms . The South Vietnamese indeed proved intransigent , and the Republicans won the White House . No evidence exists directly tying Nixon personally to the conspiracy , but we now know for sure that it happened and it 's far hard to imagine that it would have gone ahead without his knowledge . There is a view that it bordered on treason and -- again -- makes the 2015 GOP efforts look tame by comparison . The extreme lengths that Kennedy and Nixon went to behind the scenes underlines the point that foreign policy has always been a deeply partisan matter that can often end in a challenge to executive authority . It 's true that the spirit of the Constitution indicates that the country is expected to speak with one voice on foreign policy through the President . But such harmony has n't always been possible . Recall that Congress and the Carter White House tore themselves apart over the Panama Canal Treaties . That the Reagan administration 's policy in Nicaragua was so controversial that his staffers sent aid to the rebels through back channels , and the then-Democratic House speaker , Jim Wright , was accused of presenting a private peace plan to the left-wing government . That Bill Clinton 's 1994 nuclear deal with North Korea was criticized by both Republicans and Democrats . Or that liberal Democrats did their best to defund the Iraq War . As Damian Paletta writes , foreign policy is generally conducted quietly by the White House through executive agreements that pass without comment . But the idea that foreign policy is beyond partisanship is nave , and disagreements have gone public when the political conditions are appropriate . The particular matter of the Iran talks is sensitive for the Republicans because it involves the electoral holy trinity of Obama , Israel and the presidential primaries . They were n't going to walk away from this one , and we can hardly be surprised that they have n't . The Democrats would do the same if the situation were reversed , as they have many times in the past . In a republic purposefully designed to have limited executive power , with a competitive two-party system bolted on to keep its politics fluid , this was arguably inevitable .	Timothy Stanley : GOP senators ' letter to Iranian leaders seems extraordinary But undermining a president 's foreign policy is not at all unique , Stanley says He says both left , right have gone around administrations to deal with foreign leaders
CNN  -- Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss was crowned Miss World on Sunday in a competition in London . "  South Africa , this is for you , " she said in an interview after the pageant . "  I 'm so proud of you , and I 'm proud to be your representative . " Strauss , 22 , inherited the crown from Miss World 2013 , Megan Young of the Philippines . She won the title over runner-up Miss Hungary Edina Kulcsar . Miss United States Elizabeth Safrit took third place . Strauss , a fourth-year medical student at University of the Free State , put her studies on hold after being crowned Miss South Africa in March . In her official Miss World 2014 introduction video , she credits former South African President Nelson Mandela with paving the way for her to pursue a career in medicine by creating a democratic South Africa . Strauss said she looked forward to continuing the legacy of Miss World CEO Julia Morley , founder of "  Beauty With a Purpose , " a nonprofit that supports humanitarian projects of Miss World contestants . Those who participate in a charitable contest or cause through the organization compete for the "  Beauty With a Purpose " award , winning points toward their final score . The focus on charitable acts helps counter criticism that the pageant promotes superficial images of women through swimsuit competitions and slinky evening gowns . As Miss South Africa , Strauss has promoted projects in women 's rights , health and education , including one to provide menstruation education to schoolgirls in South Africa . What do you think of beauty pageants such as Miss World ? Tell us in the comments .	Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss is crowned Miss World on Sunday Miss Hungary Edina Kulcsar is crowned runner-up Miss United States Elizabeth Safrit takes third place
CNN  The Mormon church has excommunicated a popular podcaster , saying his public dissents from the religion 's core beliefs have led others away from the church . John Dehlin , founder of the podcast "  Mormon Stories , " describes himself as an "  unorthodox " Mormon whose church roots reach back five generations . Under Tuesday 's penalty , however , Dehlin may not participate in church sacraments for at least one year . He has the right to appeal the decision . Dehlin is the second Mormon to be excommunicated in the past year , following Kate Kelly , who was kicked out last June for pushing the church to admit women to its all-male priesthood . Tuesday 's excommunication was announced in a letter to Dehlin from Brian King , the stake president , or local church leader , in North Logan , Utah . King said that Dehlin was not excommunicated for criticizing the church , which he has openly admitted to , but for denying core Mormon doctrines . The church has concluded that Dehlin 's views on the following amount to apostasy : -- Questioning the nature of God and divinity of Christ ; -- Calling the Book of Mormon and Book of Abraham , two central texts , fraudulent ; -- Teaching that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the Mormon church 's official name , is not the "  true church with power and authority from God . " "  You have spread these teachings widely via the Internet to hundreds of people in the past and have shared with me , in previous correspondence , that you will continue to do so , " King wrote to Dehlin in a letter dated February 9 . Dehlin has said that he suspects his support for female ordination and same-sex marriage , both of which Mormon leaders oppose , was behind the effort to excommunicate him . In a statement on Tuesday , Dehlin said : "  My wife , Margi , and I are proud to stand in support of both free expression and gender/marriage equality within Mormonism . While we are saddened that the LDS Church has chosen to excommunicate me for publicly supporting these values , we support the church 's right to make this decision . " King and Mormon church spokesmen say that 's not true . "  Church disciplinary trials are usually kept private , but when the member has chosen to air their grievances in public , the Church reserves the right to correct the public record , " Mormon leaders said in a statement . "  Church discipline is not designed to be the end of the process , " church spokesmen said , "  but the beginning of the road back to full fellowship . " Dehlin , who has run the Mormon Stories podcast and a related website for about a decade , told NPR that he stopped attending church last year .	John Dehlin calls himself an "  unorthodox Mormon " Mormon leaders say Dehlin has led others away from the church
Families torn apart for more than 60 years -- separated by the Korean War -- began to reunite at a mountain resort in North Korea Thursday . Without any regular forms of communications between the two Koreas , the family members have gone decades without phone calls , letters or emails -- unable to know whether their loved ones are alive or dead . The majority of the participants in South Korea are now in their 80s and 90s . The meetings are likely to be the last time the separated families will have contact with one another . Thursday 's reunion is the first since November 2010 . The negotiations leading to the expected reunions have also been painstaking , reflecting the tensions between North and South Korean governments . Past reunions have been emotional affairs with sobbing relatives clinging to each other and showing each other family photos . This time , the reunion was n't conducted as freely as North Korean workers stood beside the tables and listened to every conversation . One North Korean resident thanked the Marshall , which is the country 's leader , Kim Jong Un for his "  blessing " and making the visit possible . On Thursday , the first of a six-day event , an initial 200 North and South Koreans met . Among them was Jang Chun , whose brother was 8 years old when he last saw him . Jang , a North Korean conscript during the Korean War , was taken prisoner by UN forces in South Korea . He has since lived in the South and has been unable to see his family . But four years ago , he received a letter and several photos of his family in North Korea through the Red Cross . The black-and-white photos showed his brother and a picture of his brother 's wedding -- major life milestones Jang had been unable to attend . "  It was shocking , " he said . "  I did n't even know they were alive although I had hoped they were . After reading the letter , I started crying , I was filled with both joy and sorrow . " Jang clutched the only memorabilia he has of his long-lost family . "  Whenever I miss my family , I read this letter , " Jang said . Jang , silver-haired and aging , thought he finally got his chance when he learned he 'd be part of a reunion group last September . The reunion waitlist in Seoul has thousands of names and the lucky ones are selected through a computer-generated lottery . But Pyongyang canceled the September event with only a few days notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . "  It was like being hit on the back of the head , " Jang said about the shock of coming so close , only to have his hopes dashed . "  I had to take medication and sedatives . " It may have felt like deja-vu for Jang earlier this month . After the Korean governments reached an agreement to hold reunions , less than a day later , North Korea said it may back out if South Korea holds its annual military drills with the United States . South Korea has refused to cancel the annual drills . Pyongyang 's attempts to link the reunions to politics were rejected by both Seoul and Washington who see it as a purely humanitarian issue . Jang finally got his wish , trembling , while he held the hands of his younger brother , Jang Hwa Chun and younger sister Jang Keum Soon , who both live in North Korea . Jang had brought his son , Jang Ki-woong , who met his North Korean uncle and aunt for the first time . They learned coincidentally that both Jang 's son and his younger brother had become locomotive engineers . Jang 's younger sister burst into tears during the conversation . "  Every time a train passes by , I thought  about you  , " Jang Keum Soon told her South Korean brother , sobbing . "  I missed you , older brother . " Jang 's son vowed to his North Korean aunt and uncle : "  I will drive a train and come here . I am a locomotive engineer so I will drive the train and promise to come back . Until then , please stay healthy and live a long life . " Although delayed by snow , 82 South Korean participants accompanied by 58 other members arrived Thursday afternoon and were scheduled to have lunch before finally meeting their families . The reunion ended for the day around 5 p.m. Trust remains tenuous in the peninsula , separated by the world 's most fortified border -- the Demilitarized Zone and rocked by North Korea 's nuclear test last year . The rarity of inter-Korea reunions meant that many participants in ill health insisted on going to Mount Kumgang for the event , desperate for a chance to see their relatives . Nineteen of the South Korean participants were in wheelchairs . Two South Korean participants departed for the reunion venue by ambulance , one of them was receiving an IV drip , refusing to miss the date . South Korean participants of the reunion were seen bringing gifts for their family members . The most popular gifts for families in North Korea were Choco Pies , a chocolate-covered treat , along with medicine and medical supplies like pain killers , according to YTN , a CNN affiliate in South Korea . They were greeted with a newly-made stone near their North Korean facilities that read : "  Long Live General Kim Jong Un , The Sun of Military First Korea . "	North and South Korean families to reunite in six-day event at North Korean mountain resort Most of the South Korean participants are in their 80s and 90s Families have been separated since the Korean War An armistice between the warring sides was signed in 1953
CNN  -- The debate in Congress this week about whether to pay for extending the payroll tax cut by imposing a new tax on millionaires will have nothing to do with solving our nation 's economic challenges and everything to do with election-year politics . Senate Democratic leaders have already signaled they will use the debate as a purely partisan exercise designed to embarrass Republicans into opposing tax cuts for the poor while defending tax cuts for the rich . I intend to offer an alternative . Instead of punishing the rich with higher taxes , I will give Congress the option of helping pay for extending the payroll tax cut by ending welfare to the wealthy . Read Sen. Coburn 's report , "  Subsidies of the Rich and Famous " Every year , politicians on both sides engage in a process of reverse Robin Hood in which they steal $ 30 billion from low - and middle-income Americans and provide handouts to the rich and famous . Millionaires receive tax earmarks and deductions crafted by both parties that allow them to write off billions each year . These write-offs include mortgage interest deductions on second homes and luxury yachts , gambling losses , business expenses , electric vehicle credits and even child care tax credits . Meanwhile , direct handouts for millionaires have included $ 74 million in unemployment checks , $ 316 million in farm subsidies , $ 89 million for preservation of ranches and estates , $ 9 billion in retirement checks and $ 7.5 million to compensate for damages caused by emergencies to property that should have been insured . Millionaires have even borrowed $ 16 million in government-backed education loans to attend college since 2007 . The goal of highlighting these excesses is not to demonize those who are successful . Instead , by highlighting the sheer stupidity of pampering the wealthy with lavish benefits through our safety net and tax code , I hope to make a moral and economic argument for real entitlement and tax reform . The most troubling gap in America today is not an income gap . It is an integrity gap -- and even intelligence gap -- between Washington and the rest of the country . Families are struggling to make ends meet and are making painful economic choices as politicians in Washington borrow billions to provide welfare to the wealthy . Politicians on both sides refuse to fix big problems and defend stupid policies because changing those policies would involve upending a comfortable political status quo . It 's important for taxpayers to understand that these distortions are not accidental loopholes in the law . To the contrary , these provisions are intentional efforts to get all Americans to buy into a system where everyone appears to benefit while the poor and middle class are being robbed . In the case of entitlements such as Social Security , progressives have argued for decades that a program for poor people will be a poor program . Yet , Warren Buffett hardly needs the same retirement check as his secretary . Ending welfare handouts to millionaires will strengthen , not undermine , the safety net for people who need it most . Even Canada has adopted means testing in its retirement program by limiting benefits for high-earners . That fact is we ca n't afford the system we have today . Only by adopting common-sense reforms can we sustain a safety net for those who truly need assistance . On the tax side , both parties have been reluctant to alter tax earmarks and deductions , such as the mortgage interest deduction . These are considered sacrosanct . Yet , it 's hard to understand how limiting the mortgage interest deductions for yachts will hurt working families . Defending spending in the tax code is not conservative . Providing tax earmarks and deductions to millionaires is a tax increase on everyone who does n't receive the benefit . The only way we will enact real tax reform , and grow the economy , is by lowering tax rates and broadening the base by scaling back these egregious handouts . This is precisely what President Ronald Reagan did in 1986 . Even though the super committee failed to reach an agreement on broad deficit reduction , there is no reason why the other super committee -- Congress -- should drag its feet . Change in Washington tends to start with small steps . There is no better place to start than scaling back ludicrous handouts to millionaires that expose an entitlement system and tax code that desperately need to be reformed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Coburn .	Tom Coburn : It 's not necessary to raise taxes on the rich to pay for payroll tax cut Instead , he says , end the annual $ 30 billion in tax break handouts to the rich and famous Coburn : They get deductions for second homes , yachts , gambling losses , child care Earmarks , deductions for millionaires amount to a tax hike on everyone else , he says
CNN  -- Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has completed a notable awards double after being named Player of the Year by the English Football Writers ' Association for the second year in a row . In-form Cristiano Ronaldo has won both major English awards for the 2007-08 season . The Portugal winger followed up his second successive victory in the Professional Footballers ' Association awards , where he was voted Player of the Year by his peers on April 27 . He topped the writers ' poll ahead of Liverpool striker Fernando Torres and Portsmouth goalkeeper David James . The 23-year-old , who has scored 38 goals in all competitions this season , emulated the feat of Barcelona 's former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry -- the last man to collect the FWA award twice in a row , in 2003 and 2004 . "  Ronaldo 's award is no surprise after his brilliant form this season and incredible goal-scoring record -- 38 at the moment -- and he is , of course , essentially a winger , " said chairman of the FWA , Paul Hetherington . "  Cristiano was an overwhelming winner and , given his age , he has the potential and ability to dominate this award for years in an unprecedented way . " Ronaldo has this season has helped take United to within touching distance of a second successive Premier League title with two matches to play , and into a Champions League final against Chelsea in Moscow on May 21 . He will receive his award at the FWA 's gala dinner at the Royal Lancaster Hotel in London on May 15 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Cristiano Ronaldo wins English writers ' award for second year in a row He headed off Liverpool 's Fernando Torres and Portsmouth 's David James Manchester United winger also retained his Player of Year award from peers Portugal star , 23 , has dominated UK awards for the past two seasons
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The copyright to a home movie of Marilyn Monroe "  just sitting around " with friends will be offered through an online auction this week , according to a man who found the film while researching the actress ' death . A short clip of the four-minute , silent 16 mm film provided to CNN to shows Monroe puffing on a cigarette , laughing and drinking wine on a couch . An FBI agent involved in the investigation of Monroe 's death on August 5 , 1962 -- which was ruled a suicide by drug overdose -- tipped off collector Keya Morgan to the film 's existence . Morgan was interviewing the agent for a documentary titled "  Marilyn Monroe : Murder on Fifth Helena Drive , " he said . The documentary , due out next year , examines the theory that Monroe was killed by government agents because of her affair with President John F. Kennedy . Morgan said he paid $ 275,000 for the faded color film because it is "  very rare " to find images of the actress ' private moments . "  It 's a side of Marilyn that no one has ever seen before , " he said . "  You see the private Norma Jeane , the girl . You do n't see Marilyn Monroe , the movie star . " Monroe changed her name from Norma Jeane Baker to Marilyn Monroe early in her acting and modeling career . While she puffs the cigarette , "  she 's also sniffing her armpit and acting silly , " Morgan said . The woman who made the film asked that CNN use only her first name , Gretchen , to protect her identity . "  We were just getting together , " Gretchen said . They were "  just sitting around " in a New Jersey apartment , singing songs , she said . The film was made in the late 1950s ; Gretchen said she could not recall the exact year . She kept it packed away for 50 years , except for loaning it to FBI investigators , she said . Gretchen retained the copyright , which Morgan is helping her sell through an eBay auction expected to begin Thursday , he said .	Copyright to film of Marilyn Monroe "  sitting around " will be offered on eBay this week Clip of film from 1950s shows Marilyn Monroe laughing on couch , smoking and drinking FBI agent told filmmaker about four-minute , silent 16 mm film during making of documentary Keya Morgan paid $ 275,000 for the rare glimpse into Monroe 's unscripted moments
CNN  -- Rapper MC Hammer launched a string of tweets Saturday with his side of the story two days after he was arrested in northern California for allegedly obstructing an officer . Among his tweets , Hammer said , apparently referring to the arresting officer , that he was asked whether he was on parole or probation before the man tried to pull him out of his vehicle Thursday night . Police in Dublin , east of Oakland , said Hammer was in a vehicle with expired registration and he was not the registered owner . "  After asking Hammer who the registered owner was he became very argumentative and refused to answer the officer 's questions , " police spokesman Herb Walters wrote Saturday evening in an e-mail to CNN . Hammer -- a rap and dance icon in the late 1980s and 1990s -- was arrested on suspicion of resisting an officer and obstructing an officer in the performance of his duties , according to police spokesman Herb Walters . The incident occurred at the Hacienda Crossings shopping center . Hammer began his tweets Saturday with "  chubby elvis looking dude was tapping on my car window , I rolled down the window and he said ` Are you on parole or probation ? ' " "  While I was handing him my ID he reached in my car and tried to pull me out the car but forgot he was on a steady donut diet , " Hammer continued . "  It was comical to me until he pulled out his guns , blew his whistle and yelled for help  MallCop  !!! But make no mistake he 's dangerous . " Hammer , 50 , was booked and released on bail from Santa Rita Jail , Walters said . A court date is next month , and police have until that time to decide on any charges . No drugs or alcohol were suspected in the incident , police said . In another tweet , Hammer , born Stanley Kirk Burrell , said , "  only thing more dangerous than a scared man with a gun , is a scared man with an agenda , a gun and a badge . " "  I will now answer his question , contrary to his personal beliefs , all people of color are not on parole or probation fat boy !!! , " wrote Hammer , later adding he thought of his arrest as "  a teachable moment " and an "  eye opener . " Hammer , who had a hit single in 1990 with "  U Ca n't Touch This , " has been enjoying a resurgence in his career and took the stage with "  Gangnam Style " Korean performer Psy during the American Music Awards last November . Hammer performed "  Too Legit to Quit , " which was released more than 20 years ago . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Rapper argumentative , in vehicle with expired registration , police say MC Hammer arrested this week and released , police say Incident occurred at mall in Dublin , California Police have until his court date next month to decide on any charges
CNN  -- A soldier apparently shot herself on Monday at a military post in central Virginia and later died , the Army said . The incident began at about 8:45 a.m. ET at Fort Lee when the soldier apparently brandished a weapon and then barricaded herself in an office at the Army Combined Arms Support Command headquarters building , according to a statement from the post . The statement said that Fort Lee Police responded within two minutes and quickly established contact with her . But during "  the course of negotiations , " she "  reportedly turned the weapon on herself " and fired one shot , the statement said . The soldier , who was not identified , later died at the Virginia Commonwealth University Medical Center , the statement added . The post was temporarily locked down in response to the incident that is under investigation . Fort Lee is located near Petersburg , about 30 miles south of Richmond . Retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst , described Fort Lee as a "  very active " one , with soldiers "  routinely coming and going to get various types of training . " About Fort Lee	NEW : Shooter died at Virginia hospital , Army said Soldier apparently shot herself inside office at Fort Lee She apparently had barricaded herself inside the office , the Army said Fort Lee is located south of Richmond
CNN  -- Deep in Tunisia 's Sahara desert is an abandoned settlement , part submerged by the sand , somehow alien , yet strangely familiar . The surrounding landscape looks like it 's from another world , in a galaxy far , far away -- which is why movie director George Lucas chose it as a location for filming parts of his blockbuster "  Star Wars " series . The Tunisian Sahara was transformed into Tatooine -- the barren planet with twin suns that was the birthplace of Anakin Skywalker , otherwise known as Darth Vader . At the Tunisian government 's request , the lavish set for Anakin 's home town , Mos Espa , remains intact -- a beacon in the desert . Read more : Stargazing in the desert The set of 20 buildings , situated northwest of the city of Tozeur , covers an area of around 10,000 square meters and remains a pilgrimage destination for avid "  Star Wars " fans from around the world . Former rally driver Tahar Karya is an expert at tackling the Sahara 's sand dunes in his four-by-four . He was George Lucas 's personal driver during the filming in Tunisia and has a personal attachment to the set . He believes that Lucas 's decision to use the area in his film was a great boon for the region . "  More than 1,500 background actors were employed . Agencies and hotels also benefited , " he says . "  Over a period of two-and-a-half months ,  Lucas  brought activities to the region and beneficial economic activity . We hope he comes back here again . " The crew faced difficulties dealing with the weather in the Sahara . Temperatures reached 135 degrees Fahrenheit  57 C  during filming , then production was slowed by a rare summer rainstorm . Still , facing scheduling and budget constraints , Lucas was able to get the scenes he needed , which appear in "  Star Wars " movies "  The Phantom Menace " and "  Attack of the Clones . " Read this : Hollywood classics get African photo remake But for those who want to experience this important piece of film history , time is running out . Although the set has withstood the elements for more than a decade , the desert 's sand dunes are moving to engulf the fictional town . "  Ever since they finished the part of the movie shot in 2003 , sand dunes have surrounded the film set from every side . They should not have allowed this to happen , " says Tahar . A team of scientists has tracked the movement of a large sand dune , which has already started to cover the set . it is moving at a rate of 4 cm per day and It wo n't be long before this alien town is buried beneath the sand . Like any desert Oasis , this one too will soon disappear . Each day tourists -- mostly from Europe -- arrive by the car load . Trips to the abandoned film set are included in hotel vacation packages and it 's one of the few things that will draw visitors into the baking-hot desert . What really matters to Tahar is that the tourists keep coming , especially because the country is struggling to rebuild its economy after its 2011 revolution . "  Tunisia is a very beautiful and safe country , " he says . "  I advise the whole world to come visit Tunisia . Tunisia is a country of security , comfort , and stability ... Besides , in Tunisia there are more than 300 days of sunlight . This is a country where life is good ! " As the sun beats down on the alien homeland , Tahar says he is proud to have been part of something iconic . But fans who want to visit Mos Espa will need to act soon , before the Sahara Desert swallows it up .	George Lucas filmed parts of his "  Star Wars " films in the Tunisian Sahara Desert The film crew left the set for the alien town of Mos Espa intact The set is slowly being engulfed by a moving sand dune Tourists need to move quickly if they want to see this piece of film history
CNN  -- The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a car in July has been charged with criminally negligent homicide , according to police in Connecticut . Kyle Seitz , 36 , turned himself in at Ridgefield police headquarters on Tuesday afternoon , according to a statement from Capt. Jeff Kreitz . After being processed , Seitz was released on a written promise to appear in Danbury Superior Court on Wednesday morning , Kreitz said . The death of Benjamin Seitz was ruled a homicide in August . On July 7 , Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care , but the dropoff never occurred , his wife , Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN in July . Seitz drove to work and at the end of the day he went to pick Benjamin up at day care , only to realize he was not there , authorities said . When Seitz realized his son was in the car , he rushed the child to the hospital , but Benjamin had died . The cause of the boy 's death was hyperthermia due to environmental exposure , according to the state medical examiner . Neither Seitz nor his attorney immediately responded immediately to CNN 's requests for comment Tuesday . Grieving mother 's mission to stop hot car deaths The Connecticut death came a month after a similar incident in suburban Atlanta garnered national headlines . In the latter instance , a grand jury ended up indicting Justin Ross Harris on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder , over the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . Through his attorneys , Harris has claimed that he forgot to drop off the boy at daycare and mistakenly left him in his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on a day when the temperature topped 92 degrees . At least 44 children died in 2013 from heatstroke caused by being left in cars in the United States , according to the national nonprofit organization KidsAndCars.org . At least 30 children have died this year for the same reason . Over the past decade , the group figures , there have been at least 388 children who have died of vehicular heatstroke .	Kyle Seitz turns himself in , faces charge 15-month-old Benjamin Seitz was left in his father 's hot car on July 7 State medical examiner ruled death a homicide
CNN  -- Before dying , 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers was beaten with belts , picked up by her hair , thrown across the room and held under water , according to an affidavit from the Galveston County Sheriff 's Office . Police believe 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers is "  Baby Grace . " The affidavit says the girl 's mother , Kimberly Dawn Trenor , described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that Trenor and her husband , Royce Zeigler , later dumped into a Galveston waterway . Trenor told police Zeigler tried to commit suicide the weekend before Thanksgiving , and wrote a note that said , "  My wife is innocent of the sins that I committed . " The body of the then-unidentified toddler was found on October 29 . A fisherman found Riley 's body stuffed inside a blue storage container that washed up on an uninhabited island in Galveston 's West Bay . A medical examiner said the child 's skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at 2 to 3 years . Police dubbed the child "  Baby Grace . " A police artist 's sketch of her was widely circulated in the news media and prompted a call to Galveston police from Riley 's grandmother in Ohio , who had not seen the girl in months . On Saturday , police arrested Trenor and Zeigler on charges of injuring a child and tampering with physical evidence , the sheriff 's department said . Their bonds were set at $ 350,000 each . The affidavit , obtained by CNN , says when police interviewed Trenor on November 23 , she "  gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement , with Royce Zeigler , in the physical abuse , death and disposal of the remains of her daughter , Riley Ann Sawyers . " Trenor 's statement said on July 24 , she and Zeigler both beat the child with leather belts and held her head under water in the bathtub . She said Zeigler picked the girl up by her hair and also threw her across the room , slamming her head into the tile floor . After her daughter died , Trenor 's statement said , she and Zeigler went to a Wal-Mart that night and bought the Sterilite container , a shovel , concrete mix , and other supplies . The statement said the box containing the child 's body was hidden in a storage shed for "  one to two months . " Then , Trenor said , she and Zeigler carried it to the Galveston Causeway and tossed it in , and she saw it drifting away . Riley Ann 's father , Robert Sawyers , on Monday tearfully remembered her as a "  fun-loving girl ... with a big imagination . " Watch Riley Ann 's father describe the little girl " Riley was "  very active , very hyper , but also very well-behaved , " Sawyers told reporters in Mentor , Ohio . She would play "  with a water hose ... spraying the whole patio soaking wet until she was done with it , " he said , as he sat behind two photographs of his daughter , a toddler with wispy blond curls . Robert Sawyers ' mother , Sheryl Sawyers , said the family was "  devastated " to learn that police believe Riley is dead . "  It 's hard to think that I 'll never see her again , " she said , clutching a red Elmo doll she had planned to give Riley for Christmas . Maj. Ray Tuttoilmondo of the Galveston County Sheriff 's Department said Monday that authorities are "  fairly confident " that the toddler whose body was found on October 29 is Riley Ann Sawyers . DNA analysis is still in progress to confirm the identification . The results will be available in two to three weeks , Tuttoilmondo said . Tuttoilmondo said Riley is originally from Mentor , Ohio , a Cleveland suburb , and that "  she and her mother came down to Texas earlier this year . " The toddler was last seen in Texas "  three or four months ago , " Tuttoilmondo said , although he did not know by whom . Tuttoilmondo said police did investigate whether Child Protective Services had taken Riley away , something the mother had reportedly alleged . Of that report , Tuttoilmondo said , "  What we believe is that is not what happened . " The affidavit said Trenor admitted that after the body was found , Zeigler had her type up a fake letter from the Ohio Department of Children 's Services saying that Riley was to be taken away . Trenor left Ohio in late May , after filing an allegation of domestic violence against Robert Sawyers and reaching a joint voluntary agreement that gave her custody of Riley and gave Robert Sawyers visitation rights , the Sawyers ' family lawyer said Monday . "  She disappeared , " Laura DePledge said Monday at the Ohio news conference with the Sawyers . Sheryl Sawyers said Monday that she saw widely distributed police sketches of "  Baby Grace " and contacted Galveston police in November . The girl in the police sketches strongly resembles photos of Riley . "  No , I never did think it would end up like this , " Sheryl Sawyers said Monday , eyes welling . "  I guess knowing is better than not knowing . " The girl 's family in Ohio has been "  very helpful " in this case , Tuttoilmondo said , adding that the FBI and a Galveston County police officer visited the family in Ohio on Sunday . DePledge said Riley was the product of a "  teenage pregnancy . " Trenor and Robert Sawyers were together for two years as a result of the pregnancy , DePledge said , during which time they lived with Sheryl Sawyers . DePledge said Monday that the family , whose grief she described as "  simply overwhelming , " wants Riley 's body returned to Ohio for a memorial service . "  What Riley needs is to be brought home , " she said . "  I think this family needs some closure . " Tuttoilmondo asked anyone who knew the child or her family to help detectives reconstruct the events of Riley 's short life . The toddler 's case has touched even hardened police officers , he said . "  Any way you look at it , we carry a piece of her with us , and we 'll always carry a little piece of her with us , " he said Monday . He held up a small , pink-and-white shoe identical to those the child was wearing when she was found . "  That says it all . A little-bitty shoe . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Police affidavit quotes mother 's statement about beating that killed girl Mother 's husband threw Riley Ann Sawyers across room , affidavit says Husband later attempted suicide , mother told police Riley Ann 's mother and her husband arrested after a tip led to search
Chicago  CNN  -- The FBI said Saturday it has arrested an 18-year-old American man who allegedly tried to blow up a car bomb in front of a downtown Chicago bar . Adel Daoud , of the Chicago suburb of Hillside , was taken into custody Friday night after a "  rigorous " undercover operation , the FBI said . He made an initial appearance Saturday before a U.S. magistrate judge and has a preliminary hearing Monday afternoon . "  The explosives that Daoud allegedly attempted to detonate posed no threat to the public . They were inert and had been supplied by undercover law enforcement personnel , " said Gary Shapiro , the acting U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois . Daoud , a U.S. citizen , was charged Saturday with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely explosives , and one count of attempting to damage and destroy a building by means of an explosive , the FBI said . If convicted , he faces a maximum of life in prison for the first charge and 20 years for the second . CNN could not determine Saturday whether Daoud had an attorney . According to the FBI , Daoud began sending e-mails in October of last year that regarded violent jihad and the killing of Americans . In May , undercover agents contacted Daoud , who "  confirmed his belief in the propriety of killing Americans in a terrorist attack , " either in the United States or overseas , and started seeking online resources for an attack , the FBI said . Another undercover agent who said he was an operational terrorist started dealing with Daoud , who drafted a list of approximately 29 potential targets , including military recruiting centers , bars , malls , and other tourist attractions in the Chicago area , according to the affidavit filed Saturday in federal court . He then selected , researched and surveilled a target for attack with an explosive device supplied by the undercover agent , the FBI said . Daoud and the undercover agent met Friday night and drove to downtown Chicago with plans to blow up a car bomb in front of a bar . During the drive , Daoud led the undercover agent in a prayer that the pair -- Daoud and the agent -- succeed in their attack , kill many people , and cause destruction , the FBI said . They drove up to a Jeep containing the purported explosive device , the FBI said , and Daoud then parked it in front of the downtown bar . According to the affidavit , Daoud walked to a nearby alley and , in the presence of the undercover agent , attempted to detonate the device . He was then arrested .	The man allegedly tried to detonate a car bomb at a Chicago bar Undercover FBI agents monitored the entire alleged plan , the agency says The FBI says the man is a U.S. citizen who wanted to carry out jihad The man made an initial court appearance in federal court Saturday
CNN  -- Four-year-old Jacob Spillers was trapped in mud so thick it was like freshly poured concrete . But the little trouper did n't panic as rescuers worked to free him from the mudslide that had swallowed most of his house and trapped his father and some other family members Saturday . "  He did n't cry . He did n't move . He just stood there and was a very composed little man , " Ed Hrivnak , a volunteer pilot for the Snohomish County Helicopter Rescue Team , told CNN on Tuesday . Jacob was upstairs when the mudslide swept through the house . His father and three half-siblings have yet to be found . Randy Fay , a helicopter rescue team coordinator for Snohomish County , on Wednesday recalled spotting the boy "  out in the middle of nowhere " not long after his crew first flew over the scene Saturday . "  We have no clue how he ended up there by himself , " Fay said . "  There were  no homes , no nothing . " Jacob 's dramatic rescue was recorded by a camera on the Snohomish rescue team 's helicopter . It was an uneasy save . The helicopter could n't set down on the uneven , sticky soil so it hovered a few feet above the ground . The rotors sucked up debris , chopping up insulation and spitting it all over the scene . Two men who lived nearby saw the child ; one managed to get to him , but no one could get any traction in what Fay described as "  a mushy slurry  that  once you got into it , there was no way to push yourself up . " By the time rescuers got to the boy , his pants had fallen to around his ankles . They came off entirely "  when we pulled him out of the mud , " Fay remembered . That left the boy "  shivering badly " wearing only his underwear and a sleeveless T-shirt , according to Fay . But at least he could get warm , and at least he was safe . And he was calm as he was passed up into the arms of crew chief Beau Beckner . "  That little guy was very brave , " Beckner wrote on the rescue team 's Facebook page . Another woman rescued that Saturday , Robin Youngblood , recalled talking to the boy and cradling him in a blanket . "  I said , ` Honey I 'm a grandma , I 'll take care of you until we figure this out , ' " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday . " ... I sang him songs , and I just tried to help him stay calm . " Jacob 's mother , Jonielle Spillers , is safe . She was at work during Saturday 's mudslide , which killed at least 16 people and destroyed much of two towns north of Seattle . Another eight bodies have been found but not recovered , officials said . As of Wednesday , a county official said that 90 people were officially missing or unaccounted for . Governor : Washington landslide toll likely to rise significantly	NEW : Rescuer : "  We have no clue how he ended up there by himself " NEW : A neighbor recalls cradling boy in blanket , singing to him after rescue Young Jacob , who was upstairs , was rescued ; search continues for his father , 3 half-siblings Rescue team 's crew chief said the boy was extremely brave under trying circumstances
CNN  -- Yes , it was a fact . But no , it was n't fun . Not for E! and especially not for Michael J. Fox . The entertainment network laid an egg on the red carpet Sunday in its lead up to the Golden Globe Awards when it listed Fox 's 1991 diagnosis with Parkinson 's disease as a "  Fun Fact . " The graphic appeared on E! 's Internet coverage , not on television . "  We regret the insensitive classification of Michael J Fox 's Parkinson 's diagnosis during our E online live stream , " the network said . "  We understand the serious nature of the disease and sincerely apologize . " Fox appeared on the red carpet with his wife Tracy Pollen . He was nominated for best actor in a comedy for his new NBC show , "  The Michael J. Fox Show . " The 52-year-old actor first rose to fame in the early 1980s in the sitcom "  Family Ties , " before starring in the "  Back to the Future " trilogy and the "  Spin City " TV series . As his Parkinson 's progressed , Fox continued to act , although less regularly until his TV show debuted in the fall . He had recurring roles on "  Boston Legal " and "  The Good Wife . " 5 things we learned from the 2014 Golden Globes	E! listed Fox 's Parkinson 's diagnosis as a "  Fun Fact " during online coverage Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 1991 He now stars in a new sitcom "  The Michael J. Fox Show " Fox rose to fame in the 1980s on the TV show "  Family Ties "
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed into an oil drilling platform off the coast of Dubai , killing all seven people on board , officials said Thursday . The helicopter which crashed was a Bell 212 , the same model as pictured above . Among the victims were an American and a Briton , said Hanan Moussa of the United Arab Emirates ' General Civil Aviation Authority . Also killed were two Indians , a Pakistani , a Filipino and a Venezuelan , Moussa said . The Bell 212 helicopter crashed Wednesday on the deck of an oil rig , then broke up and fell into the sea , said a spokesman for AeroGulf Services -- which operated the chopper . A fire broke out aboard the rig , located about 43 miles  70 km  off the coast of Dubai . The fire was quickly contained , the AeroGulf spokesman said . Authorities have launched an investigation into the cause of the crash . CNN 's Ammar Ben Aziz and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Helicopter crashes into an oil drilling platform off Dubai , killing seven people Victims were : American , British , Indian , Pakistani , Filipino and Venezuelan Bell 212 helicopter crashed on the deck of the oil rig
CNN  -- In the midst of intense national gun debate , lawmakers in Pennsylvania proposed a tougher gun law -- but only for the city of Philadelphia . New legislation calls for a two-year minimum sentence for any illegal firearm possession in the city , bumping the current misdemeanor charge up to a felony . State Sen. Larry Farnese of Philadelphia , a Democrat , and Rep. John Taylor of Philadelphia , a Republican , joined with local officials to announce the proposal in hopes of decreasing violence in the city . In a news release issued Thursday , the day the legislation was introduced , Farnese said that "  it gives Philadelphia 's law enforcement community an important new tool that will help curb gun violence and keep illegal weapons out of the hands of criminals . " Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams added that the change would "  make the message loud and clear -- if you carry an illegal gun in Philadelphia , you will go to prison . " Other state officials are positive about the proposal , even though it would apply only to Philadelphia . "  In urban areas , it 's a much more chronic issue . I think we have to do something about the gun situation there , " Sen. Stewart J. Greenleaf said Friday . Greenleaf , a Republican representing parts of Montgomery and Bucks counties , just outside the city , is a part of the Senate committee that will review the legislation . He said his only concern is the wording making the sentence mandatory , which he said might imprison people who do n't belong in jail , such as those whose gun permits might have expired without their knowledge . A study by the Police Executive Research Forum last year called Philadelphia the nation 's most violent city in the nation , with a homicide rate well above other municipalities . The proposal was made on the same day that neighboring Connecticut and Maryland passed sweeping gun legislation . Connecticut 's new law bans some weapons as well as the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines such as those used in the Newtown shooting in December that left 20 children and six adults dead in a school . It also requires background checks for all gun purchases . In Maryland , the legislation includes a ban on assault-style weapons and sets a 10-round limit for gun magazines . It also will require training for many first-time gun owners and bans some individuals with mental health issues from gun ownership . The proposed legislation will be reviewed by committees in the Pennsylvania Senate and House .	The new law would apply only to the city of Philadelphia It calls for a two-year minimum sentence for any illegal firearm possession in the city "  In urban areas , it 's a much more chronic issue , " a legislator says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's poll numbers are nothing to brag about , but there 's little evidence he has suffered so far this year a "  Katrina moment " that caused his predecessor 's numbers to plummet . A new CNN/ORC International survey indicates that public opinion of the President has barely budged in the wake of new challenges that Obama has faced this year . According to the poll , which was released Wednesday , the President 's approval rating among Americans stands at 42 % . That 's not great , but it 's basically unchanged since March . Only 42 % believe that Obama can manage the government effectively . Again , nothing to celebrate , but it 's virtually unchanged from the 43 % who felt that way in March . "  When Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans and the Gulf Coast in 2005 , the biggest impact on attitudes toward George W. Bush came in the number who said that he could manage the government effectively . That number dropped 10 points , and no other personal quality measured at that time changed as much , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Using that as a definition of a ` Katrina moment , ' it looks like Obama has not experienced a similar drop in the summer of 2014 , in part because his numbers already took that hit last year and have stabilized since then . " The survey indicates there have been one-to-two point changes  which are within the poll 's sampling error  in the number of Americans who say that Obama is a strong leader , that he shares their values and that he cares about people . "  Once again , those numbers are not good news for the White House , but the clear indication is that the President 's problems pre-date the current immigration crisis along the Mexican border or anything else that has happened this summer , and that those problems have not made things significantly worse for the President , " Holland added . Obama drop started last year Obama 's numbers edged down during the late spring and summer of 2013 following controversies over the Edward Snowden intelligence leaks and congressional investigations into the IRS ' alleged targeting of conservative political groups . Then came October and the politically charged botched rollout of the website for Obamacare , his signature domestic policy achievement . Coupled with legislative setbacks , many pundits labeled 2013 the worst year of Obama 's presidency . And for the first time since taking over at the White House in 2009 , a majority of the public surveyed disapproved of his job performance . Obama 's approval ratings slightly rebounded earlier this year before edging down to their current standing in the low 40s in most national public opinion polling . The release of the new CNN poll comes after the crisis along the southern border dominated headlines for weeks . Prior to that controversy , the scandal rocking the Department of Veterans Affairs was in the media spotlight . The President is also facing two pressing international challenges : the bloody fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas , and the shooting down of a Malaysian airliner over a part of eastern Ukraine controlled by pro-Russian separatists . Prior to these two international flashpoints , Obama was dealing with the increased bloodshed in Iraq , the ongoing civil war in Syria , as well as the controversial swapping of five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay for the release of a U.S. soldier held captive in Afghanistan . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International from July 18-20 , with 1,012 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	President Obama 's approval rating is 42 % in new CNN/ORC International poll His approval rating stood at 43 % in a poll in March "  President 's problems pre-date the current immigration crisis " CNN polling director says Big drop in Obama 's approval rating happened during 2013
CNN  -- Microsoft 's new video game console , the Xbox One , made its long-awaited debut last month . The real story here is n't about video games , though . A lot has changed in the seven years since the current Xbox 360 launched . Gaming on mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets has exploded while traditional console gaming remains relatively stagnant . The challenge for any new video game console is to make it more than just a fancy computer that reads game discs . So how does the Xbox One try to differentiate itself ? Television . The Xbox One is designed to be the hub for all your living room entertainment , not just games . It can plug into your cable box and pipe live TV through your console using an HDMI cable , meaning you wo n't have to switch inputs . Instead of seeing your cable company 's clunky on-screen menu system , you get a new guide designed by Microsoft that can can recommend shows and let you change the channel using your voice . Microsoft 's demos of TV on the Xbox One were pretty impressive , too . You can seamlessly and instantaneously switch between a game , Blu-Ray movie or live cable TV without fiddling with a remote control . Just say out loud what you want to watch , and the Xbox will do the rest . There are also a few content deals with ESPN and the NFL that let you manage your fantasy sports teams while watching games live . Pretty cool , right ? Unfortunately , the Xbox One wo n't work like magic for everyone , and it 's pretty clear that Microsoft has hit the same roadblocks Google , Apple and others have when it comes to revolutionizing the way we watch TV . There are a lot of cable TV features the Xbox One wo n't be able to re-create , at least at first . You wo n't be able to watch on-demand shows . You wo n't be able to record shows to the Xbox 's hard drive . And it can directly integrate with your cable box only if you have a newer model with an HDMI cable , meaning many people will have to use an old-fashioned infrared sensor instead . Fans air concerns about new PlayStation , Xbox You 're still limited to watching whatever happens to be on live TV , which , unfortunately for Microsoft , is n't the only way people watch TV anymore . We 've been through this before . Two years ago , Google introduced Google TV , which also adds a Web-powered layer on top of cable . It was an interesting concept but one that has still failed to take off with the public . The service still relies on a regular cable box , and at its core , it 's just another fancy interface that tries to improve your regular on-screen menu . Now for some good news . Microsoft still has the option to improve the Xbox One 's TV features through software updates . After the console 's announcement last week , Xbox hardware boss Todd Holmdahl told me it would be possible to allow the Xbox One to act as a DVR in a future update , just like other third-party DVRs such as TiVo . In the end , though , the Xbox One , or any other video game console or streaming box like Roku or Apple TV , wo n't be able to truly change TV until it can clear a huge obstacle : persuading major cable companies to ditch their set-top boxes and use theirs instead . Copyright  2011 Business Insider .	The forthcoming Xbox One is designed to be the hub for all your living room entertainment Switch between a game , Blu-Ray movie or live cable TV without a remote control But Microsoft has hit the same roadblocks as Google and Apple when it comes to changing TV The challenge is convincing major cable companies to ditch their set-top boxes
Washington  CNN  -- On the eve of the inauguration , President Barack Obama 's second term may also be America 's second chance . The country , in the last four years , has been battered by an economic earthquake while trying to reconcile a debt load threatening to cripple the next generation . It has been pulled apart by political extremism and the inability to compromise in Washington . The people have been divided -- by demographic shifts , cultural battles and clashes between the rich and the poor , the haves and the have-nots . So , days before the president 's second inaugural , the nation , too , is set to regroup . What it does differently this time around and the decisions the people make , experts say , will speak to the kind of America that emerges during the next four years . Second inaugural address puts Obama in select company "  The enormous promise that everyone felt four years ago , it is n't completely gone but we have diminished our horizons , " said Robert Schmuhl , an American studies professor at the University of Notre Dame . "  We have learned that we are now living in an era of limits . " Obama is perhaps more keenly aware of this than most . Hope and hurdles The 44th President was ushered into the Oval Office by a wave of seemingly limitless optimism and buoyed by the historic nature of his presidency as the first African American elected to the lead the free world . But once in office , he found his efforts to right an economy hobbled by high unemployment -- 10 % at its worse in 2009 -- and home foreclosure rates -- one in 29 homes were in foreclosure between 2007 and 2012 -- were limited by the magnitude of the problem and the political realities of a partisan Congress . His plan to reform the nation 's healthcare system further expanded political divides in Washington and helped lead to huge losses among his party 's moderates in the 2010 election . His re-election this fall -- due in no small part to demographic shifts that included large numbers of minorities and women -- was quickly followed by a protracted and deeply partisan showdown over trimming the nation 's debt . By the numbers : Presidential inaugurations "  I think Obama has learned some things , " said Curtis Gans , director of American University 's Center for the Study of the American Electorate . "  He 's going to be unlike most second term presidents in that he will be far more assertive than he was in his first term . He will be stronger on pushback against some of the most extreme elements in the Republican House . He 's willing to go to battle on the whole concept of getting the economy moving . " The public saw hints of that assertiveness on Monday during a surprise news conference , where he lashed out at Republicans in Congress for playing politics with the debt ceiling . "  We are not a deadbeat nation , " Obama said during a nearly hour-long briefing from the East Room of the White House . It a newly combative tone , he called it "  absurd " for the federal government not to pay "  bills that have already been racked up " and said he will not negotiate "  with a gun at the head of the American people . " From Obamacare to the economy to Sandy Hook Over the next four years , the country will also get a chance to see whether the Affordable Care Act -- or "  Obamacare " -- is a positive or negative step for the nation . In 2014 , many of the most controversial provisions , including requiring individuals to either participate in a health insurance program or pay a penalty , take effect . "  We will see whether or not we have the strength within ourselves to figure out how we should deal with entitlement programs , " Schmuhl said . "  In a way , it 's a period when the administration will be dealing with problems that are in process . " Obama 's ability -- or failure -- to navigate all of this while coming off as a strong , levelheaded leader could help set the nation 's tone for years to come . "  If the economy becomes more robust you will have no doubt he will point back and say see that 's what I was doing , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and CNN contributor . Reagan , Clinton faced similar issues It 's what happened when former President Ronald Reagan , who led the nation at a time when the country was reeling from a tough economy and just starting to get over the Vietnam War . In his second term "  there was a sense America was moving in the right direction in terms of how it was doing around the globe , " Zelizer said . When former President Bill Clinton took office the economy was n't doing well , but by the second term the economy was picking up , allowing him to deliver a balanced budget and ultimate surplus by the end of his presidency . "  There was clearly a shift in the mood , " Zelizer said . "  In both cases , the presidents were good at claiming credit for it . " Mood matters in the age of austerity Everyday folks have learned to cut back and suck it up -- some after finding themselves underwater on mortgages they could not afford to pay ; others after losing jobs that their companies could no longer afford to keep . So , Americans have been using their credit cards less and paying down debt more -- household debt as a percentage of disposable personal income is at its lowest rate in almost 30 years , according to the Federal Reserve and credit card balances had reached their lowest level in more than a decade . And many expect the same discipline from their government . "  Americans will be realistic , just as those in government need to be realistic , " Schmuhl said of citizens ' likely approach to their own finances over the next four years . But , as Obama enters his second term , both the housing and job markets have been on a slow and steady uptick . Housing sales were up 6 % in 2012 -- the biggest gain since 2005 , according to CoreLogic -- and the unemployment rate had dropped to 7.8 % in December , although there are still 4.8 million Americans -- or 39.1 % of the jobless -- classified as long-term unemployed , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . "  Going into the second term , the fiscal situation will continue the agenda and the discussion , " he said . "  It will say a lot about us and where not only the government but the nation might be going . If it is difficult and , shall we say , fractured and there 's a sense coming out of it that things are not working as they should my guess is that the public will begin saying : ` When will Washington work on our behalf ? ' " Governing on a deadline That sentiment was foreshadowed in the frustration over the down-to-the-wire , partisan political maneuvering as the last Congress sought to avert the fiscal cliff 's steepest domestic spending cuts . Obama appeared to prevail on that skirmish , delivering on a promise to raise tax rates on wealthy Americans -- although he shifted his definition of "  wealthy " from those making $ 250,000 or more to those making $ 400,000 and up . According to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls , Americans were none too impressed with how lawmakers handled the negotiations or the deal that was struck . Some 41 % of those polled disapproved of the deal , according to Pew , and 52 % thought the deal would hurt people like them . In the Gallup poll , 67 % - disapproved of congressional Republicans ' handled the negotiations while 55 % disapproved of how Democrats performed . Still , partly due to deliberate redistricting to protect -- or create -- more partisan congressional districts , American voters continued to elect or re-elect safe representatives to do their bidding in Congress . For instance , most of the 435 members of the House of Representatives -- Republicans and Democrats -- faced little real opposition on Election Day in 2012 . Other battlegrounds : Sequester , gun control , immigration But the next battle looms . Just weeks after Obama takes his oath of office , a new Congress will be tasked with addressing the automatic spending cuts , or sequester , that were kicked down the road in order to pass a smaller deal at the end of the year . The new Congress will also consider raising the nation 's debt ceiling , or the ability of the U.S. Treasury to borrow money to pay America 's bills . Most agree that defaulting on the nation 's obligations would be disastrous for America and the global economy , but some Republicans in Congress are starting to hint that they may be prepared to let that happen anyway if large spending cuts are not secured . And after that , the fight over gun control , a high priority for the White House in the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre , will pit the president against many members of the House and Senate from safe districts with high ratings and big-dollar donations from gun rights advocates . The president and vice president unveiled a major plan on Wednesday that included 23 executive actions the president has ordered on his own , while urging the new Congress to take on the meaty issues of an assault weapons ban , limits on the number of bullets a gun magazine can hold , and other sweeping reforms the gun lobby and others say would gut the constitutional right to bear arms . Immigration reform , another White House priority , will also stoke ideological differences and test the demographic shifts in Congress . For the first time , the House Democratic caucus is dominated by women and racial minorities , while the Republican caucus in that chamber is largely composed of white men . In the Senate , 20 women -- the largest number in history -- currently hold office . But women and minorities are far outnumbered and outranked by white males on some of the most powerful congressional committees . And despite several high-ranking exceptions , Obama 's Cabinet -- so far -- is shaping up to be largely male and white . "  The first thing we learned is that we 're not post-race . That was a lot of willful imagining in '08 that his election would allow us to transcend these questions of race , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a cultural and Black studies professor at Duke University . "  The American electorate is looking different in terms of race and ethnicity and young folks being engaged . In 2016 our political realities will look more like our demographic realities . " And that 's where the nation 's shift over the next four years may be most visible . But look first to the 2014 midterms and then the 2016 presidential election to see if the people signal continued frustration with the current regime -- in Congress and in the White House -- or demonstrate through the power of their vote that they feel the nation has finally turned the corner .	Reeling from the turmoil of the last four years , the country may be ready to regroup President Obama , adopting a more assertive posture , will need to still persuade a divided country to get things done The economy is improving , the nation 's demographics are shifting and a new America is emerging
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Chris Lawrence uncovers the challenges facing high school students in Los Angeles , as part of the weeklong "  Broken Schools " series airing this week on CNN 's American Morning , weekdays at 6 a.m. ET At L.A. 's Jefferson High School nearly 75 percent of the parents of students did not finish high school . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- It 's the first week of their freshman year and four girls are gossiping outside of Jefferson High School as they wait for the bell to head inside . If the numbers stay true , only one or two of them will graduate from high school . One of the girls , Ana Rosa Gutierrez , already says she does n't like school . She calls it boring and says , "  School does n't give you money . You have to go ... drop out to go work and get money to support your family . " Ana Rosa is 13 years old . I ask her if she 's known anyone who left school . But I should have asked her if she 's known anyone who stayed . "  Most of my brother 's friends dropped out . My brother dropped out because we needed money , he got a job , " says Ana Rosa . "  How old was he , " I ask . "  I think , 16 , " she replies . We listen to teachers take attendance during first period and look at all the empty seats in the classroom . "  Louis Romero ? Louis ? He 's absent , " the teacher remarks . That 's not unusual at Jefferson High School , where 58 percent of students , nearly six out of 10 students , drop out . See why the school 's dropout rate is so high " "  I 'm not proud of having the highest dropout rate in the system , " says Principal Juan Flecha . But there are many factors beyond his control . The families are for the most part poor . Many are held together by single mothers who do n't have much money . So there 's pressure in homes like Ana Rosa 's for teens to get a job and help the family . But it 's much deeper than that . The school is located in an area of Los Angeles where new immigrants settle , mostly from Mexico and Central America . About half of the students are learning English as a second language and it 's not often reinforced at home . Jefferson has extended the school day to increase time spent on language arts , but Superintendent David Brewer asks , "  How do you teach a child to not only learn a language , but master the language to the extent they can learn algebra ? And learn Shakespeare ? " Nearly 75 percent of the parents of Jefferson High students did not graduate from high school . So there 's no history of education to draw from . Still , the school is trying to hold parents accountable by working with the city attorney 's "  Operation Bright Future , " a school truancy and gang prevention program . "  If their students are absent a lot , then the city attorney goes to the parents and says ` Listen if you do n't get your kids in school then you could be in jail , ' " says Brewer . You ca n't separate the school from its neighborhood . Jefferson had to be locked down on the first day of school after there was a shooting just a half-block away . Students like Ana Rosa have to adopt an almost military mind-set just to get here , devising strategic routes through gang territory . "  One of the sad things is ... there are certain blocks where they know that it 's just not safe to go through there , " says Flecha . "  And , they have to establish a very elaborate pathway from home to school . " There are signs of hope . In 2005 , only half of the seniors passed the graduation exam . Last year , nearly three out of four students passed . Jefferson has beefed up security inside the school and has created a program that allows students choose their own track : teacher preparation , global leadership , business or creative arts . So-called "  dropout advisors " have increased home visits to students who have stopped coming to class . Jefferson recently qualified for nearly $ 2 million in state funds and it plans to hire 10 new teachers and a psychiatric social worker . But will it be enough to keep students like Ana Rosa , who does n't see school as anything that can make her life better ? As she walks through the front door of Jefferson , I ask her if she thinks she 'll stay . "  Hopefully . Hopefully , I will . I do n't know , " she responds . "  But you 're not sure , " I prod . "  I 'm not sure , " she says .	Nearly 58 percent , or 6 out of 10 , Jefferson High School students will drop out Ana Rosa Gutierrez , 13 , does n't like school ; her brother quit to support the family Some students must devise strategic routes through gang territory to get to school School holds parents accountable through city 's truancy , gang prevention program
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court dealt federal prosecutors dual setbacks Monday in efforts to prosecute the laundering of drug ring and organized crime profits . The Supreme Court considered a pair of cases involving hidden money and an illegal gambling ring . The justices ruled that merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering . Justices also concluded that prosecutors had to prove that an illegal gambling ring had laundered profits of its betting , rather than just proceeds . In a unanimous ruling , the justices overturned the federal conviction of Humberto Regaldo Cuellar , who had run afoul of the "  transportation " part of the international money-laundering law when his car was stopped by a deputy sheriff near Eldorado , Texas . Inside the car , officers found nearly $ 81,000 in cash wrapped in duct-taped bundles and hidden in a secret compartment covered with animal hair , presumably to trick drug-sniffing dogs . Police suspected the money came from drug trafficking and arrested Cuellar , who had been heading for Mexico when he was stopped . Cuellar was convicted and sentenced to 78 months in prison . Federal law requires proof the transportation was "  designed to conceal or disguise the nature , location , the source , the ownership , or the control " of the money . Writing for the high court , Justice Clarence Thomas said prosecutors failed to prove the reason for moving the money across the border was to hide its source , as part of an alleged international drug ring . "  Although the evidence suggested Cuellar 's transportation would have the effect of concealing funds , the evidence did not demonstrate that such concealment was the purpose of the transportation " Thomas wrote . Congress passed a law in 1986 designed to prevent the laundering , or "  washing , " of criminal funds through legitimate enterprises and overseas bank accounts . In the other case , the high court split 5-4 in concluding that prosecutors failed to show money used to pay couriers in alleged gambling operation were "  profits , " rather than "  gross proceeds . " The case involved Efrain Santos and Benedicto Diaz , convicted of running an illegal lottery in Indiana since the 1970s . Santos allegedly used a network of "  runners " and "  collectors " to run the enterprise , and Diaz was a collector who gathered money from the runners and delivered it to Santos . "  The money laundering charges brought against Santos were based on his payments to the lottery winners and his employees , and the money laundering charge brought against Diaz was based on his receipt of payments as an employer , " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in a very narrow opinion . "  Neither type of transaction can fairly be characterized as involving the lottery 's profits , " Scalia added . "  Indeed , the government did not try to prove , and the defendants have not admitted , that they laundered criminal profits . " Scalia noted the high court 's ruling would not overly burden prosecutors , saying only one instance of "  profitability " would be required to prove money laundering . "  What counts is whether the receipts from the charged unlawful act exceeded the costs fairly attributable to it , " he said , adding the government "  exaggerates " the difficulty it would have to do that . Although Scalia wrote the main ruling , it was Justice John Paul Stevens who provided the critical fifth vote for a majority , and his concurring views will probably provide the controlling opinion to guide lower courts in similar cases down the road . Stevens did not go as far as Scalia wanted , saying Congress failed by writing an "  ambiguous " law that only confused judges . He said lawmakers seemed to want a broader interpretation of "  proceeds " as the term applied to money laundering . Justices Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy , Stephen Breyer , and Chief Justice John Roberts dissented .	In one case , court rules that hiding money not same as money laundering In another , justices say prosecutors have to prove gambling ring laundered "  profits " Cases involved cash hidden in car , illegal Indiana lottery
CNN  -- Several Syrian rockets landed early Wednesday in the Mount Hermon area of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , on the border with Syria , the Israeli military said . "  Initial reports indicate that the rockets are a result of  the  domestic situation in Syria , " a spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces said . "  As a result the Hermon side of the mountain will be temporarily closed for visitors . " The Israel Defense Forces has been in touch with the U.N. force stationed between the two countries , the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force , over the incident , it said . Internet down in Syria , again According to the website for Mount Hermon , it is the highest point in Israel and is visited by skiers in winter and hikers the rest of the year . A chair lift runs up the mountain , part of which is a designated military zone . The Golan Heights , formerly Syrian territory , were seized by Israel in 1967 . The two countries signed an armistice in 1974 , following the Yom Kippur War , and U.N. forces have been stationed there since . Is Syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? It 's not the first time Syria 's civil war has spilled over into the Golan Heights area . Four U.N. peacekeepers were released Sunday , five days after they were seized by armed men while patrolling between Syria and the Israeli-occupied territory . In March , 22 peacekeepers were held for four days by rebels . The United Nations called on Syrian and rebel troops at that time to honor the impartiality of the U.N. troops stationed in the Golan Heights . Tensions in the area have been heightened recently and Israel has twice conducted strikes against Syria . Video : Syrian rebel cuts out soldier 's heart , eats it	Several rockets land in the northern Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , Israel 's military says Initial reports indicate they are a result of the conflict between Syria 's armed forces and rebels Israel 's Mount Hermon will be temporarily closed to visitors , the Israeli military says
KUALA LUMPUR , Malaysia  Reuters  -- Malaysia defended on Friday its practice of caning criminals after a disturbing video of a prison-yard caning session burst onto the Internet , reigniting criticism from lawyers and human rights advocates . In the video , a naked man is shown strapped to an upright wooden frame , his rear exposed to a uniformed official who lifts a meter-long rattan stick above his head before bringing it down on the prisoner 's buttocks , tearing the flesh with each strike . The video , in which the moaning and shaking prisoner is struck six times , has spread quickly across the Internet , capturing headlines in the Web sites of some European newspapers and forcing the Malaysian government on to the defensive . "  The government at this stage has no plans to abolish the cane as part of punishment , " Deputy Internal Security Minister Fu Ah Kiow told Reuters by telephone . He said the video was an official recording that had been leaked onto the Internet . The video had been produced for deterrent purposes , with excerpts shown during anti-narcotic education sessions to would-be drug dealers , he added . "  This video was taken officially by us for a demonstration purpose , but it is not supposed to have the victim 's face identified . Somehow somebody must have taped  copied  it . " Malaysia is not alone in caning criminals , which critics say breaches human rights norms , including the U.N. Convention Against Torture . Neighboring Singapore also wields the rattan stick and caused a U.S. outcry 13 years ago when it caned an American teenager , Michael Fay , four times for vandalism . But Malaysia 's Bar Council , which represents about 12,000 lawyers , recently called for a ban on caning , saying the "  cruel " practice was rising in Malaysia , especially on illegal immigrants after hasty hearings arranged at crammed detention centers . "  They have started imposing the caning sentence in a more rigorous way and it can affect anyone who comes in  to Malaysia  without a passport or papers , so it happens to asylum-seekers and refugees , " said Latheefa Koya , of the council 's Legal Aid Center . The government denied use of the cane was widespread against illegal immigrants and Deputy Internal Security Minister Fu said it was reserved mainly for the traffickers of illegal immigrants in addition to drug-traffickers and violent criminals . Fu said the government also faced calls from victims of crime for the use of the cane to be maintained or even increased for some serious crimes "  in view of the crime rate in Malaysia " . Crime is seen as a major electoral issue in the run-up to a possible early general election , expected early next year . "  We respect the view of the Bar Council but there are many other views from the people and also from the victims of crimes that there should be an increase  in caning  , " Fu said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Malaysia defends caning of criminals after video hits Internet Clip shows naked man strapped to wooden frame being punished Meter-long rattan stick strikes prisoner 's buttocks , tearing the flesh
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Five people were killed in clashes between rival forces in the Yemeni capital Sanaa as nationwide protests against the government continued Wednesday . Of the dead in Sanaa , two were loyal to Gen. Ali Muhsen Al-Ahmar , who has defected to the opposition , a government security official said . The other three were regime soldiers . Government forces were sending in armored vehicles as reinforcements to the demonstrations in Sanaa , the official said . Thousands of Yemenis took to the streets in Aden , Taiz , Hodeida and Dhamar . In addition to the dead in Sanaa , two people were killed in Aden , according to medical staff at the city 's Naqeeb Hospital . Meanwhile , Yemen 's attorney general threatened to resign unless the government went after the killers of anti-government protesters last month . Abdullah Al-Olufi said "  those who were responsible for killing almost 60 protesters and injuring hundreds of others should be identified and brought to justice soon . " "  If the security authorities do n't identify those responsible for the massacre including those who were masked , I will step down , " Al-Olufi said as public and external pressure mounts on President Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down . Protests erupted in Yemen this week despite an attempt by Persian Gulf nations to decrease tensions . The Gulf Cooperation Council has urged Saleh to transfer powers to his vice president , a move that falls short with the protesters who returned to the streets for marches . Opposition leaders vowed not to back down . The Joint Meeting Parties bloc , Yemen 's largest opposition group , said the Gulf initiative "  does not clearly state that Saleh must step down and only focuses on Saleh 's transferring power . " "  We all know the VP is not strong and will never be able to tell Saleh no , even if all his powers are transferred , " said senior bloc official Hasan Zaid . Saleh , in power since 1978 , said he welcomes the council 's efforts to help resolve the political crisis in his country . He has said he intends to step down but only under a peaceful and constitutional transition process . He has already promised not to run in the next round of elections . The United States , which has been allied with the Saleh government in its fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has welcomed past Gulf council initiatives to resolve the crisis in Yemen . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	In all , seven deaths are reported in clashes that erupted nationwide A defected general leads forces clashing with the regime Yemen 's attorney general theratens to resign unless previous deaths are probed
CNN  -- West Bromwich Albion may have thought they had done smart business when signing Nicolas Anelka on a free transfer last year , but he cost them dear on Monday . The Frenchman 's controversial "  quenelle " gesture in December has prompted the club 's main sponsor to announce an end to their ongoing deal . After weeks of inactivity because of injury , Anelka celebrated his first English Premier League  EPL  goals of the season , against West Ham , by making a gesture that many believe is a Nazi salute in reverse . Linked to rising anti-Semitism in France , the "  quenelle " has sat uncomfortably with West Brom 's club sponsors Zoopla , a property website co-owned by a Jewish businessman , Alex Chesterman . On Monday , Zoopla said it will not renew its two-year deal beyond the end of the current season , so turning down the possibility of a one-year extension with the team lying thirteenth in the EPL . "  Zoopla has been reviewing its position over the past few weeks in light of the actions of striker , Nicolas Anelka , during the match against West Ham over the Christmas period and has decided to focus its attention on other marketing activities after this season , " the company said in a statement . Anelka has insisted that the gesture , which involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand , was a dedication to his friend -- controversial French comedian Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala , with whom the move is widely associated . "  The  meaning  of  quenelle : anti-system . I do not know what the word religion has to do with this story ! Of course , I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic , " the footballer tweeted after the incident . Media reports in England last week had suggested that Zoopla wanted Anelka to be dropped for Monday night 's match against Everton but the forward started a game that ended 1-1 . When West Brom announced the partnership with Zoopla in May 2012 , an official described it as "  the most comprehensive deal in the club 's history . " The club reacted to Zoopla 's statement by saying it had been aware that the sponsorship deal could end at the end of the current season and so "  has been planning accordingly " . Anelka is not the only sports star to be embroiled in controversy over the "  quenelle " . Several other French athletes -- basketballer Tony Parker as well as footballers Samir Nasri and Mamadou Sakho -- all having apologized for any offense caused when they were pictured making the gesture . It was popularized by Dieudonne , who ran in the European elections as an anti-Zionist and who has been fined several times in France for anti-Semitic commentary , a charge over which the 47-year-old faces an investigation by the Paris prosecutor 's office . The French government recently banned one of Dieudonne 's live performances , successfully doing so in Nantes earlier this month despite some intense legal wrangling . Anelka , meanwhile , is still waiting to hear his fate as the English Football Association concludes its investigation into the incident , which could result in a lengthy playing ban . After making the gesture at an EPL match in London on December 28 , Anelka agreed to a West Brom request to avoid any repetition of the gesture .	West Brom lose backing of sponsors Zoopla in row over Anelka goal celebration The "  quenelle " is seen by many as having anti-Semitic meaning Zoopla is co-owned by Jewish businessman Alex Chesterman
CNN  -- A Texas actress charged with sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg was found competent Wednesday to stand trial . Appearing in federal court in Texarkana , Texas , Shannon Richardson , 35 , entered a plea of not guilty to all counts . Richardson , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , initially told the FBI that her husband , Nathaniel , had sent the ricin-laced letters , but a polygraph exam found her to be "  deceptive " on the matter , authorities have said . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president , but the couple 's computer records show that her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , according to an FBI arrest affidavit . Richardson later told investigators she mailed the ricin-tainted letters , but she claimed that her husband typed the letters and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . Her husband denied involvement and claimed that his wife wanted to end their marriage and leave him . He told investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them , court papers said . Nathaniel Richardson has filed for divorce . His wife is pregnant , according to divorce papers . Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries . " What you need to know about ricin CNN 's Joe Sutton , Dana Ford , Chandler Friedman and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Shannon Richardson , 35 , enters a plea of not guilty to all counts She is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to Obama and NYC mayor Richardson has had minor roles in TV series including "  The Walking Dead "
CNN  -- Heavy crude oil flowing like a river through a central Arkansas neighborhood could keep residents away for several more days as crews work to clean it up . The oil began spilling into the Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision Friday from a 2 - or 3-inch gash in the Pegasus pipeline , which carries Canadian crude from Patoka , Illinois , to Nederland , Texas , according to a state transportation engineer . The cause of the leak was undetermined , he told CNN affiliate KARK in Little Rock . About two dozen homes were evacuated as the crude oil , which originated in Canada and was bound for Gulf Coast refineries , crawled through yards and down streets . "  Hopefully in the near immediate future we can get residents back into certain areas of the neighborhood , " Environmental Protection Agency spokesman Nicolas Brescia said Sunday as reporters were given a tour of the neighborhood . Exxon Mobil , which owns the 60-year-old pipeline , met with displaced residents over the weekend to explain how they can make claims for losses . "  If you have been harmed by this spill then we 're going to look at how to make that right , " Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. . President Gary Pruessing told them . Resident Darren Hale complained to CNN affiliate KHTV that being forced to leave his home was frustrating . "  I 've heard three contradictory answers as to when I will be able to go back home , " Hale said . He was first told it would be two days , but later that it would be up to two weeks , he said . Joe Bradley , whose home is about five houses away from the rupture , told KHTV he was worried about how the spill could affect his 8-year-old daughter 's health . "  Is she supposed to ride her bicycle out here playing with kids out here ? " Bradley asked . An around-the-clock cleanup operation began Saturday , with workers scrubbing streets and driveways in the Northwood subdivision , CNN affiliate KATV reported . "  The next step is going to be power washing , " Faulkner County Judge Allen Dodson told KATV Sunday . "  More than likely , I think we are doing some testing with some power washing right now with the techniques involved there . " None of the estimated 12,000 barrels of oil that spilled has made it to nearby Lake Conway , a local drinking water source , Dodson said . "  We 're approximately a mile from Lake Conway or at least from the cove , " he said . The Pegasus pipeline , which could carry up to 90,000 barrels of crude each day , was built more than 60 years ago , an Exxon Mobil spokesman said . Leaks are not uncommon , but the company 's recent inspections showed no red flags for this section , he told KARK .	Oil spills into a Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision from a gash in the pipeline Families evacuate about two dozen homes as oil crawls through yards and down streets Residents complain about the uncertainty of when they can go home The pipeline carries Canadian crude from Patoka , Illinois , to Nederland , Texas
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- At dusk , stand on the Congress Avenue bridge over Town Lake , the span linking hip downtown to funkier South Austin , and you 'll see it . Austin offers an array of choices for fitness and nightlife . No , not the 1.5 million Mexican free-tailed bats that emerge from crevasses below and fwip-fwip-fwip into the night  although they 're pretty cool -- see them on the way to doing something else and it will be time well spent  . What you 'll see is Austin 's diversity . And I do n't mean yuppies , hippies , hipsters , scenesters , tech geeks , cowboys , students , musicians , politicians or got-more-money-than-sense rich folks , either -- though Austin has 'em all and more . Think Lance Armstrong . Think Willie Nelson . Day people . Night people . Cooling off after a run , perhaps . Or headed downtown . They come together here to witness the bats ' spectacle . Live music capital of the world ? Well , Austin at least has the clubs , dance halls , bar districts and late-night restaurants to keep a night person hopping . But Austin also caters to the early-to-bed , early-to-rise , run-six-miles-before-breakfast person . And , if you think you can , you can run all day and dance all night . Daylight 's burning A swath of wilderness : With no mountains , you would n't think Austin would be a destination for mountain bikers . Well , it 's not Moab , Utah , but it 's not bad . The highlight : The Barton Creek Greenbelt . This strip of green meanders from Zilker Park in the heart of Austin westward for 7.5 miles  with many side trails  , ending at the Hill of Life -- a quarter-mile climb to test your thighs and lungs . The Greenbelt is popular with hikers and wanderers , so it 's best not to crank with abandon , but the wooded straightaways and wet  sometimes  creek crossings make for an enjoyable ride . Ca n't bring your bike ? Rent one at Bicycle Sport Shop , 517 S. Lamar Blvd. . Ten miles downtown : The Town Lake Hike and Bike Trail runs 10.4 miles , mostly along the shores of the Colorado River on the southern border of downtown . There are walkers and easy-going cyclists , but this is also an excellent trail for running and getting a good look at Austin  as well as at other runners  . The western half of the trail is alive with people  and an occasional celebrity  , surrounded by trees . The eastern half involves crossing over Interstate 35 , navigating some neighborhoods and a small stretch along city streets , but offers more solitude and wide-open trail . The soul of Austin : Barton Springs Pool  2101 Barton Springs Road  is three acres of old-school , spring-fed swimming . Open year-round , it 's a jump-in-and-gasp 68 degrees no matter the weather . Nestled in a corner of Zilker Park , surrounded by pecan trees , the pool is often crowded  but seldom overwhelmed  on summer weekends and draws one of the most diverse crowds in Austin . Refueling stations Enchiladas and margaritas : Matt 's El Rancho  2613 S. Lamar Blvd.  is big , busy and well worth the wait . Since 1952 this hot spot has been Austin 's self-proclaimed "  King of Mexican Food . " If they 're not right about that , they 're at least in the royal family . You ca n't get away without trying the Bob Armstrong dip -- think "  super-queso . " Dueling barbecue joints : Whatever you 're looking for in Texas barbecue , you only have to choose between Stubb 's Bar-B-Q  801 Red River St.  and Sam 's Bar-B-Que  2000 E. 12th Street  . Stubb 's was once owned by the late patron saint of barbecue , C.B. Stubblefield . Sam 's was a favorite of the late blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan . Stubb 's is a restaurant and live music venue . Sam 's is a joint with uneven floors and character . Stubb 's anchors its own entertainment mini-district . Sam 's is definitely outside the tourist zone . Either way , you get a true barbecue experience . Nighttime is the right time Bars , bars , bars : A river of alcohol runs along Austin 's Sixth Street . The current is strongest in the entertainment district between Interstate 35 and Congress Avenue : A cluster of crowded nightspots ranging from the rarified air of the elite Driskill Hotel bar to the Chuggin ' Monkey . Heading west , the river thins out and the scene grows up : There 's Mother Egan 's Irish Pub  715 W. Sixth  , where the Dixie Chicks once ruled the Tuesday night trivia contest . And at the intersection with Lamar Boulevard , there 's Whole Foods ' flagship store -- where you can drink and shop at the same time . Live Music Capital of the World ? You ca n't go anywhere here without seeing some fellow earnestly strumming a guitar . For the best chance at hearing something good , you want to head to a venue known for live music . The Continental Club  1315 S. Congress Ave.  is not just one of Austin 's best , but also in the midst of the South Congress district of fashionable stores , oddball shops and restaurants  try the tacos al pastor at Guero 's Taco Bar -- 1412 S. Congress Ave. Honky-tonk heaven : It 's a tech geek world , but the Broken Spoke  3201 S. Lamar Blvd.  is a refuge for those whose appreciation of cowboy boots and heartbroke country songs is irony-free . The Spoke is the real thing -- no urban cowboy stuff here . Populated by singers such as Dale Watson and Alvin Crow , serving up a mean chicken-fried steak and complete with its own museum of photos from better days , the Broken Spoke looks and feels ... just like it should . E-mail to a friend	Austin , Texas , has clubs and bar districts to keep a night person hopping It also has outdoor activities to please a run-six-miles-before-breakfast person Barbecue , enchiladas and margaritas help visitors refuel
While much of the world is focused on the Russian incursion into the Crimean Peninsula of Ukraine , another long-term move may allow the former Soviet navy to dominate U.S. interests to the north : the Arctic . The rapid melting of the Arctic Ocean is quickly creating a new variety of challenges that have the potential to cause significant global damage if they remain unaddressed . The Obama administration 's policy correctly recognizes that the United States has profoundly important economic and cultural interests in the Arctic but regrettably reveals very little about what the federal government will be doing outside of the science field . While recent U.S. policies either dance around the core issues , or worse , do not acknowledge that they exist , the Russians are taking the lead on Arctic policy . After all , the Arctic is in their backyard , too . Moreover , Russia -- as if to highlight the value they place on their navy and renaissance as a maritime nation -- took control of the strategic Crimean Peninsula , assuring and securing warm water Russian Navy access to the global commons . In light of these recent events , it would be wise for Washington to seriously consider the economic potential and security vulnerabilities that exist on or near the U.S. Arctic coastline . Overwhelmingly , the U.S. Arctic policy debate echoes past concerns of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . Consequently , many in the policy community are pushing a heavy science and no-development agenda to preserve the pristine character of the region . The recently issued Department of Defense Arctic Strategy is a case in point : It talks extensively about the DOD scientific mission and uses the terms "  sustainable development " and preservation of the unspoiled area as important national goals . But just saying "  no " ignores the fact that the precious Arctic mineral and oil and gas resources will help assure the United States is able , over time , to achieve and then maintain its energy independence . Science is incredibly important , as is safe and responsible development of the Arctic , but our agencies and scientists need to approach these issues with a greater sense of urgency . Arguably , the science needs to be a component of a detailed national action , but that 's only a fraction of good U.S. policy . U.S. Arctic policy should prioritize four things : One : Demonstrate leadership in the Arctic and develop a strategy and policy to match . The U.S. has no leadership in the high north and Russia does , which is a great concern for our allies . Two : Invest in infrastructure , Navy and Coast Guard to support U.S. security and commercial interests in the Arctic . The key here is to develop the policy that drives those requirements so we are not "  late to need . " Three : Demonstrate leadership in the maritime domain worldwide -- and not retreat as we are doing by default in the Arctic . Four : Facilitate and further develop offshore natural resources in the high north/Alaska and the national , international , maritime and geopolitical governance structures that will underpin those enterprises . Washington , in less than two years , will assume a leadership role when it becomes Chair for the Arctic Council . Unfortunately , the DOD policy and U.S. Navy Arctic Roadmap 2014 do not articulate what the U.S. Arctic leadership agenda will entail . The reality is ignoring the issues and choosing not to participate in the Arctic will not make the issues go away . Yes , budgets are challenging , but the Arctic is no different from any other international frontier or global common where the U.S. has interests . We need to protect it and demonstrate leadership in the maritime domain -- not retreat . So , too , our policy makers need to be looking beyond our shores to Moscow , Ottawa , Oslo , Copenhagen , the Arctic Council , international oil companies and Lloyds of London for help in solving this governance challenge . The last thing that any of the Arctic states can afford is to back into a Russian-generated crisis with no resources or a plan . The time is now for more U.S. leadership to ensure the Arctic becomes a safe , secure and prosperous region in which to live and work . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	David Slayton , Mark E. Rosen : U.S. Arctic policy needs to look more at security issues Russia , they say , already holds a dominant position in the region Scientific exploration is important , but that should not be the solitary focus , they say
Next Tuesday , the U.S. Department of Justice is set to release hundreds more pages of legal opinions detailing the National Security Agency 's alarming surveillance operations . The new release should further anger Americans who were already deeply dismayed by the disclosure of an October 2011 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court opinion , which found that the NSA had violated the Constitution and federal law with its surveillance program . But we should n't just be upset because the court opinion revealed that the NSA has illegally and unconstitutionally collected the emails and other communications of tens of thousands of innocent Americans . We should n't just be upset because the NSA could n't convince a secret court that its surveillance was legal . And we should n't just be upset because the opinion showed that the government , in the words of the FISA court , "  frequently and systemically " disregarded the court 's orders . What should infuriate every American -- whether you 're a Republican or Democrat , rich or poor , or even whether you are for or against the NSA 's surveillance program -- is the fact that the government hid the FISA court 's opinion from the public for years . Hiding a significant opinion of a federal court , regardless of the topic of the opinion , is inimical to our democracy . In the ongoing debate on NSA surveillance , there are two separate , but equally important , questions at stake . The first part of the debate focuses on the legality of the surveillance : is the NSA 's surveillance being conducted in accordance with federal laws and the Constitution ? The second focuses on the democratic legitimacy of the surveillance : have citizens , through their elected officials and through an informed and fair process , approved the laws the government relies on and the actions of the NSA ? Even setting aside one 's views on the first question , the story behind the FISA court opinion provides insight on the second question . The answer , quite simply , is "  no . " The government has intentionally kept the public in the dark for years . For the past year , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , where I work , has been fighting the government in federal court for the public release of the FISA court 's opinion . We sued the Department of Justice in August 2012 after the government refused to disclose it . Initially , we sought the opinion to contribute to a full , informed public debate on the reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act , the expansive federal law the NSA relies on to conduct its domestic surveillance operations . The law was scheduled to expire at the end of 2012 , and , in the summer and fall of 2012 , Congress was debating whether the law should be renewed and if reforms should be introduced . But , during that debate , the government repeatedly delayed publicly disclosing anything about the opinion or the government 's surveillance . Months went by , the debate on the FISA Amendments Act came and went , and , on December 30 , 2012 , the law was reauthorized for another four years . On January 4 , 2013 , four days after the reauthorization was signed into law , the government finally produced records in response to our lawsuit . Here 's an example of what they gave us . In short , nothing . Now , eight months later -- and only after EFF won the first known motion by a private party in the secret FISA court ; only after the most significant leak of surveillance information in American history ; and only after a federal court ordered the government to finalize its declassification decisions and release the opinion -- the government finally relented . When current and former administration officials like Gen. Michael Hayden take to the airwaves or editorial pages to rebut the " -LSB- b -RSB- reathless claims " about NSA spying with condescending offers to help "  citizens understand a few basics of what exactly is being done , " know this -- advocates and organizations like the EFF have been fighting for a "  few basics " about NSA surveillance practices for years . But government officials , like Hayden , have refused at every step in the process to provide those facts . And , as is now apparent , it 's not just the public that was denied information , members of Congress and the judiciary have been misled or kept in the dark about many aspects of the NSA 's surveillance as well . Now is the time to change this . The executive branch , intelligence agencies and the NSA in particular have lost the right to stonewall the public about their activities . They have lost the right to treat us condescendingly . And it 's far too late in the day to selectively provide a "  few basics " about the government 's surveillance . We need all the facts , and we need them now . In the 1970s , after the Watergate scandal and multiple reports that federal agencies had spied on Americans , Congress created a special investigatory commission , the Church Committee , to investigate . Through public hearings and investigations , the Committee ultimately produced a series of reports providing the most thorough investigation of American intelligence agencies in our nation 's history . Many of the Committee 's recommendations were adopted and resulted in a host of beneficial reforms to federal law . It 's now apparent that we need a second Church Committee to fully and independently investigate the full scope of the NSA 's surveillance practices and to recommend meaningful reforms . EFF , along with 100 other organizations and more than 500,000 individuals , have joined together to call on Congress to initiate a full , and public , investigation of the government 's intelligence practices . And I hope Hayden will join us , too . His recent op-ed remarked that the debate on NSA surveillance would be enhanced if "  discussion were based on fact rather than contaminated by inaccuracies and posturing . " I could n't agree more . We have been lied to , misled and kept in the dark for too long : it 's time we the people command the full story on NSA surveillance .	A secret court opinion found that the NSA had violated Americans ' rights Mark Rumold : It 's outrageous that government hid the opinion from the public He says the NSA must not stonewall the public about their activities anymore Rumold : We need to investigate the full scope of NSA 's surveillance practices
CNN  -- A University of Louisville football player who suffered a broken neck while making a tackle showed no signs of paralysis hours later , team officials said Saturday . Cornerback Anthony Conner suffered the injury during a collision with Rutgers University receiver Mohamed Sanu in the second quarter of Friday night 's game in Louisville , Kentucky . "  Our doctors are still evaluating Anthony Conner 's medical condition this morning  Saturday  and he is still undergoing additional tests , " Louisville head coach Charlie Strong said in a statement . "  As we said yesterday , there is no paralysis and Anthony has feeling throughout his extremities . We appreciate all the thoughts and prayers for Anthony and his family during this difficult time . " Conner is a senior from Houston . A knee injury forced him to miss the 2010 season , according to his official bio . "  Just on the field , he was talking , and squeezing his hand , that was it , " Strong said , according to the team 's website . A cart carried Conner off the field . The athlete 's teammates did not know the severity of the injury until after the game , when the coach told them in the locker room , Strong said . Strong thanked the Rutgers team "  for their display of class and compassion for Anthony during the game last night . The Rutgers football family went through something very similar almost a year ago and they know the severity of the situation . " Last October , Rutgers defensive tackle Eric LeGrand was left paralyzed from his neck down after he made a tackle in a game against Army . LeGrand is back in school , can stand with assistance and is making progress in his bid to walk again , Sports Illustrated writer Jon Wertheim , who spent time with him , recently told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  He is realistic , but optimistic , " Wertheim said of LeGrand . "  He still feels like he 's part of the team . He obviously has n't walked , but made strides and gotten some progress , and he 's just such an outgoing , magnetic guy . "	University of Louisville player breaks neck Anthony Conner has feeling in his extremities He was injured while making a tackle during Friday 's game against Rutgers A Rutgers player was paralyzed last year
CNN  -- "  A service allowing travelers who like to get their thrills between the sheets to get them beneath the waves at the same time . " The description provided by luxury travel company Oliver 's Travels of its latest offering could n't be more frank . The new service , called the Mile Low Club , targets couples who seek physical excitement underwater in a private submarine nicknamed Lovers Deep  in case the rest of the clues are n't obvious enough  . The innovative holiday destination -- the submarine in question is moored in the Caribbean -- was launched by the British travel company to mark its 10th anniversary . "  We started in business 10 years ago focusing on French chateaus initially , but launched Oliver 's Travels in November , the focus being on more quirky and unique properties , " says Oliver 's Travels co-founder Oliver Bell . "  In order to get life to the new brand , we needed to get some exceptional property ideas . "  We had a meeting where we asked , ` where 's the coolest place to stay ? ' We started with the moon and obviously realized that would n't be possible so a submarine was the next realistic target , and we found a submarine company with the capability to make it bespoke . " Ocean deep . Pockets , too The only catch is you 'll need pockets as deep as the ocean -- the special voyage costs an eye-watering # 175,000  $ 292,000  a night . The venture was launched , appropriately , for Valentine 's Day , but to date no one has paid up the six-figure sum for a night 's stay . Bell is confident the first booking is on the cards . "  We 've obviously had some joke inquiries but I 'd say we have about five realistic inquiries so I expect one to be booked in very soon , " he says . "  Obviously if that happens , it 'll be high fives all around the office . " So what exactly do you get for your # 175,000 a night ? Exactly what you want . As part of the service , you choose how to deck out the submarine -- which is currently hired by a variety of different businesses for quirky brand launches -- exactly as you like from bedroom to bathroom , and bar to ballroom . You have to pay for your own flights , but a speedboat will be on hand to take you to and from your submarine . An artist 's impression has been done to mock up how the romantic hideaway might look and how you can get under the waves as well as under the covers . The company emphasizes that the crew  captain , chef and butler  will considerately occupy separate , soundproof living rooms at the other end of the vessel . Barry White included While the sub is currently in the Caribbean , it can be moored wherever you desire . The chef can also offer his in-house aphrodisiac menu including everything from oysters to a fondant of chocolate with an essence of pomegranate . Not enough to get you in the mood ? On its website , the company promises the smooth tones of Barry White singing "  You 're the first , the last , the everything " over the sound system . "  Well , the Barry White thing 's a bit of a joke really , " says Bell . "  It 's all great fun putting this together but we 're also deadly serious about this . "  We know it 's not in our usual customer 's price bracket , this is very , very high end , but we think that people with that sort of money will have very specific tastes . "  It 'll take 12 weeks to kit it out and customers can have exactly what they want . " Bell 's one warning is that however wealthy you might be , it 's probably not one for the claustrophobes out there . From the artist 's impression , there 's an element of a Bond villain lair to the submarine , akin to the Atlantis home of the character Karl Stromberg , the villain in "  The Spy Who Loved Me . " "  To me , it looks really , really cool but you can have it to whatever taste you like , " Bell says . Bell has yet to visit the submarine in question but , because of the increasing interest , he 's planning a trip to the Caribbean to find out what 's in store and how his customers can find love on the ocean floor .	Travel company offers a submarine for couples to the bottom of the ocean The experience will cost you # 175,000 per night For that , you get your own bespoke submarine with captain , chef and butler Artist 's impression makes it look akin to the underwater lair of a James Bond villain
CNN  Odin Lloyd , who a jury found was murdered by former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez , carved a reputation as a trophy-accumulating athlete with a mischievous streak , according to relatives . Lloyd , 27 , found ways to keep smiling outside the family home in Boston 's largest and most diverse neighborhood , Dorchester . "  He was always a class clown , " his sister , Olivia Thibou , told CNN affiliate WHDH . "  Everyone knew him to always make jokes , to laugh . " "  Anybody who knows my brother would say that he 's just a funny guy , " she said . "  He 's very respectful . He never really disrespected anybody . " Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder charge in Lloyd 's death . Prosecutors told the jury that Hernandez orchestrated and covered up the killing of Lloyd , a former friend . Hernandez 's attorney , James Sultan , told jurors that Hernandez "  witnessed " Lloyd 's killing , "  committed by somebody he knew , " and that the former NFL player "  really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another " and moved on with his life . Two other men who were drug dealers allegedly killed Lloyd , Sultan told the jury . Lloyd , who was working for a landscaping firm , also played football for the Boston Bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winners of four championships in the New England Football League , the team 's website says . The team 's Facebook page features several photos of Lloyd and lists him as an outside linebacker with jersey number 53 . Lloyd 's family home features his trophies in baseball and basketball , as well as football . One trophy said "  MVP , " most valuable player . They were all on display on the family 's front porch during news conferences when the family pressed investigators to find out who killed him . Lloyd 's body was found riddled with gunshot wounds on June 17 , 2013 , in a secluded area of an industrial park near Hernandez 's house , authorities said . A jogger discovered the body . Investigators later found five shell casings at the scene . Inside Lloyd 's pocket , authorities said , they found a wallet and keys to a car that Hernandez had rented . Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiance , Thibou told CNN . Her brother and Hernandez went to a Boston nightclub together a few days before his death , she said .	Odin Lloyd played linebacker for the Boston Bandits , the city 's oldest semi-pro team A jury on Wednesday found Aaron Hernandez guilty of first-degree murder in Lloyd 's shooting
CNN  -- When the Nintendo 3DS was introduced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in 2010 , one of the announced games that drew the most favorable reaction was "  Kid Icarus : Uprising . " A follow-up to the original "  Kid Icarus " title that came out 25 years ago , this new version offers updated graphics , classic boss battles and humorous dialogue that , unfortunately , quickly becomes cheesy and trite . The story harkens back to the original as the forces of Light battle the forces of Darkness with the player acting as the champion for Light . The angel hero , Pit , must set out once again with the help of the goddess of Light , Palutena , to defeat Medusa and end the threat to the human race . Players control Pit with the device 's circle pad and use its stylus to aim and turn him . Firing his weapon is done with the left shoulder button on the 3DS . Fortunately , the game comes packed with a nifty stand , because trying to hold and maneuver gameplay was quite the contortion . Even using the stylus after a while became painful in my wrist . The game does remind you from time to time to take a break , so perhaps the developers thought there might be a problem . Combat is broken down into three sections for each chapter : flight battle , ground battle and boss battle . In the air , Pit attempts to shoot enemies while continuously flying forward . He is able to dodge around the screen but his motion is always moving ahead . On the ground  because apparently this angel has a limit on how much he can fly  , Pit navigates through a series of rooms and pathways , defeating enemies and collecting hearts . Hearts are the currency by which players can obtain new weapons and skills . The boss battles close each chapter , involving classic characters and a combination of nimble dodging and intense firepower . The bosses are returning enemies from the original title , but offer new challenges for fans of the franchise . The intensity of each chapter can change as well , ramping up the enemies and the loot . A device called the Fiend 's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty . Want to make it easier ? That 'll cost you . If you want more , you bet hearts that you can complete the chapter , winning you more hearts . Pit has nine weapon types at his disposal and can equip one before each chapter . Ranging from rifles to clubs , each offers special advantages . One nice feature is that some weapons can be fused with other weapons to create even more powerful attacks . Plus , some of the names are really quite charming . If there is a downside to the game , it is the dialogue . It starts off being funny and cute , but I get the feeling the writers were trying too hard in the later stages of the game . There are plenty of silly pop-culture references that do n't quite work in this mythological setting : "  Happy meal of pain " ? Really ? The talk also clashes with the action . Many times , the dialogue ran on so long that I completed the fight before the characters were done trash-talking each other . It ended up almost ruining the entire experience . Overall , "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " does offer some solid combat , some great visuals and a good soundtrack . The gameplay is good , and the story does move along at a brisk pace . However , it 's hobbled by an uncomfortable playing configuration that cries out for a second circle pad  Circle Pad Pro , anyone ?  instead of the stylus pointer . . "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS . It is rated E 10 + for everyone 10 years old and older due to comic mischief , fantasy violence , and mild suggestive themes . This review was done using the Nintendo 3DS with no extra hardware attachments .	The game is a follow-up to the original "  Kid Icarus " title that came out 25 years ago A device called the Fiend 's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty Some weapons can be fused with other weapons to create even more powerful attacks "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Aubrey Plaza 's lips are firmly sealed about her MTV Movie Awards "  Kanye " moment four days ago , which could be seen as evidence that it was a stunt to promote her new movie . "  What do you think ? " Plaza replied Wednesday night at a "  To Do List " screening . The actress ran onstage Sunday as Will Ferrell began his acceptance speech for the Comedic Genius award . While holding a drink in one hand , she grabbed his golden popcorn bucket trophy with the other in a not-so-convincing struggle to get it . MTV quickly promoted the "  incident , " while officially denying it was staged and insisting that Plaza was expelled from the audience . The network 's website posted a story headlined "  Did Kanye West Inspire Aubrey Plaza 's Movie Awards Stage-Crash ? " West 's interruption of Taylor Swift 's speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards -- in which he made it clear he thought Beyonce deserved the honor more -- was soon followed by an apology tour . He told Jay Leno that his actions were rude and he was "  ashamed that my hurt caused someone else 's hurt . " He announced that he would "  take some time off " to think about how to "  make it through the rest of this life . " In fact , his planned three-month tour with Lady Gaga was cut short . But Plaza is offering no apology , confession or explanation . Her only public comment was a tweet posted Monday : "  thanks for the advice @kanyewest went better than planned ! " Was the struggle staged , but not with everyone looped in , so that MTV could deny it was a stunt without lying ? Plaza was given the front-row center seat closest to Ferrell , whom she said she 's "  known for a long time . " The camera did zoom in on her after she sat back down , giving viewers a clear shot of " #TheToDoList " scribbled across her chest . "  That 's an interesting theory , " Plaza said . "  I like that one . " Did she do it because the best way to get a Hollywood entertainment reporter to write about her is with bad behavior ? "  Is that true ? " she said . As if she did n't know . Can she reveal anything people do n't know ? "  I can play the saxophone , " she said . "  That 's something surprising that people do n't know about me . " It would "  be a dream come true " to play sax at the MTV Awards , she said . Why wait to be invited ? You could jump up on stage . "  That 's true , " she said .	Plaza offers no apology , confession or explanation The actress interrupted Will Ferrell 's Comedic Genius award acceptance Plaza is promoting her new comedy , "  The To Do List " MTV officially denies it was staged , insisting Plaza was expelled from the audience
CNN  -- So much for a "  clean " bill . The measure passed by Congress to fund the government and raise the debt ceiling also contains some goodies and gifts tucked into the 35-page bill . There 's more money -- a lot more -- for a dam project on the Ohio River and millions of cash for Colorado flooding repair projects . And the wealthy widow of a late U.S. senator will receive a year 's pay as a death benefit . You have to hand it to a Congress that finds no bill is off limits for pork . It 's over for now "  These people are like alcoholics . They ca n't resist taking a drink . It 's ridiculous . It 's absolutely ridiculous , " said Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona to the Daily Beast , referring to the dam project . "  It shows that there are people in this body who are willing to use any occasion to get an outrageous pork-barrel project done at the cost of millions and millions of dollars . It 's disgusting . " Here are five most surprising provisions to the bill : 1 . RIVER PROJECT Kentucky kickback ? : $ 2.2 billion . That 's the amount in additional cash authorized for a project that involved a dam and decades-old locks on a river that flows through Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's home state of Kentucky . Sounds kinda fishy , but a Democratic senate aid and a Republican senator say it 's on the level . The aide tells CNN that McConnell did n't push for the project to be included . And Sen. Lamar Alexander , who 's a key figure on the committee that oversees what water projects get what money , says he and another senator asked for the cash . He tells CNN 's Chris Frates the new money -- which more than triples the original $ 775 million -- will save the federal government many millions because contracts wo n't be canceled due to work stoppages . Still , the Senate Conservatives Fund calls the money a "  Kentucky Kickback . " What 's open for business again 2 . FLOOD RECOVERY FUNDS Bridge to somewhere : This one 's a lot less controversial than the river project money . Congress OK 'd $ 450 million for rebuilding projects in flood-struck areas of Colorado . That 's well over the limit of $ 100 million for the Department of Transportation as allowed in the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act . Wednesday 's authorization used similar language to a bill that died last month after the House declined to vote on it , according to Sen. Mark Udall of Colorado . He said Coloradans had been resilient , but they needed the money because "  it 's time to let us get to work " rebuilding roads and bridges wiped out by overflowing rivers . Nine things we missed during the shutdown 3 . LATE SENATOR 'S WIDOW For decades of service : Frank Lautenberg served in the Senate for almost 30 years . He died in June of viral pneumonia . This nation owed him a great deal . Congress has almost always approved a death benefit gift to the family equal to one year 's salary , which they provided for Lautenberg 's widow , Bonnie , in the bill . The thing is ... Lautenberg was one of the richest members of Congress and was worth more than $ 59 million as of 2011 , according to The Hill . You can see why some people think it might not be a terrible thing to forgo $ 174,000 to the family . 4 . OTHER WINNERS Ssssh , we 're getting a big check : There were more agencies that got big money in the bill . Agencies that fight wildfires could get as much as $ 636 million , depending on how bad it gets in the next year . The mine safety department is getting a bump in the fees it can keep , a $ 1 million increase to $ 2.49 million . A watchdog group meant to guard Americans ' right to privacy against overreach by government cyberintelligence will get $ 3.1 million , which they could use considering the year they 've had dealing with revelations about the super-secret National Security Agency 's programs . The Hill , a political newspaper , reports that 's double the top amount the five-member panel has been given before . 5 . SAME PAY FOR CONGRESS No raise this year : Down on page 20 of the bill , it says there will be no cost of living adjustment for members of Congress for the next year . Actually , it 's not that surprising . Congressional pay has held steady for years . They last received a raise four years ago . And you thought you had it rough . Wait , you do n't make $ 174,000 a year ? Key points of the new debt deal	Act includes billions for a project in the home state of one of the bill 's negotiators Congress also put in money for flood-damaged areas , future wildfire fighting A rich widow who was married to senator who died in office to get $ 174,000 Congress wo n't get cost of living bump to their checks
CNN  A winter storm ramping up in the Great Plains put the metropolitan Chicago area 's more than 9 million people under a blizzard warning Sunday , and another 65 million people are under a winter storm warning across 18 states . The storm has the Northeast in its sights next . Chicago could get as much as 15 inches of snow from the storm system , CNN meteorologist Michael Guy said . "  The streets will stay plowed and passable so people will be safe and secure , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel promised at a news conference Sunday . More than 350 pieces of equipment , including plows and salt spreaders , fanned out across the city , officials said . Up to a foot of snow was forecast in parts of Iowa , Illinois , Michigan and Wisconsin . Multiple winter storm warnings are in place from eastern Nebraska and South Dakota to the Plains . The storm will move east and affect major metropolitan areas such as New York City and Boston on Monday , Guy said . "  New York City could see a wintry mix of precipitation just in time for the morning commute with a possibility of sleet and ice , " and Boston will "  get another round of wintery weather with new snow accumulations from 10 to 12 inches , " he said . More than 2,000 U.S. flights were canceled Sunday , many of them in and out of Chicago , according to Flightaware.com , an online flight tracking service . "  Rain will be the problem across the southern portions of this storm system , with a possibility of scattered storms from east Texas to Mississippi Sunday as the storm moves east. , " Guy said . CNN 's Kimberly Hutcherson , Joe Sutton , and meteorologist Derek Van Dam contributed to this report	A winter storm is bringing snow , sleet and freezing rain to Plains states A foot of snow is forecast for some states and local accumulation could go higher The storm is expected to impact Northeastern Seaboard states hit by blizzard last week
Seoul  CNN  -- Watching the public execution of his mother and older brother , Shin Dong-Hyuk thought the punishment was just . They had planned to escape the North Korean labor camp they were being held in until Shin overheard them and reported them to the prison guards . Just 14-years old , Shin says he felt no guilt in condemning them to death . One of the very few North Koreans to be born inside one of the brutal prison camps , he says the concept of family that exists in the outside world did not exist in Camp 14 . ` Escape from Camp 14 ' a true North Korea survival story "  I had never felt that kind of attachment and love that people outside of prison camps feel towards them , " he told CNN . "  So they were just one of many criminals in a prison camp . " Those , like Shin , who have tried to escape a North Korean political or hard labor camp and have survived to tell the tale , talk of starvation , torture , betrayal and executions . By informing on others , many say inmates could hope for more food or less beatings . Horrific heart-breaking accounts of being quite literally worked to death have emerged over recent years . But the camps continue and Pyongyang still refuses to acknowledge their existence . South Korea 's government is trying to officially document the atrocities for the first time , collecting disturbing firsthand accounts from those who have managed to make it to South Korea , including Shin who got out in 2004 . A 381-page report from the National Human Rights Commission of Korea is based on the testimony of 278 defectors has recently been published with names of prison guards who carried out torture or executions . "  We felt a necessity to systematically manage the examples of human rights violations , this can be used as preliminary data for compensation by the country after unification , " said Lee Young Ken , head of the Commission 's North Korean department . "  This could also psychologically put pressure on North Korean officials who will definitely be able to see this compilation . " Human rights group Amnesty International believes up to 200,000 prisoners are being held "  in horrific conditions in six sprawling political prison camps . " In its annual human rights report released last week , it said , "  The combination of hazardous forced labor , inadequate food , beatings , totally inadequate medical care and unhygienic living conditions , resulted in prisoners falling ill , and a large number died in custody or soon after release . " Amnesty : World 's leaders let protesters down These camps have been used by the Kim dynasty for years to crush political dissent . Amnesty believes they have been in existence since the 1950s . One defector , who wanted to be identified only as Kim as he has family members still inside North Korea , told CNN inmates face a slow and painful death . He was sent to a labor camp for a year and a half after being caught crossing into China . "  We received 120 grams of rotten corn for daily food . So many people with the same year and a half sentence as me did n't survive their term and died of hunger . " Kim describes seeing many of his fellow inmates die and having to bury them on a nearby hill . The only hill , he said , where flowers grew well due to the large numbers of decaying bodies beneath the ground . "  When I went to bury my friend , I found the hole was too small , " he said . "  When I asked why , the guy said there was no more room to make a bigger hole . When I dug up the ground with my shovel , I saw about four layers of bodies and human bones . " Kang Chol-Hwan is now a journalist in South Korea , a world away from his previous life where he spent ten long years in a prison camp . Sent at the age of nine as his grandfather fell out of favor with the elite , he says he almost died three times from malnutrition and exhaustion . He remembers being forced to eat mice , insects and grass to stay alive . "  It was like Hitler 's Auschwitz concentration camp , not as large and there is a difference in the way people are killed . Hitler gassed people , Kim Jong Il sucked the life out of people through starvation and forced labor . " Kim Jong Un took over from his late father in December 2011 and appears to have changed nothing in the political prison camps . Amnesty says North Korea 's State Security Agency detained over 200 officials in January this year , part of an apparent power succession plan . It says some were feared executed , the rest sent to the camps .	S. Korea 's National Human Rights Commission documenting abuses in N. Korean labor camps The report is based on the testimony of 278 defectors , who described torture , starvation , deaths Pyongyang refuses to acknowledge their existence , despite Amnesty reports of 200,000 inmates The camps have been used by the Kim dynasty for years to crush political dissent
Washington  CNN  -- The United States dramatically expanded its evacuation warnings near the troubled Japanese nuclear reactors Wednesday , telling Americans to get at least 50 miles away . The earlier recommendation from both the U.S. and Japanese governments was to stay 12 miles away or to take shelter indoors if evacuation was not possible within an 18-mile radius . The U.S. change came Wednesday afternoon in Washington but in the middle of the night in Tokyo . It was the first time since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami in Japan triggered the nuclear crisis that the United States and Japanese governments have differed on advising what their citizens should do . Before Wednesday , the United States had urged American citizens in Japan to follow the recommendations of the Japanese government . The new U.S. recommendation "  suggests that the advice the Japanese government is giving based on the information it has is different than the advice we 'd be giving if this incident happened in the United States , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters in Washington . "  Their standards are different from ours based on how far you should evacuate , " he said , calling the situation in Japan "  very fluid . " State Department spokesman Mark Toner echoed Carney , saying that the United States has confidence in Japanese authorities but wanted to put out the new information about the crisis based on the evaluation of U.S. experts and what they would propose in a similar crisis inside the United States . "  This is not any kind of judgment on what the Japanese authorities are telling their public , " Toner said at a mid-afternoon briefing at the State Department . "  This is based on what we would advise American citizens here to do in a similar situation . So we are compelled based on that estimate , based on that appraisal , to advise American citizens in Japan to do the same . ' The decision on widening the exclusion area lagged behind the U.S. military , which had kept military personnel from operating within 50 miles of the damaged nuclear plant "  days ago , " according to Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan . State Department officials could not explain why the military was concerned about U.S. military operating in the area but the State Department did not feel a need to warn American citizens until early Thursday in Japan . Just before the evacuation recommendation had changed , the U.S. ambassador to Japan had told journalists that the United States was in full agreement with the Japanese . "  Our experts are in agreement with the response and measures taken by Japanese technicians , including their recommended 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius for evacuation and additional shelter-in-place recommendations out to 30 kilometers  18 miles  , " Ambassador John Roos told journalists at a briefing in Tokyo Wednesday afternoon . Despite the major change , Toner said the widening of the evacuation area should not be viewed as any shift of confidence in Japan . "  We feel we are cooperating effectively with the Japanese government and that we are communicating , " Toner said . The State Department is coordinating with other governments about helping people leave the areas devastated by the earthquake and tsunami as well as by the crisis at the nuclear plants . But despite earlier U.S. statements that there were 160,000 Americans in Japan , Toner said no specific numbers were available . And he would not predict whether the United States would take steps to bring members of its diplomatic team and families back to the U.S. "  We are looking at all contingencies but I have no more to say on that . Posture has n't changed , " Toner said .	U.S. government urges American citizens to move 50 miles away Japan calls for evacuations within 12 miles U.S. officials say the difference reflects how each country analyzes information It 's the first time since the disaster that the two differed on advising their citizens
CNN  -- Bolivian police have seized a massive stash of cocaine diluted inside hundreds of wine bottles , state media reported Thursday . Authorities believe the $ 2 million worth of diluted and solid cocaine is tied to a drug trafficking organization that made shipments to Italy , the state-run ABI news agency said . Police said they arrested a Brazilian suspect in a raid in a residential neighborhood in the city of Santa Cruz . The man tried to kill himself with a pocket knife when authorities cornered him , according to ABI . "  They were diluting it and putting it in bottles that they were going to put wine labels on , " Marco Centellas , head of Bolivia 's special forces to combat drug trafficking , told the state news agency .	Police believe the cocaine is tied to an organization that shipped drugs to Italy Some of the cocaine was hidden inside wine bottles Authorities say the stash was worth about $ 2 million A suspect allegedly tried to kill himself with a pocket knife
CNN  -- A renowned South African whitewater guide and outdoorsman was apparently pulled from his kayak by a crocodile in the Democratic Republic of Congo and is presumed dead , expedition sponsor Eddie Bauer said . Hendrik Coetzee and two American kayakers , Ben Stookesberry and Chris Korbulic , were on the Lukuga River when the incident occurred Tuesday , the clothing and outdoor gear company said on its "  Born Out There " blog . Stookesberry and Korbulic were able to paddle to safety and were assisted by the International Rescue Committee , the website said . "  The mission for the Africa kayak expedition was to run and document the unexplored whitewater of the region , while focusing on the people and clean water crisis in Central Africa , " Eddie Bauer said . "  We are saddened by the tragic accident and express our deepest sympathies to Hendri 's family and friends . We would like to thank the IRC and Solidarites International , who continue to provide assistance and support to the team . " Coetzee , known as Hendri , last posted an entry on his "  The Great White Explorer " blog on November 26 . In it , he described the team 's paddle through a challenging and beautiful stretch of river in the region . "  As hard , warm drops trashed at our little selves and a pair of goats , we stood precariously on a unknown slope deep in the heart of Africa , for once my mind and heart agreed , I would never live a better day , " Coetzee wrote . Stookesberry , in a dispatch published November 1 on Outside magazine 's website , said team leader Coetzee offered safety advice . "  Stay out of eddies ... especially the small BS ones because there are three-ton hippos that will bite you in half , " Coetzee said , according to Stookesberry , an extreme kayaer . "  Stay off the banks because the crocs are having a bake and might fancy you for lunch . Basically , stay close behind me and follow my lead . Any questions ? " According to Outside , Coetzee gained prominence after he led the first source-to-sea expedition of the Nile River , in 2004 . He later returned and soloed the infamous Murchison Falls section of the Nile in Uganda .	Hendrik Coetzee was leading a team in Congo sponsored by Eddie Bauer He apparently was pulled from a kayak by a crocodile on the Lukuga River Two kayakers with him were able to paddle to safety , according to sponsor 's blog
CNN  -- The memorials and tributes to the late Nelson Mandela have grown way past the flags flown at half-staff and the thousands of flowers and candles left at South African embassies throughout the world . In New York , the Empire State Building lit up in the colors of South Africa and the Apollo Theater in Harlem changed its marquee in tribute . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Friday that a high school in Brooklyn will be renamed the Nelson Mandela School for Social Justice . The Omni Hotel in downtown Dallas also used lighting to create a South African flag on its fa  ade in commemoration . In Paris , the front of the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs was draped with an enormous portrait of the former South African President , who died Thursday at age 95 . If this were a contest of creativity , the winner would likely be a massive sand sculpture of Mandela 's face and the South African flag at a beach on the Bay of Bengal in Puri , India . That nation has declared five days of mourning . In Washington , the site where hundreds were arrested decades ago in a protest against apartheid was turned into a shrine its most memorable foe . The South African Embassy is under renovation , but a space was cleared in front of Mandela 's statute there for mourners to place flowers . And in Johannesburg , people continued to stream to Mandela 's home , bringing flowers and ribbons to add to the growing wall of color there .	From light shows to sand sculptures , Mandela tributes get creative Flower memorials are growing at South African embassies Huge portrait drapes building in Paris
CNN  -- Hundreds of people were evacuated Sunday amid flood concerns after a long-dormant volcano erupted beneath a glacier in south Iceland . It was the first time since 1821 that the volcano under the Eyjafjallajokull glacier has erupted . More than 600 people were evacuated as scientists monitored a fissure in the volcano from which lava was erupting . The fissure measured about 1,640 to 3,281 feet  500 to 1,000 meters  . Despite the remote location of the eruption , if the fissure "  develops further towards the glacier , the melting floodwater ... will create dangerous floods in a populated area in south Iceland , " said Gudrun Johannesdottir , a project manager for Iceland 's Joint Rescue and Coordination Center . The country 's civil protection agency did not immediately record any injuries or damage . Eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles  160 kilometers  east of the capital , Reykjavik .	NEW : Scientists concerned eruption could melt part of glacier , flood populated areas First time since 1821 that the volcano under Eyjafjallajokull glacier has erupted Eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles east of Reykjavik
Dating site OkCupid is calling for its members to ditch Firefox and use another browser to search for love . The company is protesting Mozilla 's new CEO , Brendan Eich , who supported an anti-same-sex marriage campaign . Firefox is owned by Mozilla . When OkCupid members navigate to the site on a Firefox browser , they are met with a message encouraging them to use an alternative browser to access the site , including Google Chrome , Opera , Safari and the amusingly misspelled Internet Exploder . "  Those who seek to deny love and instead enforce misery , shame and frustration are our enemies , and we wish them nothing but failure , " reads the message . The page points out that 8 % of the matches made on OkCupid are between same-sex couples . Last week , Mozilla promoted Eich , a longtime employee who was previously the company 's chief technology officer , to the position of CEO . The move prompted renewed outrage by third-party developers and employees . Eich donated $ 1,000 to support Propostion 8 in 2008 . The California ballot initiative sought to ban same-sex marriage in the state . The donation was made public in 2012 but Eich held onto his job . After the announcement of Eich 's promotion , app development company Rarebit announced it had pulled its apps from Firefox . "  As a married gay couple who are co-founders of this venture , we have chosen to boycott all Mozilla projects , " said founder Hampton Catlin in an open letter to the company . Various Mozilla employees have also spoken up about the promotion , taking to Twitter to openly share their disappointment with Eich 's politics . Some have come together and publicly called for Eich to step down . Eich posted a blog on his personal site last week addressing the backlash . He outlined his plan to support LGBT-friendly policies at Mozilla and expressed "  sorrow at having caused pain . " "  I am committed to ensuring that Mozilla is , and will remain , a place that includes and supports everyone , " he said . The apology has n't satisfied everyone , and the backlash continues to grow one week later . OkCupid is one of the most high-profile companies to take a stand against Eich 's appointment . The letter on the OkCupid home page is a bold move . However , it is not actually blocking Firefox users from using OkCupid . At the bottom of the page is a link to continue on to the site . "  Mozilla supports equality for all , including marriage equality for LGBT couples . No matter who you are or who you love , everyone deserves the same rights and to be treated equally , " said a Mozilla spokesperson in a statement . "  OK cupid never reached out to us to let us know of their intentions , nor to confirm facts . "	Dating site OkCupid has asked users to not use the Firefox browser The company is upset with Mozilla 's new CEO , who has opposed same-sex marriage OkCupid joins developers and existing Mozilla employees in calling for the CEO 's resignation
Atlanta  CNN  -- A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction Monday temporarily blocking key provisions of a new Georgia law that aims to crack down on illegal immigration , while allowing other parts of the law to move forward . Most of the law , known as HB 87 , was scheduled to go into effect Friday . U.S. District Judge Thomas Thrash Jr. 's ruling blocks enforcement of two of the most controversial sections of the law . "  State and local law enforcement officers and officials have no authorization to arrest , detain or prosecute anyone based upon sections 7 and 8 of HB 87 while this injunction remains in effect , " Thrash ruled . Those sections would allow police to inquire about immigration status when questioning suspects in certain criminal investigations . They also would punish people who , during the commission of a crime , knowingly transport or harbor illegal immigrants . Something like speeding or driving without proper equipment could constitute a crime . "  The apparent legislative intent is to create such a climate of hostility , fear , mistrust and insecurity that all illegal aliens will leave Georgia , " Thrash wrote . In his 45-page ruling , the judge cited a previous court decision that said preliminary injunctions were in the public interest "  when civil rights are at stake . " He also wrote that state officials were attempting to overstep federal authority on immigration enforcement . "  I 'm very happy , as are all those who believe the Constitution is important , " said Charles Kuck , an Atlanta attorney whose firm represented some of the plaintiffs . He said the stayed provisions were poorly written and that it was unclear how they would have been enforced , if allowed to move forward . Although the ruling was hailed as a victory by the plaintiffs , Thrash also tossed out a number of their arguments at the state 's request , a point stressed by Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens soon after the decision . "  I appreciate the speed with which Judge Thrash ruled , given the complexity of the issues . I am pleased with the dismissal of the 4th Amendment , 14th Amendment , ` Right to Travel , ' and Georgia constitutional claims by the plaintiffs -- even after this ruling , 21 of the 23 sections of HB 87 will go into effect as planned , " Olens wrote in a statement . A part of the law that will still go into effect is a provision that workers convicted of using fake identification to get jobs could be sentenced to 15 years in prison and fined $ 250,000 . The law will also require people applying for public benefits to provide certain types of identification . Olens said his office will appeal the judge 's ruling regarding sections 7 and 8 . The office of Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal , which supports the law , also weighed in on the judge 's ruling . "  Beyond refusing to help with our state 's illegal immigration problem , the federal government is determined to be an obstacle . The state of Georgia narrowly tailored its immigration law to conform with existing federal law and court rulings , " said Brian Robinson , the governor 's deputy chief of staff for communications . "  Georgians can rest assured that this battle does n't end here . " The Georgia lawsuit is the latest battle in a nationwide skirmish between state and federal officials over who controls immigration enforcement . Arizona 's controversial law aimed at cracking down on illegal immigration catapulted the issue onto the national stage last year , drawing a lawsuit from the U.S. Department of Justice , which argues the law is unconstitutional . In April , a three-judge panel on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with the Justice Department and against Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed Arizona 's law last year . Brewer announced last month that the state would appeal directly to the U.S. Supreme Court . CNN 's Gustavo Valdes and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	The state law is part of the broader nationwide immigration debate Georgia officials say they will appeal the ruling The judge says law enforcement officers can not enforce two sections of the law Most provisions of the law will be allowed to move forward
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs was released from a hospital in Las Vegas , Nevada on Wednesday , a source close to the case told CNN . Jailed polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs , seen in September , has been hospitalized in Las Vegas . Authorities took Jeffs from an Arizona jail to a Nevada hospital on Tuesday after he saying he looked feverish and was "  acting in a convulsive manner , and looked in a very weakened state . " Doctors there determined he should go to a larger facility , so Jeffs was flown to the Sunrise Medical Center in Las Vegas . Sheriff Tom Sheahan of Mohave County , Arizona said before Jeffs ' release that his condition was not believed to be life-threatening . Further details about his release on Wednesday were unavailable . Sheahan said he is trying to get information about Jeffs ' condition . Watch how authorities are mum about Jeffs " Jeffs ' attorney in Arizona , Michael Piccarreta , also declined comment on his client 's hospitalization . The 52-year-old is the leader and so-called prophet of the estimated 10,000-member Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , an offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . The FLDS openly practices polygamy at its Yearning for Zion Ranch outside Eldorado , Texas , along with two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona state line -- Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . The charges against Jeffs are Class 6 felonies under Arizona law , Piccarreta said , meaning that a judge -- upon conviction -- will determine whether the charges are misdemeanors or felonies . Other charges Jeffs initially faced in Arizona have been dismissed , said Piccarreta . In November , Jeffs was sentenced in Utah to two consecutive terms of five years to life in prison after his conviction on two charges of being an accomplice to rape in connection with a 2001 marriage he performed between a girl , 14 , and her cousin , 19 . According to unsealed court documents , Jeffs refused food and drink for a month in January 2007 and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours as he awaited trial . On January 28 , 2007 , he attempted to hang himself in his cell , the documents said . In the days afterward while on suicide watch , Jeffs on separate occasions banged his head and threw himself against a wall . He has been in custody since August 2006 , when he was arrested during a routine traffic stop after spending months on the FBI 's 10 most-wanted fugitives list . In April , authorities removed more than 400 children from the YFZ Ranch . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . In June , however , the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children . The court also said the state lacked evidence to show that the children faced imminent danger of abuse . The children were returned to their families . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	NEW : Warren Jeffs was released from a Las Vegas hospital on Wednesday Polygamist sect leader flown to Las Vegas hospital from Arizona jail on Tuesday Court documents say Jeffs previously has tried to hurt , hang and starve himself Jeffs is leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Mexico City  CNN  -- A US Airways flight attendant was found dead in his hotel room in Mexico City , company spokeswoman Tina Swail said Saturday . Authorities are investigating the circumstances of Nick Aaronson 's death , she said . A spokesman for the attorney general in Mexico City said authorities were called in the early morning to the Hilton Hotel , where they found the body of a man , estimated to have been between 30 and 35 years old . His body indicated he had been struck several times , Rene Hernandez Cueto said . Investigators are collecting evidence in the case , he added . Preliminary reports do not indicate a safety breach at the hotel , according to a statement from the Association of Flight Attendants  AFA  Council 66 . "  Therefore , we do not believe our crew members are at risk . However , until this matter is resolved , layover crews will be temporarily relocated to an alternative location , " said the union . Deborah Volpe , president of AFA Council 66 , described Aaronson as "  very popular " and a "  much-loved flight attendant . " "  This was a very tragic event and it has affected us all . Right now , we are focusing on taking care of our crew members , " she said . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis , Carloo Perez and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Nick Aaronson is remembered as "  very popular " and "  much loved " NEW : His body indicates he had been struck several times , authorities say Officials are investigating Aaronson 's death Union : Reports do not indicate a safety breach at the hotel
CNN  -- Violence and drug-trafficking have become such a major threat to Latin America that the presidents of Colombia , Mexico , Guatemala and Panama will sit around a table Friday in Panama to discuss what they can do about it . Cartridges and weapons seized from gangsters and drug-traffickers at the Military Headquarter in Mexico City . Their summit comes at a particularly troubled time for these governments , especially Mexico , which tallied a record number of drug-related killings last year . Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich characterized the battle in Mexico among drug cartels and with government authorities as a "  civil war " on a news program this week . But Mexico is not alone . Colombia has been fighting drug cartels for decades . Panama has been a center of money-laundering for dug cartels and other organized crime groups for many years . And Guatemala has seen its share of slayings and bloodshed . "  It 's a recognition that there is a shared problem and that they ca n't solve that problem independent of each other , " said Robert Pastor , a professor of international relations at American University in Washington who served as a national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter in the 1970s . Jennifer McCoy , the director of The Americas Program at the Carter Center in Atlanta , says it is "  encouraging " that presidents Felipe Calderon of Mexico , Alvaro Uribe of Colombia , Alvaro Colom of Guatemala and Martin Torrijos of Panama not only recognize the problem but want to meet to see what they can do about it . "  The issue of security is vital in these countries and in Latin America , " McCoy said . It 's not just a threat for Latin America , a recent report from the U.S. military says . The violence in Mexico and elsewhere south of the border could spill over to the United States , says the report , issued in November by the U.S. Joint Forces Command . "  The growing assault by the drug cartels and their thugs on the Mexican government over the past several years reminds one that an unstable Mexico could represent a homeland security problem of immense proportions to the United States , " says the report , "  Joint Operating Environment 2008 . " That instability could threaten the United States ' underbelly along the 2,000-mile border with Mexico . "  Any descent by Mexico into chaos would demand an American response based on the serious implications for homeland security alone , " the report says . Mexican Secretary of Governance Fernando Gomez Mont rejected that notion in an interview with CNN this week , saying it is "  inadmissible " that the United States would have to intervene . Pastor , who was nominated by President Bill Clinton in 1994 to become U.S. ambassador to Panama , believes the United States should be more involved now . "  The United States is a major part of the problem , " he said . "  The dollars are coming from the United States . The demand is coming from the United States . The arms are coming from the United States . " Pastor pointed out that there are 7,600 gun shops in the United States within 100 miles of the Mexican border . "  We ought to have a clear recognition that that we are part of their problem , and they ca n't solve it without us , " he said . Panamanian Foreign Minister Samuel Lewis Navarro indicated at a news conference this week that other nations also need to be more involved . He did n't mention the United States but it was clear whom he was talking about . The summit leaders will ask nations that have high drug consumption to do their part to reduce that demand , the Spanish news agency EFE quoted Lewis as saying . Mexican President Calderon met with President-elect Barack Obama in Washington this week and security was a prime subject of their discussions . "  Both countries share a long border , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue . "  They are terribly worried about the violence from organized crime in Mexico and slipover into the U.S. " Hakim met with Calderon at a private dinner hosted by the Mexican president Sunday night . After his meeting with Obama on Monday , Calderon stressed the level to which the two nations are intertwined when it comes to security . "  The more secure Mexico is , the more secure the United States will be , " the Mexican president said , first in Spanish and then in English , to make sure no one missed the point . Obama is likely receptive to that message , said Michael Shifter , a vice president at the Inter-American Dialogue . "  I think Obama is going to understand that Mexico is very important to the United States , " Shifter told CNN last week . "  This is n't an issue that he has focused a lot of attention on up until now . But he 's going to understand that if Mexico really deteriorates or if the violence spills over into the border states , this is a war that he really has to deal with . " Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year , with around 5,400 slayings , more than double the 2,477 reported in 2007 , Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said last month . The situation is so dire in Mexico that the Joint Forces Command report says , "  In terms of worst-case scenarios for the Joint Force and indeed the world , two large and important states bear consideration for a rapid and sudden collapse : Pakistan and Mexico . " The report goes on to say that the "  Mexican possibility may seem less likely , but the government , its politicians , police , and judicial infrastructure are all under sustained assault and pressure by criminal gangs and drug cartels . How that internal conflict turns out over the next several years will have a major impact on the stability of the Mexican state . "	Presidents of Colombia , Mexico , Guatemala , Panama to meet Friday in Panama They will discuss ways of countering growing violence and drug-trafficking Drug-fueled violence reached record levels in Mexico last year , with 5,400 slayings Instability caused by crime in Mexico could threaten U.S. which shares a border
CNN  -- Rihanna postponed a concert in Malaysia that was set for Friday night , according to the show 's promoter , following reports that she was allegedly assaulted by boyfriend Chris Brown . Rihanna was scheduled to play a concert in Malaysia on Friday . Promoter Pineapple Concerts announced Tuesday that it was notified by Rihanna 's agent at the William Morris Agency that she would not make the Malaysia date . "  In light of recent events involving Rihanna , the artist management will confirm within two weeks from now on a replacement date to be mutually agreed by Pineapple Concerts and the artist , " the company said . The promoter stressed that it was "  not a cancellation but a postponement " and told those who bought tickets to hold on to them for a rescheduled date . Watch the latest on the Brown-Rihanna incident " The concert , to be held in at Stadium Putra Bukit Jalil on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur , is part of Rihanna 's "  Good Girl Gone Bad Tour , " which began last year . Malaysia 's conservative Islamic party protested against Rihanna last month , saying her show is too risque for the country . "  Rihanna 's image including her dressing is not suitable for our culture , " Kamaruzaman Mohamad of the Parti Islam Se-Malaysia  PAS  told Malaysia 's Star newspaper . "  Even if she wore a headscarf here , we know it is not her real self because she performs differently in other places , " he said . The government rejected the PAS demand that the show be canceled . Rihanna -- whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty -- canceled her performance at Sunday night 's Grammy Awards as police were looking for Brown in connection with the alleged domestic violence incident . Brown , 19 , turned himself in Sunday night . He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats . Brown was later released on a $ 50,000 bond . He is scheduled to appear in court on March 5 . Police said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park early Sunday when they became involved in an argument . The woman "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker , " police said . While police did not identify Rihanna , 20 , as the alleged victim , sources close to the couple told CNN she was the woman involved in the incident . Brown 's lawyer has not responded to several requests for comment .	Rihanna was scheduled to play show in Malaysia Friday night Singer was reportedly involved in incident with boyfriend Chris Brown Rihanna 's Malaysia show had been protested by country 's conservatives
CNN  -- North Korea 's chief nuclear negotiator will meet senior Russian officials next week to discuss ending the embattled nation 's nuclear program , Russia 's foreign ministry said . The talks involving Kim Kye Gwan , North Korea 's first deputy foreign minister , and Russian deputy foreign ministers Vladimir Titov and Igor Morgulov will take place Thursday , the ministry said in a statement , according to Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency . The meeting is "  part of efforts to resume the six-party talks " related to North Korea 's controversial nuclear program , according to Russia 's foreign ministry . Those talks involving officials from North Korea , South Korea , China , Japan , the United States and Russia have been at a virtual standstill since last decade . Tensions in and around the Korean Peninsula escalated even further in the past year , particularly after Pyongyang launched a long-range rocket , then conducted an underground nuclear test two months later . North Korea , China want to resume nuclear talks The international community widely criticized the moves , threatening yet more sanctions and punitive measures . And yet North Korea remained defiant -- even threatening to attack South Korea and the United States . But things have taken a turn in recent weeks . Earlier this month , North Korea proposed high-level talks with the United States to "  ease tensions in the Korean Peninsula , " its state news agency reported . More recently , while Kim was in Beijing for bilateral talks , the North Korea official and China 's Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Yesu both issued statements calling for the resumption of talks to "  peacefully solve nuclear issues through dialogue " with all relevant parties . Obama calls for reducing U.S. , Russian nukes	A top North Korean official will meet with Russian officials on Thursday in Moscow They 'll discuss halting Pyongyang 's nuclear program , a Russia ministry says Meeting is "  part of efforts to resume the six-party talks , " according to that report
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- It was n't until five months after Army Staff Sgt. June Moss returned from the Iraq war in 2003 that her real battle began . The horrors of the war -- witnessing decapitated and burned bodies amid mass destruction -- led to post-traumatic stress disorder . "  I do notice when I 'm stressing out that I start having dreams about what I saw and how I felt , " says Moss , now 40 and retired from the Army . "  It does come back as if to haunt you . " The percentage of women in the military has doubled in the last 30 years , with more than 350,000 serving as of 2009 , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs ' latest figures . With more female troops in combat , there has been an increase in PTSD diagnoses : One in five female veterans suffer from PTSD , according to the VA. . As a light-vehicle mechanic , Moss drove across Baghdad and provided security at checkpoints during her combat tour in Iraq . When she returned home , she became overly protective of her two children , fearing that someone was going to kidnap or harm them . At the same time , she hunkered down inside her home , staying in bed , because she says it was too hard to face the most mundane tasks such as shopping . "  It was crazy . I could n't even do crowds . It reminded me when we were in a marketplace  in Iraq  , and we did n't know if somebody was out there to kill us , " Moss explains . "  I 'm back home , and I did n't have to worry about a suicide bomber , but I still felt as if there was one lurking in the mall or the grocery store . " Six years ago , she cut her wrists to end the pain . Today , Moss has progressed significantly after specialized therapy provided by the local Veterans Affairs in Palo Alto , California , where the focus is on female vets like herself . "  Women tend to be diagnosed more often , at least with our recent returnees , with depression , whereas men are being diagnosed more often with substance abuse , " says Natara Garovoy , program director of the Women 's Prevention , Outreach & Education Center at VA Palo Alto Health Care System . Garovoy says recent studies show the percentage of women veterans suffering from PTSD is on par with the percentage of men : 20 % . "  Women are exposed to combat now more than ever before , and they 're proving to be just as resilient to those exposures as men , " she said . There is no cure for PTSD , only treatment . "  It takes a lot to live with PTSD , " Moss says . "  I hate to compare it with being an alcoholic , because I 'm not one , but that 's the best description I can give . You 're always one incident from spiraling out of control back to where you were -- being depressed , not coming out of the house , not being able to sleep , having night terrors , night sweats , all those kinds of things . " Moss attributes an angry outburst in her workplace last year to PTSD , after she says she had become complacent with her treatment . Moss physically struck a fellow employee with whom she was romantically involved . "  I just went off . It went from verbal to physical . And , thank God , I did n't lose my job over it . But I did get in trouble , " says Moss , who was suspended for three days without pay . "  Those feelings came out of nowhere . " Moss says she realized that even years later , she needed to actively engage in her weekly therapy . She also turned to her boss , the chaplain at the Palo Alto VA , to focus on her spirituality . "  I 'm constantly working on how I 'm thinking , " Moss says of her regimen today , which includes morning meditation , listening to gospel music and exercising . Her new mantra : "  Staying positive and keeping negativity out of my life ! " Moss has lost 40 pounds in the last two years and is pursuing a degree in human resource management at San Francisco 's Golden Gate University . Moss beams with pride when she discusses recent steps in her therapy made within the last six months . She went on a trip by herself to Philadelphia while her teenage children went away to camp . She says technology , like video chat , helped her make such a stride . Moss also took her daughter to a concert in October , braving a shoulder-to-shoulder crowd . "  It 's a big deal to know that from then to now , I 've come a long way , " Moss says with a smile . "  From head to toe , I 'm a better me . " CNN 's Linda Hall contributed to this report .	Staff Sgt. June Moss was diagnosed with PTSD after serving in the Iraq war As more women see combat , more female vets are suffering from PTSD Treatment helps , but Moss worries about slipping back into depression Today , Moss has gotten over her fear of crowds
CNN  ISIS has again destroyed cultural treasures , this time bulldozing the site of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq , the nation 's Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities said . "  ISIS continues to defy the will of the world and the feelings of humanity , " the ministry said in a statement . "  They violated the ancient city of Nimrud and bulldozed its ancient ruins . " The extent of the damage was n't immediately clear , according to Iraqi state broadcaster Iraqiya TV . "  Our ministry condemns these criminal acts , " the statement said . "  Letting these lost gangs go without punishment will encourage them to destroy humanity 's civilization , the Mesopotamian civilization , inflicting irreversible priceless damages and losses . " Photos : Precious monuments lost in conflicts Nimrud was a city in the Assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C. . The archaeological site is south of Mosul in northern Iraq . The razing of Nimrud comes a week after a video showed ISIS militants using sledgehammers to obliterate stone sculptures and other centuries-old artifacts in the Mosul Museum . That museum held 173 original pieces of antiquity and was being readied for reopening when ISIS invaded Mosul in June , according to Qais Hussain Rashid , the antiquities ministry 's director general of Iraqi museums , who spoke to Iraqiya TV last week . Nimrud and nearby Nineveh are the sites where two Assyrian kings , Sennacherib  704-681 B.C.  and Ashurnasirpal II  883-859 B.C.  , recorded successful military campaigns on the walls of their palaces , according to the World Monuments Fund , a group dedicated to saving the world 's most treasured places . "  Depicted in the reliefs are marauding troops in foreign lands , rendered in a style marked by lively action and attention paid to topographic and ethnographic detail , " the fund 's website says . "  The palaces of Sennacherib at Nineveh and Ashurnasirpal II at Nimrud are vestiges of the political , cultural and artistic height of the Assyrian Empire . The remains of these palaces , the only Assyrian palaces left preserved and decorated with reliefs , are now protected against vandals and function as site museums where visitors can appreciate ancient wall reliefs in their original setting , " the fund said in a website posting before this week 's ISIS assault on Nimrud . King Ashurnasirpal II made Nimrud the royal seat and the military capital of Assyria , Encyclopedia Britannica 's website says . Buildings at Nimrud "  have yielded thousands of carved ivories , mostly made in the 9th and 8th centuries B.C. , now one of the richest collections of ivory in the world , " the encyclopedia says . ISIS has destroyed other ancient and deeply meaningful sites in Iraq . Officials have said ISIS has blown up shrines such as the tomb of Jonah . Opinion : Destruction of antiquities proves folly , hypocrisy of ISIS	Nimrud was city in Assyrian kingdom , which flourished between 900 B.C. and 612 B.C. ISIS has destroyed other ancient sites in Iraq , home of some of earliest civilizations
CNN  When Barack Obama heads to India this weekend to meet Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , he will be both the first U.S. president to attend as Chief Guest and the first U.S. president to visit India twice during his term of office . But despite Obama 's warm rhetoric and talk of U.S.-India ties being a "  defining partnership of the 21st century , " the man of the hour when I was visiting India last month was a different world leader : Vladimir Putin . "  Russia has been India 's foremost defense partner through decades . ... Russia will remain our foremost defense partner , " Modi explained during the Russian President 's visit , adding that the "  strategic partnership " between the two countries was "  incomparable . " These comments followed Modi 's claim to Putin at the BRICS summit last summer that : "  Even a child in India , if asked to say who is India 's best friend , will reply it is Russia because Russia has been with India in times of crisis . " Throw in India 's soothing expression of "  understanding " over Russia 's actions in Ukraine , and it is hard not to wonder whether Modi 's words are more than just the kinds of diplomatic platitudes you might expect from a gracious host . Indeed , even as Modi signed off a speech in Central Park with the words "  May the force be with you , " I was reminded of another classic American film series -- "  Back to the Future " -- and wondered whether Modi 's encouraging words to Putin might reflect a certain nostalgia for days gone by . True , since the fall of the Soviet Union and India 's economic reforms , the world 's two largest democracies have done their best to put the days of Cold War estrangement behind them : The United States has cooperated with India extensively on terrorism and maritime security , and India conducts more military exercises with the United States  India 's largest defense supplier  than any other nation . In addition , the United States has done the heavy lifting in trying to bring India into the international civil nuclear community . And even India 's traditional concern over the U.S.-Pakistan relationship seems to have eased in recent years . Yet as the State Department has noted , the India-Russia defense deals announced during Putin 's visit come at a particularly bad time . For the first time since World War II , Europe has a leader in Putin who evidently believes it is acceptable to alter international boundaries through the use of force . One would think an India disputing Chinese and Pakistani territorial claims to entire Indian states would be particularly wary of the embrace of a former KGB agent who was so quick to force his own way . But even setting aside India 's inconsistency on this , it is unclear what practical benefits India should see in wanting to so closely ally itself with a country whose currency is being severely devalued , whose economy is reeling from falling oil prices and international sanctions , whose trade with India is less than a tenth of that with the United States , and whose planes India has bought , even as questions are now raised about their reliability . In fact , the reality is that since the Cold War , Russia has been largely missing in action in regard to India . The views of Russia expressed during the Putin visit therefore seem largely formed by Cold War relations between India and the Soviet Union rather than present reality . But perhaps most importantly of all , this apparent nostalgia raises the question of how India 's policy toward Russia can be reconciled with Indian values of democracy , the rule of law , and individual liberty -- values shared with the United States and that are often cited by leaders and citizens , including the 3.8 million Indian Americans who have helped build the natural partnership between the United States and India . Because unfortunately , these democratic values are being steadily eroded in Russia under Putin  the criminal prosecution of opposition leader Alexei Navalny being but the latest example  , who has derided talk of them as American attempts to impose a sort of cultural imperialism . Both India and the United States need to work with Russia on a variety of issues . But this no time for reverting to relations of a bygone era . Most Indians , and a large number of Americans , were not even alive when the Soviet Union and India were the best of friends -- an era the United States and India should be working to put behind them by looking to a future in which U.S. and Indian school children will recognize their respective nations as best friends . For this to happen , the U.S. and India must act accordingly .	Barack Obama arrives for a visit in India this weekend Ray Vickery : Since Cold War , Russia largely missing in action over India
CNN  On the heels of the magical success of Disney 's live-action "  Cinderella , " the studio is eyeing another live-action retelling : "  Mulan . " Disney bought a script by writing team Elizabeth Martin and Lauren Hynek that centers on the Chinese legend of Hua Mulan , the female warrior who was the main character in Disney 's 1998 animated film . Chris Bender and J.C. Spink  "  We 're the Millers  are producing the new project . From Cinderella to Elsa  and Back to Cinderella  : The Evolution of Disney Princesses The 1998 film , directed by Tony Bancroft and Barry Cook , followed a young woman who disguises herself as a man so she can take her father 's place in the army and go to war . With the help of her trusty dragon sidekick Mushu , she becomes a skilled warrior and , eventually , one of the country 's greatest heroines . It earned $ 304.3 million worldwide , earned Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations and resulted in a 2005 direct-to-DVD sequel , "  Mulan II . " Disney has been on a roll with its live-action versions of its classic animated films . "  Cinderella , " starring Lily James , has earned $ 336.2 million worldwide to date since hitting theaters three weeks ago . In 2010 , the reimagined "  Alice in Wonderland " grossed a staggering $ 1.02 billion and when "  Maleficent , " starring Angelina Jolie as the iconic villainess , opened in May 2014 , it went on to earn a stunning $ 758.4 million worldwide . ` Beauty and the Beast ' : Meet the Cast of Disney 's Live-Action Retelling Disney is also making a live-action retelling of "  Beauty and the Beast , " starring Emma Watson and Dan Stevens . Audra McDonald just joined the cast of the project , which will be directed by Bill Condon . It hits theaters on March 17 , 2017 . And in 2016 Disney will release a new version of "  The Jungle Book " and the sequel to "  Alice in Wonderland . " Finally , a live-action version of "  Dumbo , " which will be helmed by Tim Burton , is also in the works . Best bad guys : The scariest Disney villains Writing team Martin and Hynek met in high school , among other projects , have written for the Know Theatre of Cincinnati and rewrote a script for Amazon Studios .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	After the buzz from ` Cinderella ' and ` Maleficent , ' Disney is planning a live-action take on ` Mulan . ' Mulan is a female warrior and star of the 1998 animated film . Live action remakes of ` Beauty and the Beast ' and ` Dumbo ' are already in the works .
When the discussion turns to the U.S.-Mexico border , living less than an hour away has its privileges . I 've covered the international boundary from three states  California , Arizona and Texas  and from every conceivable angle -- including from the air . I once went up in a Border Patrol helicopter that started at the Pacific Ocean and flew east over the fence line . On the Mexican side , homeowners in Tijuana were using the scrap metal wall put up by U.S. taxpayers as their backyard fence . Down the road , groups of young men waited patiently for their chance to cross . What Americans consider an impenetrable barrier , the desperate and determined see as a speed bump on the road to a better life . I 've learned over a quarter-century of writing about immigration from the Southwest to be skeptical about claims that the federal government can fully secure the 1,969-mile U.S.-Mexico border . Do n't tell that to Sens. Bob Corker of Tennessee and John Hoeven of North Dakota . The Republican senators have proposed an amendment to the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " immigration bill . It would increase the size of the Border Patrol by 20,000 agents , and complete 700 miles of border fencing . The amendment might get the bill some Republican votes . But it probably wo n't do much to secure the border . The property line between the two countries goes through everything from deserts to mountains to private ranch land to a university to the Rio Grande . Ever try to build a fence on a river ? It 's not easy . Americans can build walls and fences , triple the number of Border Patrol agents , and deploy SEAL Team 6 if they like . Yet , it wo n't make much difference . Talk to the experts -- the Border Patrol agents -- and they 'll tell you : There is no impediment that a person wo n't go around , over or under if it means being able to feed his family . Speaking of "  under , " law enforcement officials say there are likely hundreds of sophisticated drug tunnels all along the U.S.-Mexico border built by drug cartels . The smugglers who used to move illegal drugs have now branched out and smuggle illegal immigrants . There is evidence that they 're moving their human cargo through the tunnels -- underneath all the nifty and expensive enforcement tools deployed on the surface . Advocates of border security disagree that the crackdown is n't working . They insist that the fact that the flow of Mexican immigrants into the United States is at a historic low is attributable to the billions of dollars we 've spent on everything from border fencing and additional Border Patrol agents to high-tech surveillance equipment . That shows how little they know . There are two major reasons that fewer people are coming , and neither of them originated on the U.S. side of the border . First , there are more opportunities than there have been in recent years to make a decent living in Mexico . And there is a sluggish economy in the United States . So all things being equal , more Mexicans are deciding that migrating to "  el norte " is n't worth the hassle . Second , our border crackdowns have been very beneficial to at least one group -- coyote smugglers . Every time we build a mile of fencing or deploy more agents , we make it harder for them to do business , so they raise their prices . A trip across the border that , 10 years ago , cost about $ 500 now runs as much as $ 4,000 -- more if you absolutely , positively have to be there overnight . Many Mexicans have sticker shock . Honestly , it makes you wonder if Republicans in Congress are in cahoots with the immigrant smugglers . One is putting money into the pocket of the other . If you want to know why the United States has had such a tough time controlling illegal immigration over the years , there 's one reason . What other law enforcement operation can you think of where the harder you crack down , the wealthier and more powerful the bad guys get so they can come back and fight you even harder the next time ? Here 's the elephant in the Congressional caucus room : Americans will never control illegal immigrants until lawmakers -- in both parties -- "  man up " and risk angering the businesses that contribute to political campaigns by fining and locking up U.S. employers who hire illegal immigrants . And let 's not forget one of the biggest offenders , who is somehow never mentioned by the media -- the American household , with its growing dependence on nannies , housekeepers , gardeners , senior care givers and other helpers . Adding to the problem , pro-border security conservatives confuse "  securing " the border with "  sealing " the border . They say they want to secure the border . But when you hear the details -- i.e. , the "  100 % awareness " rate and "  90 % apprehension " rate called for by an amendment from Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , who is almost certainly going to vote against the Senate bill anyway -- it 's clear that what these folks really want is to seal the border . There is a big difference between securing and sealing . The former is feasible ; the second is a fantasy . Anyway , I suspect that a lot of this is smoke and mirrors and that the Republican senators who want to block immigration reform are merely seizing on border security as an excuse . Conservatives saying that we ca n't have immigration reform before we secure the U.S.-Mexico border is like liberals saying we ca n't have more welfare reform until we end poverty . That 's never going to happen , and they know it . So we 're just playing games . In the meantime , millions of people are stuck in the legal equivalent of suspended animation , and a once-in-a-generation opportunity to fix a broken system is being wasted .	Ruben Navarrette : Tightened border security wo n't prevent immigration He says Washington 's moves reveal ignorance about 1,969 mile U.S.-Mexico border If people are intent on getting across , they 'll find a way , he says
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Kashi Shodeinde turned the ignition and his battered truck convulsed as black fumes poured from the exhaust . His precious cargo of bottled Guinness beer rattled as he set off into the gauntlet of Lagos ' potholed roads and traffic . Nigeria consumes more Guinness beer than Ireland , the company says . Working for a foreign company to send his three children to school , Shodeinde is on the frontline of private investors ' struggle to gain a foothold in Nigeria . "  In the whole of Nigeria , Guinness is No. 1 ! " he exclaimed . Brewed in Nigeria since 1962 , the country 's thicker-tasting "  Foreign Extra " is not just supporting Shodeinde and his family , but helped Guinness Nigeria defy the global recession with 6 percent annual growth this year , according to the company . Nigeria now drinks more Guinness than Ireland -- making it the second-biggest consumer in the world , after Britain , according to Guinness Nigeria . A success story like Guinness in Nigeria highlights the potential for trade and foreign investment in Africa that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke about last week when she addressed an African trade convention in Kenya . "  Africa is capable , and is making economic progress . In fact , one does n't have to look far to see that Africa is ripe with opportunities , some already realized , and others waiting to be seized together if we determine to do so , " Clinton said . She is on a tour of Africa to promote development and good governance , and to underscore the Obama administration 's commitment to Africa . Nigeria is one of several countries on her itinerary . But many challenges keep foreign businesses from coming to Nigeria . Regarded as a frontier market , Nigeria is ranked 118 out of 187 in the World Bank 's "  Doing Business " rankings . Failing infrastructure , irregular electricity and erratic government policies have caused foreign investors to shy from Nigeria 's relatively untapped market of 150 million people . "  Nigeria remains an information dark spot and therefore does itself no advantage in terms of trying to attract foreign investment , " said Doyin Salami , an economist at Lagos Business School . The Dunlop and Michelin tire companies have in recent years closed their factories in Nigeria , because of the rising cost of production . Yet , Nigeria Guinness is expanding its facilities to increase production . "  Business is really growing , " said Afebuameh Cephas , the plant manager for Guinness ' Benin factory , saying production was up almost 30 percent in a year . All the ingredients are produced locally -- except for Guinness extract , a secret ingredient added to Guinness brewed anywhere in the world . But there 's no secret to Guinness ' Nigeria success , said Chairman Tunde Savage . "  The most important thing here is you have to be very transparent in what you do . Your governing principle must be very clear here . You must ensure you do things correctly and rightly . " Fortunately for competitors , Guinness is not to everyone 's taste . Bottles of all shapes and flavors rattled on a bar table in Lagos one recent night as a band struck a deep bass note in the humidity of the night . "  It 's too harsh ! It 's too harsh ! " one regular exclaimed . "  It tastes good for an African man ! " argued another .	Guinness beer plant in Nigeria expanding facilities as business thrives Guinness success story highlights potential for foreign investment in Africa But other foreign companies have pulled out of Nigeria , citing rising production costs Problems with infrastructure , government make some hesitate to invest in Nigeria
CNN  -- More than 10 million people -- almost one in two men , women and children -- in Yemen -- are facing a looming catastrophe . Families are surviving , but only just . Food and fuel price spikes , coupled with political instability , have left Yemen 's economy in tatters . As is often the case , ordinary people are bearing the brunt of this crisis and have exhausted their options for coping with the extreme challenges that they face . Despite a new president and a political transition process underway , the humanitarian crisis continues to deteriorate . The economy has not recovered and food prices have not come down . In Hodeidah , a western port governorate where the largely rural population relies upon agriculture and fishing for livelihoods , the farming has dropped to a third of its normal production . Fishermen , large and small-scale farms , alike , can not afford the diesel necessary to power their engines and water pumps -- even when it is available in the market . Many people lost their jobs during the political turmoil last year , at a time when food prices were skyrocketing . Like many families in Yemen with no alternatives , Mariam 's sons left her and their young children to migrate to Saudi Arabia for work . She is 60 years old and sits in a one room hut which she built , together with her children , 10 years ago . She now shares it with her seven grandchildren . She tells me that like many others in the village , her sons were day laborers , and forced to migrate illegally to Saudi Arabia to look for work . " My three sons are now in Saudi . They went searching jobs after they lost their jobs here . They have n't sent us any money yet . Last time , one called me saying that they could n't find work and they are still being pursued by the Saudi police . He was saying that he wo n't send us money this month and asked us to find a way to keep going until they get a job . " Many families talk about selling off their few assets , skipping meals for two to three days at a time and pulling their children from school to just survive . With all of their neighbors in the same level of crisis , and the effects of the crises expected to deteriorate further , ordinary Yemenis have exhausted their options . Over the past year , one in three Yemenis purchased food on credit , and one in four are still falling further into food-related debt . Mariam describes with utmost fatigue how she turned towards creditors as a last resort : "  We live on ` please give me , ' ' lend me until tomorrow , ' ` please wait until God gives me help to return your money ' ; this is our life now . " But the creditors and traders can not continue to have stock go out without money coming in . They have started to turn away families . Samia , mother of five , told me about her desperation at being turned away from the trader with tears in her eyes and her very sick child in her arms . "  They tell you , I am not God , I can not provide ... even as your child lies there dying . " Life was always difficult , but the past year has pushed families to their limits . Mariam was among more than 100,000 beneficiaries that received cash from Oxfam 's ECHO-funded Emergency Food Security and Livelihoods project  EFSL  , created as a quick response to meet people 's inability to purchase food caused by the current crises in the country . The project provided cash grants of $ 25 to families for each of three months . Those that received the payment included a diversity of vulnerable groups such as women , children , chronically-ill , disabled , elderly-headed households , and low income families . Mariam tells me : " I bought salt , sugar , oil , flour , and medicine for one of my grandsons . I also paid off some of my debts . Those payments were enough to buy food for about 20 or 25 days ... though it 's only 25 days , it was a gift from God . " But despite the need for quick solutions like this , which meet people 's immediate needs with dignity and can build towards lasting solutions , funding for humanitarian programmes has not been flowing fast enough . Food insecurity is at risk of becoming a normal part of life in Yemen , but the U.N. humanitarian appeal for the country has been just 43 percent funded . The crisis has worsened since the appeal launched in December , so the funds needed to help people in need are likely to increase when the appeal is reviewed this June . At this week 's Friends of Yemen meeting in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , donors pledged a reported $ 4 billion in new funds for the country . The pledges are generous and signal that the international community recognizes the dire level of need ; but it is unclear as yet exactly how this money will be spent and when it will arrive in Yemen . A good proportion of these funds need to be fast-tracked to meet the urgent humanitarian need . Almost half of Yemenis do not have enough to eat today and Yemen is entering its hunger season . The world can bring Yemen back from the brink of catastrophe -- but only if it acts now .	Oxfam : 10 million people in Yemen are on the brink of starvation Food and fuel price spikes , coupled with political unrest , has hurt Yemen 's economy One in three Yemenis purchased food on credit in the past year
Rolling Stone  -- Merle Haggard is no stranger to the White House : He was a guest of both Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , who -- when he was governor of California -- had granted the singer a full pardon for the felonies and misdemeanors that led to three years at San Quentin Prison . Earlier this month , the 73-year-old singer returned to Washington , this time alongside Paul McCartney , Oprah Winfrey , composer Jerry Herman and dancer/choreographer Bill T. Jones to receive the Kennedy Center Honors , a lifetime achievement for the performing arts . In this interview , Haggard reflects on the three-day whirlwind gala , his life after lung cancer , and future plans to record and tour in a new supergroup with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson . The 100 Greatest Singers of All Time : Merle Haggard What was the highlight for the whole thing for you ? I probably enjoyed meeting the presidents , especially Bill -LSB- Clinton -RSB- . Is he a big fan of yours ? Well he said he was , and he never lied to me -LSB- laughs -RSB- . It was also nice to meet Obama and find him very different from the media makeout . It 's really almost criminal what they do with our President . There seems to be no shame or anything . They call him all kinds of names all day long , saying he 's doing certain things that he 's not . It 's just a big old political game that I do n't want to be part of . There are people spending their lives putting him down . I 'm sure some of it 's true and some of it 's not . I was very surprised to find the man very humble and he had a nice handshake . His wife was very cordial to the guests and especially me . They made a special effort to make me feel welcome . It was not at all the way the media described him to be . What 's the biggest lie out there about Obama ? He 's not conceited . He 's very humble about being the President of the United States , especially in comparison to some presidents we 've had who come across like they do n't need anybody 's help . I think he knows he 's in over his head . Anybody with any sense who takes that job and thinks they can handle it must be an idiot . Did you talk to the President much ? I told him , "  You and I have something in common : our wives are both taller than we are . " And he said "  No ! She 's got on 3-inch heels ! And she is not that tall ! " He was like me . He grabbed that real quick . Merle Haggard Looks Back in New Documentary Did you spend much time mingling with the other honorees ? We had quite a bit of time . There were three events that I attended . Paul was there the whole time . But "  Ope " -- we got to call Oprah "  Ope " -- was completely beside herself . I do n't think she 'd ever been a recipient of much in her life . She reached over to me , leaned over and said , ` You know , we 've come the farthest . ' Some people wrote about how they did n't think Oprah should be in there because she did n't write music or is n't an artist . Some people I think are too critical and do n't have not enough intelligence to make that kind of a comment . Who is to say ? There 's a hundred people , including all of the ex-presidents ' wives , that have a say on who is nominated . It 's not about who wrote the best song or who the best songwriter was , but who was the best in their field . And television is certainly a modern method of communication that you ca n't overlook and she 's probably the mother figure of that right now . I do n't know how anybody can say she was n't deserving of it . What was it like hanging out with Paul McCartney ? He 's Paul McCartney , man . You ca n't forget that he wrote those songs . That kept going through my mind : I 'm an aspiring songwriter and sat beside the guy that wrote "  Yesterday . " I recorded that . Some guys are famous for some songs you do n't remember , but that 's not the case there . When they started "  Hey Jude , " with this wonderful orchestra , the building came apart . Everybody in the audience was singing it . It was a chiller . Quite a few people showed up to honor you . Kris Kristofferson sang "  Silver Wings " Willie and Sheryl Crow sang "  Today I Started Loving You Again , " Vince Gill and Brad Paisley sang "  Workin ' Man 's Blues . " Jamey Johnson did "  Ramblin ' Fever . " What was it like to sit there and just watch these people play your songs that you wrote over the years ? Well , it 's the ultimate . You 're hittin ' around the right spot , it 's great , and probably could n't be topped . And I enjoyed watching Vince Gill give Brad Paisley a lesson - -- he took a course on "  Workin ' Man Blues . " But Brad is so hot and so good . Did you have a good chance to catch up with old friends Willie and Kris ? We got to eat a little something together . We did n't know what the hell this food was , but we thought it was funny . Last summer you told us you and Willie are planning to record an album of new material together . I 'm glad you brought that up . We talked about doing that together , but with the presence of Kris , we talked about the three of us doing it . I 'm sure if we 're healthy and live to do it , we 'll do it . We thought about the title : the Musketeers . You know , because there 's the three of us . We 'll come up with some little way of describing ourselves I guess and put it together into a show . You had part of your lung removed in 2008 due to cancer and had to cancel a few shows back in September for health reasons . How are you feeling now ? Well , it took a long time to get over that surgery . It took the best part of two years and I 'm just now feeling like I might be able to reach over and pick up a garbage can with the right arm . They removed an upper lobe of my right lung , and they had to go in underneath my arm . It 's quite painful and irritating to have that . You know how tender that is underneath your arm . To have that heal up , it takes a couple of good years . I think I 'm all right now . I went down and had a checkup just prior to going back for this little gig and I was clear . I did n't have anything , and that 's an awful good sign . See the full article at RollingStone.com Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Merle Haggard says highlight was meeting the presidents , especially Bill Clinton "  Obama 's  very humble about being the President of the United States , " says Haggard Haggard : "  I do n't think she 'd  Oprah  ever been a recipient of much in her life "
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- A car bomb struck a U.S. Embassy vehicle Tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of Beirut , killing at least three Lebanese civilian bystanders , according to American and Lebanese officials . Lebanese soldiers and Red Cross workers stand near charred cars at the site of the explosion in Beirut . The driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries , and the sole passenger walked away unscathed , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . Both were Lebanese nationals , he said . An American citizen who happened to be in the area suffered non-life-threatening injuries , the spokesman said . Lebanese internal security forces said three Lebanese civilian bystanders were killed in the explosion in Beirut 's Dora area , contradicting earlier reports of four . Twenty-one others -- including the American bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram  33-pound  bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said . The United States is outraged by the terrorist attack , said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who is traveling with President Bush in Saudi Arabia . "  I want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , " she added . It was not clear whether the blast was caused by a suicide attack or by a remotely detonated car bomb . A communique issued by the U.S. Embassy in Beirut said the embassy vehicle was apparently the intended target of the attack , and identified the driver and passenger as Lebanese security personnel for the embassy . But McCormack cautioned against jumping to any conclusions on the intended target . "  We do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , " he told reporters during the State Department 's daily briefing . "  We will see over the next day or two ... where the facts lead us . " Citing security concerns , McCormack would also not address unconfirmed reports that the vehicle was part of a convoy for departing U.S. Ambassador to Lebanon Jeffrey Feltman . A U.S. Embassy statement said Feltman canceled a farewell ceremony that he was to host Tuesday night "  out of respect to the victims of today 's terrorist explosion . " In addition to the American , an Iraqi and at least three Lebanese were among those wounded in the blast , according to a Western diplomatic source . Video of the scene showed several damaged cars , including at least one that was left a pile of twisted metal . A nearby high-rise building also sustained damage . Mohammed Chatah , senior adviser to Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during "  a major political crisis " in Lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . "  This explosion just exacerbates a difficult situation , " Chatah told CNN . Tuesday 's blast appears to be the latest in a series of attacks against pro-Western , anti-Syrian targets in the Lebanese capital . Most recently , an explosion in Beirut 's Christian suburb of Baabda killed Brig. Gen. Francois Al-Hajj , the head of operations for the Lebanese army , and his bodyguard on December 12 . Al-Hajj was believed to be a top candidate to take over as army commander in the event current commander Gen. Michel Suleiman was elected to replace Emile Lahoud as president . Lebanon has been in the midst of a political crisis as pro- and anti-Syrian lawmakers in parliament are locked in a battle to elect a new president . The nation has been without a president since November 23 , when the pro-Syrian Lahoud stepped down at the end of his term . In February 2005 , the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in Beirut sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of Syrian forces from Lebanon . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Anthony Mills in Beirut and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report	NEW : The United States is outraged by the attack , Secretary of State Rice says Car bomb strikes U.S. Embassy vehicle north of Beirut Three Lebanese civilians dead , American and Lebanese officials confirm Driver of the vehicle was slightly injured , and the only passenger was not hurt
CNN  -- In the three decades since he directed his first feature film , "  The Duellists , " filmmaker Ridley Scott has crafted a diverse filmography , serving up everything from the classic "  Thelma & Louise " to the Oscar-winning "  Gladiator . " But it 's his seminal 1979 science-fiction/horror film "  Alien " that will be called to mind this weekend as Scott makes his long-awaited return to the genre with Friday 's "  Prometheus . " Although it 's sometimes described as a prequel to "  Alien , " Scott 's clarified that "  Prometheus " is n't really a prequel as much as it shares "  Alien 's " DNA , which in itself is enough to raise audience expectations several notches . Scripted by Dan O'Bannon , "  Alien 's " story focused on the crew of the spacecraft Nostromo , which was returning to Earth when it took a detour to respond to a distress signal . It 's a decision that leads to devastating effects , as Scott made sure we understood , "  in space , no one can hear you scream . " Film fans cherish "  Alien " now as one of a kind , but critical reaction upon its theatrical release was actually pretty mixed . The New York Times called Scott a "  very stylish director " but added that "  Alien " was n't "  the seminal science-fiction film one wants from him . " Time magazine , meanwhile , said the film attempted to "  crossbreed the scare tactics of ` Jaws ' with the sci-fi hardware of ` Star Wars , ' " leaving viewers with "  a cinematic bastard , and a pretty mean bastard at that , " but little in the way of imagination or wit . That "  cinematic bastard " grew legs as the years went by , and has been ranked by the American Film Institute as one of the 10 best science-fiction films ever made . Part of the success is owed to H.R. Giger 's nightmarish alien , which Scott called in a recent Rolling Stone interview "  one of the best all-time monsters . " Without it , he went on , "  I 've got a nice , very well-acted , beautifully art-directed movie , but I ai n't got that f ***** g heart-stopping son of a b *** h that defies logic . "  We 'd bet audiences would agree . There 's also the grim outlook that Scott employs , which , along with his characters , helps remove any fantasy gloss from the idea of what the future holds . As Wired magazine 's Brian Raftery puts it , Scott 's sci-fi was "  progressively antiprogress " in a time when others were offering more optimistic perspectives . So while the "  Alien " franchise moved on without him , Scott was still rolling the story around in the back of his mind , particularly the question of what happened to the mysterious alien pilot , or "  Space Jockey , " that was seen in the 1979 film . "  I must have thought about it for three or four years and thought in all of the films nobody had asked a very simple question which was -- who is the big guy in the chair , " Scott told Empire magazine during a Q&A earlier this year . That turned into four questions , he went on : "  Who are they ? Why are they there ? Why that cargo and where were they going or had they in fact had a forced landing ? " Seeking answers , Damon Lindelof of "  Lost " and Jon Spaihts were enlisted to pen the "  Prometheus " script which takes place in the late 21st century , before the events seen in "  Alien . " With his sci-fi return , Scott 's exploring the idea of creator vs. creation as the crew of the Prometheus heads into space seeking the origins of mankind . Noomi Rapace stars as scientist Elizabeth Shaw , who believes ancient cave drawings suggest the "  engineers " of humans left the drawings as a kind of map to find them . She 's joined by her scientist boyfriend Charlie  played by Logan Marshall-Green  ; the captain of Prometheus , Idris Elba 's Janek ; Charlize Theron 's corporate-minded  and cold-blooded  Meredith , who watches out for the interests of the Weyland Corp. ; and Michael Fassbender 's creepily cool android , David , who so far has been a critical favorite . Although plot details have been kept close to the vest , "  Prometheus " holds the promise of a space exploration gone horribly wrong , and reviews have been cautiously laudatory . The Hollywood Reporter acknowledged its technical magnificence while citing a need for more "  adventurous thought , " while Entertainment Weekly praises Scott 's  per usual  command of imagery , but found the movie 's "  origin fable ... unwieldy . " Time will likely tell how "  Prometheus " holds up against Scott 's other films , however , and in the meantime , sci-fi fans can take heart -- he 's already at work on a "  Blade Runner " sequel .	Ridley Scott 's reputation for capturing a sci-fi story with skill and grandeur precedes him It 's been three decades since he last created a film in the genre This weekend 's "  Prometheus " is his long-awaited return to the style Not quite a prequel , "  Prometheus " has the same DNA as 1979 's "  Alien "
CNN  -- Republicans are consoling themselves with the claim that President Barack Obama did n't win a mandate Tuesday night , even if he did renew his White House lease for another four years . They are fooling themselves , however , if they think the 2012 election merely ratified the political status quo . More than just a personal victory for Obama , the outcome was an unmistakable defeat for GOP ideology . Disgruntled conservatives , of course , are already dressing Mitt Romney for the part of fall guy . But this is the politics of evasion . Sooner or later , GOP realists will have to reappraise the party 's message rather than shoot its messenger . That message was a call for rolling back government . Intoxicated by a potent brew of resurgent libertarian dogma and intense personal animus toward Obama , Republicans vowed to undo his major achievements : health care reform , new rules for financial markets , the regulation of carbon emissions , higher fuel economy standards for autos , and so on . Conservatives also railed against an alleged epidemic of dependency on government ; called for deep spending cuts  but no tax hikes  to reduce public deficits ; threatened to roll back women 's reproductive rights ; and took extreme positions on tax , immigration and energy issues that seemed calculated to thwart bipartisan compromise . Such tea party radicalism seemed to work in 2010 , amid acute public dissatisfaction with the slow pace of economic recovery . But a different electorate -- larger , more moderate and more Democratic -- rejected the conservative vision this time . In effect , the pragmatic center reasserted itself on Tuesday . According to exit polls , a plurality of voters , 41 % , were moderates , and they favored Obama by 15 points . In general , voters viewed Obama as more for the middle class and Republicans as tilting toward the interests of the rich . They did not accept Romney 's claims that Obama has been an incompetent economic manager ; nearly half the voters instead blamed the weak economy on his predecessor . Opinion : Obama 's critics , repudiated at last And for all the GOP 's ceaseless demonization of Obamacare , the issue seemed to work in the president 's favor . Exit polls say health care registered as the voters ' second most important concern  albeit a distant second to the economy and jobs  . Obama won massively among these voters , which suggests that Republican promises to kill health care reform may have backfired by spurring greater intensity among its advocates . Some Republicans point hopefully to the fact that the election barely changed the existing composition of political forces in Washington . That 's true , but this was an election they could have won . With stubbornly high unemployment and the president 's low approval ratings  often below the previously supposed "  ca n't win " threshold of 50 %  , the Republicans had objective reality on their side . Instead , they blew it by indulging in pathological partisanship and ideological hubris . The big question now is whether Republicans will accept the lessons of their defeat or take refuge in the usual alibis . The biggest lesson , of course , is they lost because they picked the wrong candidate -- a Massachusetts moderate who did n't given the country a clear choice between undiluted conservatism and Obama 's alleged ultra-liberalism . This electoral math is no better than Romney 's budget math . America may list slightly to the center-right , but no party can cede the center and win . What Republicans really need is an analogue to the New Democrat movement of the 1990s -- a determined effort by moderates and pragmatists to reassert control over their party 's agenda and electoral strategies . Whether they realize that is another matter : Democrats had to lose four out of five presidential elections between 1968 and 1992 before finally accepting that their message could no longer command electoral majorities . Opinion : Obama will get little time to celebrate Republicans do n't have that luxury . Tuesday 's results made it blindingly obvious that the GOP 's political strategy of relying almost exclusively on white voters already has reached a dead end . As expected , white turnout was 72 % , according to exit polls , two points down from 2008 , and is projected to be two points lower in 2016 . The GOP 's bet on a kind of white identity politics -- which dates back to Ronald Reagan 's successful 1966 run for governor in California and was ruthlessly perfected by Richard Nixon in 1972 -- is played out . Meanwhile , what the National Journal 's Ronald Brownstein calls the Democrats ' "  coalition of the ascendant " is growing by about the same amount every four years . This coalition includes minorities , young voters and women  especially single women  , along with highly educated white professionals . As they pore over election returns , expect GOP strategists to look especially ruefully at Latino voters . Obama won them by 71 % to 27 % , according to exit polls , improving on his 2008 performance . Assuming that Latinos would focus mainly on their economic struggles and ignore the GOP 's harshly anti-immigrant stance , proved to be a major miscalculation . A conservative governing philosophy centered on exploiting white voters ' sense of cultural dispossession is a formula for political marginalization , if not demographic suicide . Any honest post-mortem of the 2012 election should lead Republican strategists to this inescapable conclusion : It 's the ideology , stupid . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Marshall .	Obama 's re-election was an unmistakable defeat for GOP ideology , says Will Marshall Tea party radicalism seemed to work in 2010 , but not this time , he says According to exit polls , a plurality of voters were moderates , says Marshall The GOP strategy of relying on white voters has reached a dead end , he says
CNN  -- They may have a silly name and be 750-1 against to win the tournament , but Australia 's "  Socceroos " were Team Keen on May 28 , arriving first for the Brazil World Cup in a specially designed Qantas jet marked with the team logo . Thus began a small but nevertheless slideshow-worthy trend for spruced up World Cup aircraft . Brazil 's GOL adopted the role of attention-stealing host , with a paint job so magnificent it 's worthy of its own gallery . Germany 's Lufthansa became "  Fanhansa " on eight planes , in a design that valued minimalism and efficiency over gaudy ostentation . Click through the gallery for more .	Airlines are playing their part in the World Cup fever , with many rolling out themed liveries Brazil 's team is using a plane completely covered by graffiti art Germany 's Lufthansa has renamed eight of its planes to "  Fanhansa "
CNN  Ferguson is crumbling . The cowardly and reprehensible shooting Wednesday night of two police officers came in a tumultuous seven days for the Missouri town , which had already seen Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson announce his resignation after a damning Justice Department report on its police department . The report , which was ordered in the wake of the killing of Michael Brown last year , highlighted a predatory policing problem and a department that was biased , prejudiced and that has regularly targeted , arrested and fined African-Americans . Residents understandably want justice . But what 's worse in all this is that Ferguson is illustrative of a broader problem across the country as increasingly militarized majority-white police departments demonstrate consistent racial bias toward majority-black communities . It 's a combustible mix . In three-quarters of all U.S. cities with populations 50,000 or more , the police presence is "  disproportionately white relative to the local population , " according to The Washington Post . And tensions are being exacerbated by the use among police departments of military weapons , and stipulations that these former war zone weapons must be used within a year of acquisition . All this suggests a need for a completely new mindset on how we try to understand and implement policing practices across America . Indeed , a wholesale review of policies and approaches to law enforcement is needed , something that will likely necessitate drastic reforms in some departments so they can better represent , integrate , problem solve and liaise with the communities they are serving . First and foremost , our police departments must better reflect the diverse demographics of our increasingly diverse nation , whether it be race , creed , sexual orientation and more . America is changing fast , but police departments are n't keeping up . Training and recruitment of minorities is critical , yet far more needs to be taking place . With this in mind , amplifying community policing models that work and scaling them up immediately is essential if we are to stem the growing and sometimes overwhelming tide of frustration , anger and cynicism welling up among young African , Asian and Hispanic Americans . Second , we must radically rethink the trend toward the indiscriminate procurement and use of surplus military grade weaponry , which under the Department of Defense 's 1033 program is flowing from battlefields to our local police forces . When the weapons of war come home from Iraq and Afghanistan to help police America 's cities and towns , then you know something has gone terribly wrong with this country . Mine-resistant ambush protected vehicles , tanks , drones , grenades and assault weapons should not replace the community policing of our Main Streets . Ferguson is an excellent example of how the deployment of heavy weaponry inflames rather than de-escalates a crisis situation . Having military equipment on our streets does not make citizens feel safer , which is why the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act was recently reintroduced in Congress . We do not need our officers looking like "  Robocop " when they patrol our streets . It 's that simple . Yet until such a bill is passed , war weapons will continue to flood our streets ; Congress must act to stem this tide . We understand that times have changed and that new security threats require new solutions and procedures . But it does n't justify the 150 raids per day by special weapons and tactics units for incidents that can be as benign as a Department of Education warrant . This kind of aggressive approach does n't engender the kind of engagement necessary for identifying real risks lurking in a community . In fact , the opposite happens . Intelligence opportunities are dead on arrival , and potential allies who would otherwise be ready to help shut down immediately . Aggressive military-type action is quickly turning Americans against fellow citizens who they are ostensibly there to serve and protect . We therefore trust that President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder will take decisive action , working hand in hand with police departments all across this country . Yes , the White House 's task force on police militarization was a start , but more concrete measures are needed if we want to reverse the rising anger in Ferguson and elsewhere . The time for a change is now . If we do n't press our police departments to reflect the makeup and needs of our communities , then towns like Ferguson will unravel further .	Two police officers were shot Wednesday in Ferguson Hank Johnson , Michael Shank : Policing style needs rethink
CNN  The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at Panama City Beach , Florida , by spitting , urinating and pouring beer on them . "  They actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . I come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong , but now I feel like I 'm defending myself , " wounded veteran Nicholas Connole told CNN affiliate WJHG . "  People were urinating off the balconies , throwing up in the elevators , making suggestive and sexual comments about veterans with their service dogs and derogatory and suggestive comments about their wives , " said Linda Cope , organizer of the Warrior Beach Retreat . Both the University of Florida and the international office of Zeta Beta Tau are investigating , have apologized to the veterans group and the international office suspended activities for the fraternity chapters at the Florida school at at Emory in Atlanta . The fraternity 's executive director , Laurence Bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members from the University of Florida have been expelled from the group . "  While the details of their actions are still under investigation , there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior , " Bolotin said . "  On behalf of our entire organization , I want to apologize to veterans , both those who were in Panama City Beach , and those who have felt the pain from afar , as well as to their families and all who support the Warrior Beach Retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees . " "  I am personally offended and disappointed by the behavior that has been described to me , " University of Florida Student Affairs Vice President Dave Kratzer said . "  This is not representative of our students or of the university . " A reporter for CNN affiliate WFOX went to the University of Florida fraternity house on Friday seeking comment from members . Nobody answered her knock on the door or would talk when she approached them in the parking lot . Do fraternities make men behave badly ? Emory University issued a statement saying it was appalled to hear of the disrespectful acts but said "  no evidence has been found to implicate Emory students in these reported incidents . " Cope said the Wounded Warriors stayed at the same resort where the fraternities were having their spring formal . She said the fraternity members had too much to drink the night of April 17 . "  We had an American flag flying outside and there was urination coming down from the balconies going onto the flag , " she said . "  One of the drunk kids pulled a veteran American flag out of the ground and -LSB- we -RSB- made the boy put it back . This all happened Friday afternoon , through the night , into the late morning . " She said the veterans and their families did not retaliate . "  These men and women acted like the leaders they are of our country , " she said . Cope told WJHG she received an apology letter from the University of Florida president and the president of Zeta Beta Tau at that school . The website for Zeta Beta Tau says it 's the the world 's first Jewish fraternity and prides itself on being an inclusive organization . In 1989 , it became the first fraternity to abolish pledging from its organization , the website said .	The executive director of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity apologizes for "  ugly and unacceptable behavior " University of Florida and Emory University fraternity members are being investigated Wounded veterans , fraternity members stayed at the same resort at Panama City Beach , Florida
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father says he is concerned about the last moments of his son 's life and about the personal physician who found the pop icon unconscious at the singer 's estate . Singer Ne-Yo  L  and host Jamie Foxx pay tribute to Michael Jackson at 2009 BET Awards in Los Angeles . "  I have a lot of concerns , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon on the red carpet leading up to the BET Awards ceremony Sunday night . "  I ca n't get into that , but I do n't like what happened . " Michael Jackson 's personal physician , who was questioned extensively by investigators over the weekend , found the singer not breathing in bed when he entered the singer 's estate last week , according to the law firm representing the doctor . However , Jackson did have a slight pulse when Dr. Conrad Murray discovered him Thursday , and Murray tried to resuscitate the singer as he awaited paramedics , a representative with the law firm of Stradley , Chernoff and Alford law firm in Houston , Texas , told CNN Sunday . Attorney Edward Chernoff is representing Murray . The law firm said reports that Murray injected Jackson with powerful painkillers , such as Demerol or Oxycontin , were false . Funeral arrangements for Jackson were pending Sunday . "  We have n't gotten to that yet -- we 're working on that , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Lemon . Watch Joe Jackson talk about the death of his son " Murray voluntarily met for several hours with detectives , the Los Angeles Police Department said late Saturday night . "  Detectives assigned to Robbery-Homicide Division met with Dr. Murray and conducted an extensive interview , " a police statement said . "  Dr. Murray was cooperative and provided information which will aid the investigation . " Watch attorney for Jackson 's doctor say his client is not a suspect " Jackson 's family suspects that Murray can answer some lingering questions about the singer 's last hours , but they have been unable to contact him , the Rev. Jesse Jackson said Saturday . "  The routine inquiry is now an investigation , " Jesse Jackson said . "  They  Jackson 's family  did n't know the doctor . ... He should have met with the family , given them comfort on the last hours of their son . " Watch latest developments in Jackson 's death investigation " Jackson family attorney L. Londell McMillan told CNN that a second autopsy is "  under way . " "  We 'll let that process take its course , " McMillan , who accompanied Joe Jackson to the BET Awards , told CNN . McMillan said a will has not surfaced since Michael Jackson 's death and that the singer 's mother , Katherine Jackson , is seeking custody of his two children . "  Well , if there is no will , then under the state of California it goes to the next of kin . That 's an adult to administer and oversee the best interests of the children and that would be Mr. and Mrs. Jackson , " McMillan said . "  And Katherine Jackson is the duly appointed person . " He added , "  She will seek custody of the children . That 's who Michael would have wanted to have the children , she loves them dearly . " On Saturday , the founder of 1-800-AUTOPSY , a private firm that conducts autopsies , told CNN that the Jackson family had contacted the business to inquire about possibly having a second autopsy done there . Jesse Jackson added on Saturday that the family needed "  an independent autopsy to get even more answers to questions that are now being driven by the gap between when Michael was last seen alive and was pronounced dead . "  iReport.com : Tributes pour in for Jackson There are lingering questions , including : "  How long had he stopped breathing ? How long had he been unconscious ? " Jesse Jackson said . Michael Jackson was discovered unconscious Thursday by paramedics at his home , where Murray apparently had tried to revive him . He was rushed to a Los Angeles medical center , where he was pronounced dead . Listen to the 911 call " An autopsy performed by a county medical examiner was inconclusive -- although officials said there were no indications of external trauma or foul play . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has said more tests are needed before a cause of death can be determined . That could take four to six weeks . Detectives impounded Murray 's car , which was parked at the singer 's rented home , because , they said , it may contain evidence related to Jackson 's death , possibly prescription medications . Police have released no information on what they may have found . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Traci Tamura , Drew Griffin and Anna Coren contributed to this report .	Dr. Conrad Murray found Jackson not breathing but with a slight pulse Murray believed to be last person to see Michael Jackson alive Jackson 's father concerned about his son 's last moments Police conduct "  extensive interview " with Murray
CNN  -- Liverpool announced on Thursday that they have reached an agreement with Dutch club Heerenveen for the transfer of winger Oussama Assaidi , on a busy day of transfer activity in the Premier League . With the new season due to start on Saturday , and just over two weeks left of the transfer window , several of clubs have moved to finalise transfers in time for the first fixtures . Assaidi 's move is subject to a medical , but the Morocco international 's transfer could still be completed in time for him to play against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Elsewhere , former Manchester United , Fulham and Everton striker Louis Saha has signed a for Sunderland . The 34 year old striker left Tottenham Hotspur at the end of last season , and has agreed a one year deal with Martin O'Neill 's side . "  Louis is a striker whose abilities have been proven at the very highest level and he brings with him a raft of experience of top flight football , " O'Neill told the club 's website . "  I 'm delighted we have been able to complete a deal ahead of our first match of the season . " Sunderland 's local rivals Newcastle United also added to their side on Thursday , finally completing the transfer of Ajax midfielder Vurnon Anita . The 23 year old has signed a five year deal to become the club 's fourth signing of the summer . Newcastle manager Alan Pardew described Anita as "  exceptionally talented " and said he hoped the young players "  best years " will be at Newcastle . "  He has strengthened us . You need three top class central midfield players , which we now have . That is mainly where he will play , " said Pardew on the official website . The Dutch midfielder was delighted with the move . "  I won almost everything in Holland so the step was not difficult to make . Now I think we can also win trophies with Newcastle and it 's time to do that. , " Anita told the club 's website . "  In the Premier League especially , every game is tough so it can help me also to grow in my football skills . " "  I talked to the manager and the coach and they know that I want to play in a defensive midfield place and that 's why they brought me here , " he added .	Liverpool have agreed a deal for winger Oussama Assaidi Sunderland have signed striker Louis Saha on a free transfer Newcastle have completed the signing of Vurnon Anita Anita was described as "  exceptionally talented " by his new manager
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy says he needs to cut out his "  stupid mistakes " if he is rediscover his form ahead of the Masters at Augusta in two weeks ' time . The 23-year-old lost the world no. 1 spot to Tiger Woods this week and is still searching for his first tournament win in 2013 Woods , a 14-time major winner , climbed back to the top of the rankings with victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill , Florida on Sunday . In a friendly text message , the American challenged McIlroy to respond at the Houston Open tournament which began on Thursday at the Redstone Golf Club , Texas . But it was a difficult first round for McIlory who carded a one-over-par round of 73 to leave him in danger of missing the cut unless he improves over the next 18 holes . The 2012 PGA Champion bogeyed the par-four second before needing seven strokes to sink the par-five eighth hole . "  Stupid mistakes , silly bogeys " The back nine was a happier hunting ground for McIlory as he mixed four birdies with two bogeys but when he was asked in Houston what he needed to do to improve he said : "  I 'm not too sure . "  I think if I just eliminate the stupid mistakes and the silly bogeys then I feel like I 'm playing OK and hitting the ball well . " McIlroy 's slump in form has been linked to his switch to Nike equipment this year in a deal reported to be worth $ 250m . The 23-year-old indicated that he was still not comfortable with his competitive game . "  I 'm still maybe a bit tentative out there on the golf course , " he added . "  I 'm not committing to my shots fully . "  Hopefully another three rounds this weekend and some good scores will give me confidence going into the Masters . " American D.A Points held a one-shot lead over compatriots Cameron Tringale and John Rollins after finishing on eight under for the day in Houston . Points revealed he was using a refurbished version of his Mom 's putter that he had borrowed from her golf bag when he was a teenager .	Rory McIlroy wants to cut out "  stupid mistakes " before Masters Northern Irish golfer finished one over par in Houston Open first round McIlroy lost world no. 1 spot to Tiger Woods this week The PGA Champion says he still feels "  tentative " in competitions
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Why would an award-winning singer , songwriter , producer and single mother want to tack reality TV star onto her long list of accomplishments ? Kandi Burruss says she is happy to join the "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast . For Kandi Burruss , the newest member of the Real Housewives of Atlanta , the answer is simple : "  I was a fan last year . I love the show . " The second season of Bravo 's hit show is set to premier on Thursday with Burruss replacing cast member DeShawn Snow . Burruss is well-known in the music industry as a former member of the platinum-selling R&B girl group Xscape and co-writer of such hits as Destiny 's Child 's "  Bills , Bills , Bills " and TLC 's "  No Scrubs , " for which she won a Grammy . The Atlanta native almost ended up on another reality show with former group mate and writing partner Tameka "  Tiny " Cottle , who is the fiance of rapper T.I. and now stars on BET 's "  Tiny & Toya " alongside Antonia "  Toya " Carter , the ex-wife of Lil ' Wayne . The deal for that show did n't work out and Burruss said she was more than happy to sign on with Bravo 's wildly successful southern edition of the "  Housewives " franchise , which chronicles the lives of a group of affluent African-American women in the ATL . Burruss was already friendly with cast mate Lisa Wu Hartwell , whom she met through their mutual friend Cottle . Having watched the show -- which last season enraptured viewers with a mix of constant infighting , lavish lifestyles and a healthy dose of drama -- Burruss said she was more concerned with being thrust into the public eye than she was with getting along with the cast . "  The only thing that made me hesitant about wanting to be a part of the show is the fact that people are so critical of the show , " she said . "  Just dealing with people on the outside judging you . That part is going to be something that I am going to have to get used to . " The artist has already had to get acclimated to people smearing her personal life on the Internet . Watch Burruss discuss her time on the show " Newly engaged to a father of six children , Burruss has watched him get attacked in blogs and is protective of the man who she said even her mother is n't thrilled about her marrying . " -LSB- The show -RSB- has been very , very stressful on the relationship , " she said . "  I guess -LSB- people -RSB- could n't find anything bad -LSB- to say -RSB- about me , so they wanted to go in on my fianc . " Her caring nature and laid-back personality make Burruss special in the industry , said rapper Rick Ross . "  She 's a very humble person , maybe one of the most humble people among the biggest songwriters in the industry , " said Ross , who collaborated with Burruss on a track for a new solo album she has in the works . "  It 's good to be around the greats and she most definitely is one of the greatest in the industry . " Her home music studio attests to that . The walls are covered with gold and platinum records for her work with several high-profile artists including Alicia Keys , * NSYNC , Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston . Being part of a girl group helped prepare her for the drama of dealing with the other housewives ' personalities , Burruss said , though she admitted clashing with outspoken cast mate NeNe Leakes during filming . "  I was a fan of hers last year , " Burruss said . "  All that wild and crazy stuff she says to people , when you 're watching it , it 's funny , it 's hilarious ... but when it 's directed at you , it 's not funny anymore . " Burruss got along better with aspiring singer Kim Zolciak , who Burruss will assist in achieving her dream of breaking into the industry . Last season , fans of the show -- and some of the other housewives -- slammed Zolciak for her less-than-stellar voice . "  Everybody loves to hate on Kim . But what I have to say is that Kim is actually cooler in person than she came off on the show , " said Burruss , who in 1999 won top songwriter of the year from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers . "  I wanted to help her out because I love helping the underdog . " The busy artist said she has no idea if she will be invited back for another season . Appearing on the show , which Burruss said is not scripted , was fun , but she is busy with an upcoming album and with caring for her daughter , Riley , she said . She doubts she will be addicted to appearing on reality TV like she is addicted to music , Burruss said . "  It 's just another way for people to get to know you and hopefully they see me in a good light , " she said . "  You always hope that it does n't backfire . "	Kandi Burruss is the newest member of Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " An accomplished singer/songwriter/producer , she was a fan last season Burruss confirms she and cast mate NeNe Leakes did n't get along The single mother hopes fans will see her in "  a good light "
CNN  -- Italian President Giorgi Napolitano warned this week that the country could be on the verge of violent social uprising following more than a week of protests in several cities . This discontent in Italy comes at the same time as Ukraine is witnessing the largest civil unrest since the 2004 Orange Revolution . The protests highlight the significant political instability that has characterized international relations since 2008 , as was predicted by some . For instance , in February 2009 , U.S. Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair asserted that "  the financial crisis and global recession are likely to produce a wave of economic crises . " Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton agreed "  this economic crisis , left unresolved ... will upend governments , -LSB- and -RSB- it will unfortunately breed instability . " Five years on , these U.S. concerns have been at least partially borne out . However , the political instability that has ensued has had diverse origins , and the degree to which the financial crisis has been a driver has varied from country to country . In the European Union , for instance , millions have taken to the streets and administrations in more than half of the 27 member states fell or were voted out of office from Spring 2010 to 2012 alone . Within the core eurozone , 11 of 14 governments collapsed or were turfed out during that same two years . Even more eye-catching , however , have been the political revolutions and popular uprisings in emerging economies . This includes Ukraine and June 's demonstrations in Brazil  the largest in the country for two decades  ; through to what has been called the "  Arab Spring " in North Africa and the Middle East , including the civil war in Syria ; revolutionary changes of power in Egypt , Tunisia , and Libya ; transfer of power in Yemen ; plus demonstrations and uprisings in Turkey , Iran , Algeria , Bahrain , Jordan , Morocco and Oman . Despite the diverse nature of this international political instability , from Rio , and Athens , to Cairo , it has reportedly been described as "  a revolutionary wave , like 1848 " by Nigel Inkster , former director of operations for the UK Secret Intelligence Service . Others have compared the situation to 1914 , 1968 and 1989 . Whatever the validity of these historical analogies , it is clear that the current "  wave " of volatility has been driven by a broad range of economic , political , social and technological factors . And , these have played out in contrasting ways across the world . In the European Union , for instance , the role of economic downturn and austerity since the 2008 financial crisis has been key , especially in those states most impacted by the Eurozone crisis like Greece and Spain . Unrest , however , has also tapped into pre-existing disquiet with established European political parties and systems . In the Middle East , by contrast , protest has often stemmed primarily from deep-seated political and socio-economic discontent that has existed for many years . Post-2008 , however , factors including liquidity crunches , increased food prices , and unemployment spikes , have exacerbated these longer-standing grievances . A key question is whether international political instability will tail off in coming years , especially if economic recovery takes hold in much of the world . While this is possible , protest and uprising is likely to continue in some countries for at least two sets of reasons . Firstly , even if the worst of the financial crisis has now passed , its consequences endure , especially for the increased number of young people who are unemployed . This puts many at risk of long-term damage to their earnings potential and job prospects , fuelling discontent . In the EU , a record 24.4 % of people under 25 are unable to find work . This has given rise to concern , including from German Chancellor Angela Merkel about a "  lost generation , " especially in countries like Greece and Spain where youth unemployment is almost 60 % . As in Europe , youth unemployment in numerous Middle Eastern and North African countries is above 50 % , and it is estimated that the region 's average rate could breach 30 % within 5 years . In the Middle East , the problem is acute because it has the world 's biggest youth bulge comprised of increasing educated people . Secondly , there are some factors completely unrelated to the post-2008 financial crisis that will endure , if not intensify . This includes the disruptive role of social media . There remains debate about how instrumental social media has been in fomenting political instability in recent years , not least in the Middle East and North Africa . However , whether one sees this new technology as an essential component that translated discontent into concrete action , or accentuated what was already-inevitable , indisputably it has played an enabling role that will likely only grow . Taken as a whole , it is premature to claim , as some have done , that we have entered a new era of global revolution that is here to stay . Indeed , overall political instability may decline if the world economy enters a sustained recovery . However , there remains significant prospect of political volatility , as the current protests in Italy and Ukraine underline . While circumstances will vary from country to country , instability will potentially be fueled not just by legacy of the financial crisis such as higher youth unemployment , but also longer-standing political and socio-economic discontent which social media is giving new impetus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Political instability has characterized international relations since 2008 , writes Andrew Hammond Hammond : The impact of the financial crisis has varied from country to country The popular uprisings in emerging economies such as Ukraine and Brazil have been eye-catching , he writes Hammond : The current "  wave " of volatility has been driven by a broad range of factors
CNN  -- Detroit 's recent bankruptcy draws attention to a festering problem in America -- many of our cities are in trouble . According to Moody 's , more than half of the 50 largest U.S. cities have expenses and liabilities that overwhelm their tax revenues -- the same fiscal stress that bankrupted Detroit . The average poverty rate in the poorest half of our 50 largest cities is now nearly 26 % , up from just over 21 % in 2000 . Smaller cities are also struggling . Connecticut , where we are from , has five cities with a population between 100,000 and 150,000 . Three of those five have poverty rates above 25 % , despite the state 's overall wealth . Hartford , once the wealthiest city in the country in 1870 , is now one of the poorest , with a poverty rate of 38 % . Cities develop as centers of trade , industry , government or learning that create opportunity and prosperity as their population and economy expand . But if the economic forces driving that expansion go away , a city 's tax base can disappear while the costs of its infrastructure and a concentrated population remain . These cities end up with a lot of bills and no one to pay them . Their residents , who experience the American Dream when the city is growing , experience the American Nightmare when things turn down -- no job opportunity , underperforming schools , deteriorating housing stock , high crime rates and overextended social services . The market forces that make and break cities are powerful and probably can not -- and should not -- be controlled . Forcing the car industry to remain in Detroit would not have been the answer to Detroit 's problems . But market forces can be coaxed , and smart policy and good leadership make a difference . Pittsburgh , a city that arose around steel as Detroit did around cars , has been repurposed . With steel largely gone , Pittsburgh remains a smaller but thriving and financially healthy city with 125,000 net new jobs since 1990 and an unemployment rate below the national rate . Pittsburgh 's recovery was helped by good policy that included eliminating regulatory impediments to redevelopment of old industrial sites , replacing abandoned factories on the city 's riverfront with a 13-mile continuous loop of parks and supporting some of the country 's earliest small-business incubators . San Diego , a city developed around the defense industry , lost tens of thousands of jobs when the Cold War ended . As jobs left , crime rates rose to record highs , and the city faced a Detroit-like downward spiral . But good crime-fighting policies , including community policing and the early adoption of new forensic technologies , resulted in violent crime dropping from over nine crimes per thousand residents in 1993 to under four by 2011 . The Connecticut Policy Institute recently published its Urban Policy Project , a compendium of policy recommendations for preserving jobs , improving schools and housing , and reducing crime in struggling cities based on successful strategies from around the country . In addition to the strategies that worked in Pittsburgh and San Diego , these recommendations include education reform initiatives such as public school choice and "  money follows the child " approach to school funding , where dollars for charter and magnet schools go directly to those schools , rather than shared with the student 's school district overall . They also include crime reduction initiatives such as reducing recidivism with swift , certain and short punishment for probation violators and housing initiatives such as reforming the low-income tax credit so that it does n't force low-income families to remain in distressed neighborhoods . The "  money follows the child " concept of school funding helped San Francisco nearly double the number of students scoring "  proficient " or "  advanced " on the California Standards Test from 2002 to 2008 . Hawaii 's Opportunity Probation with Enforcement program , which immediately jails any probation or parole violator for up to four days , led to a 55 % decline in recidivism and a 72 % decline in parolee/probationer drug use from 2004 to 2010 . Without smart policy and strong leadership to counter the weakening of a city 's economic foundation , its residents endure very real human suffering and displacement . Fairness and opportunity for everyone are essential premises and promises of America . Both can disappear in a decaying city . There was a heavy focus on urban problems in the 1960s and 1970s . Booming economies -- beginning in the 1980s and continuing through 2007 -- reduced and masked those problems , but most were not fixed . Political dialogue now emphasizes the needs of the "  middle class " and "  working families " rather than the urban poor . It is time to re-engage in an effort to help our most challenged citizens and ensure that fairness and opportunity extend to everyone . The impact of our declining cities is the most compelling equity issue today . Let 's add fixing struggling cities to the national agenda . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Foley and Zimmer are concerned that U.S. cities big and small are failing to keep up with change Economic opportunity , education and poverty issues are growing , they say Detroit , Hartford , San Diego and Pittsburgh have different problems with different solutions
Atlanta  CNN  -- The number of people who have contracted a noncontagious form of meningitis linked to contaminated steroid injections soared to 91 Sunday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . The reported figure jumped by 27 people in one day , while the death toll remained at seven . Patients in nine states contracted the deadly fungal meningitis after being injected in their spine with a preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate that was contaminated by a fungus . The steroid is used to treat pain and inflammation . What is meningitis ? The New England Compounding Center  NECC  , the Massachusetts-based pharmacy that made the contaminated injections , voluntarily recalled three lots of the injected steroid last week . On Saturday , the same pharmacy announced a voluntary nationwide recall of all its other products as well . NECC said that the new recall was being announced out of an abundance of caution and that there is no indication any of its other products are contaminated . The Food and Drug Administration has already asked doctors , clinics and consumers to stop using any of the pharmacy 's products . The pharmacy on Wednesday voluntarily surrendered its license to operate until the FDA investigation into the contamination is complete . Health officials say 76 medical facilities in 23 states received the contaminated steroid injections from NECC . A list of the 76 affected medical facilities is on the CDC 's website at www.cdc.gov/hai/outbreaks/meningitis-facilities-map.html . The CDC raised the death toll Saturday after two people died in Michigan . Other deaths have been reported in Maryland , Tennessee and Virginia . Tennessee is reporting the most number of overall cases -- 32 -- which includes three deaths , according to the CDC . There are also confirmed cases in Florida , Indiana , Minnesota , North Carolina and Ohio . The other states that received the contaminated products from NECC are California , Connecticut , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Nevada , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas and West Virginia . Federal health inspectors began inspecting the NECC plant last Monday . Inspectors found foreign particles in unopened vials , and after testing one of the unopened vials , they determined the substance was a fungus . The investigation is still under way . Nearly 10 % of drugs administered in the United States come from compound pharmacies , according to a 2003 Government Accountability Office report . Drugs manufactured by compound pharmacies do not have to go through FDA-mandated premarket approval . Instead , state health pharmacy boards are responsible for the oversight and licensing of these pharmacies . Compound pharmacists create customized medication solutions for patients for whom manufactured pharmaceuticals wo n't work , according to the International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens like fungi , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , it is not contagious . Symptoms of fungal meningitis are similar to symptoms from other forms of meningitis , but they often appear more gradually and can be very mild at first , the CDC says . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , told CNN that fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms like headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . Health officials say any patients who received an injection at one of the facilities beginning July 1 and who began showing symptoms between one and three weeks after being injected should see their doctor right away . The earlier a patient gets treatment , the more likely he or she will survive . Patients are treated with anti-fungal medication , which is given intravenously , so patients have to be admitted to the hospital , the CDC said . Patients may need to be treated for months . The FDA is urging anyone who has experienced problems following an injection with the NECC product to report it to MedWatch , the FDA 's voluntary reporting program , by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Tennessee has most reported cases with 32 people , three of whom have died Fungal meningitis is extremely rare , usually not mild Pharmaceutical maker has recalled all of its products CDC has compiled list of facilities that received contaminated injections
CNN  Gunmen fired on police in a suburb of the southern French city of Marseille on Monday , the prosecutor 's office said . Shots were directed at a police car , and police returned fire , according to prosecutors . There were no immediate reports of casualties . A SWAT team was sent to the scene . The gunfire erupted in Castellane , a suburb in northern Marseille that 's known for its drug-related activity . France has been under a heightened state of alert since last month 's terror attacks in Paris that killed 17 people . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls is scheduled to be in Marseille later Monday .	The gunfire was reported in a suburb of Marseille in southern France Castellane is known for its drug-related activity
Washington  CNN  -- The White House rejected criticism Sunday that President Obama has not delivered on his promise of "  change " during his first year in office . White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the president has brought about "  enormous change . " "  I think what we 've seen is a dramatic difference in terms of how the United States is perceived around the world , " Jarrett told NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " on the final Sunday before the president 's State of the Union address . Obama 's travels have established relationships with world leaders that "  lay a foundation for keeping America safe and making us a partner around the world , " she added . Jarrett also credited the president with having "  pulled back the economy from the brink of disaster . " "  That 's an enormous amount of change when you consider where we were a year ago right on the brink , " she said . "  And he 's adding discipline in government to try to get control over our fiscal house . So I think that we 've seen enormous change . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , on the same program , countered that "  if you look at the first year of this administration , we have n't made much progress . " He complained about the deficit in the president 's budget and the health care reform package that Republicans oppose . But McConnell , R-Kentucky , was also on the defensive about the GOP , which critics have been calling "  the party of no . " Asked to characterize the performance of his own party this year , McConnell said , "  What we did is try to operate on principle . The president decided to go hard left . That 's why he does n't have many of my members -LSB- supporting his agenda -RSB- . If he chooses to govern in the middle , he will have broader support . " Jarrett insisted the president never wavered from his promised bipartisan approach . Discussing his health care initiative , Jarrett said Obama "  has sat down with the leadership and members of the Republican Party , both the House and the Senate . In fact , bills in both the House and the Senate contain provisions that were suggested by the Republican Party -- so nothing 's changed about the president 's approach . "	Valerie Jarrett : Obama has made "  dramatic difference " in U.S. image around the world White House senior adviser also credits Obama with pulling back economy from disaster Republican leader says Obama went "  hard left " and lost bipartisan support Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell criticizes deficit , health care reform
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- The most important NATO summit in its 61-year history -- according to NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen -- began Friday in Lisbon , Portugal . NATO was founded by the United States and 14 other nations after World War II . But it has grown to 28 members , and is now seeking to shed its Cold War identity by adopting a new "  strategic concept , " framing new threats the alliance faces and the means to combat them . But getting 28 nations on the same page about how to address a range of new evolving threats will not be easy . The document to be considered this weekend is the product of a set of recommendations from a group of experts led by former U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . The last strategic concept was drafted in 1999 . The new document reflects new realities for NATO and the world . The original NATO existed during the Cold War for the collective defense of 15 nations against Soviet aggression . U.S. Ambassador to NATO Ivo Daalder likes to call that NATO 1.0 . NATO 2.0 marked the period between the end of the Cold War and the present . This stretch saw NATO enter wars in Bosnia and Kosovo and embrace former Soviet republics in Eastern Europe that were looking West . At Lisbon , NATO hopes to move into what Daalder calls 3.0 status , meant for operating in a globalized world . NATO still has the core mandate to provide collective security for all its members , said Daalder , but now must address new threats to Europe 's security -- threats not as much from Russia , but from possible terrorist attacks , cyber attacks , attacks on energy infrastructure and piracy on the high seas . This new definition of what constitutes a threat calls into question the future of Article Five of the NATO charter , which considers an attack on one member an attack on all . For an alliance whose mantra is "  collective security , " the provision is the critical binding agent . Article Five was invoked for the first time after September 11 , 2001 , when all NATO members agreed the attack was a visible threat to the security of the entire alliance . But the definition of what constitutes a threat to all NATO allies is becoming less recognizable , say some experts . NATO 's makeover also expands its battlefield well beyond Europe . The mission in Afghanistan is the largest and most recent example . But NATO is also providing support to efforts to combat piracy in the Indian Ocean and there is serious talk that the alliance could send forces to the Middle East if the Israelis and Palestinians ever reach a peace deal . The expansion of NATO 's role into a global force , however , is somewhat at odds with the economic realities facing its members , more than half of which are cutting defense spending . NATO officials worry such a reluctance to invest in the alliance not only diminishes Europe 's ability to contribute , it also increases the likelihood of the United States going it alone . Kurt Volker , who served as NATO ambassador from 2008-2009 , said not all NATO members want to be the world 's policemen . "  In some ways , the United States and Europe are pulling in opposite directions , " Volker said . "  The United States sees problems and strategic issues outside the NATO area they want NATO to address and wants a more global NATO . But a lot of European countries still view NATO as about Europe and the European space . " At Lisbon , the United States wants NATO leaders to agree to plans for a missile defense shield to defend against ballistic missiles . The Bush administration plan to deploy a long-range anti-missile defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic angered Russia , which feared the goal was to undermine its nuclear deterrent . The Phased Adaptive Approach proposed by the Obama administration would deploy a continent-wide interceptor-missile system clearly aimed at defending against any missile threat posed by Iran . That 's more palatable to Russia , but NATO-member Turkey , which could be one of the sites for the radar systems , does n't want to upset its growing ties with Iran . Cooperation on missile defense is just one way NATO will seek to close the post-Cold War chapter of its history . When NATO leaders meet this weekend with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , they plan to endorse a new Russia/NATO partnership to work on issues such as terrorism , Afghanistan and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . Since the late '80s NATO has struggled with how to transform its sometimes schizophrenic relationship with Russia , its former enemy . At times , Russia has played nice . It was instrumental in helping end the Bosnian war and even sent forces under U.S. command . When the dust settled in Kosovo , Moscow sent troops as part of NATO 's KFOR mission . But Russian troops still occupy Georgian territory after clashes there in 2008 and Moscow still maintains a sphere of influence over other countries in its neighborhood . The Soviet Union may be no longer , but fear of the Russian bear still looms large in Eastern European members of NATO who want protection from a resurgent Russia . NATO officials acknowledge there are trust issues to overcome with Russia . Still , they hope the substantial common interests NATO shares with Russia make cooperation possible . In Lisbon , NATO and Russian officials hope to release a joint assessment of threats and lay out their priorities for cooperation . Still , Volker said , ambiguity in the relationship between Russia and NATO remains . "  We never did a good job in making clear there is no reason why Russia could n't be a member of NATO , " said Volker . "  If they really became a democracy and market economy , if they believe in freedom , rule of law and human rights , why the heck not ? " NATO 's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO , say some experts . The military campaign against the Taliban has regained momentum and the summit is expected to announce plans for a transfer of control to Afghan forces by the end of 2014 . But the ability of NATO to build the Afghan government has proven less successful . While NATO forces are increasingly successful against the Taliban , it remains very unclear whether Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's government will be able to sustain the "  holding and building " of the provinces once they are transferred . NATO 's presence in Afghanistan has lasted nine years . But while all NATO allies have contributed in Afghanistan , their commitments are sometimes limited or inconsistent . Even larger countries like Germany , Italy and Spain have caveats that their troops only serve in areas of limited combat . Many others have withdrawn entirely in the face of public opposition . If Afghanistan ends well , NATO allies in Europe may well consider future missions beyond its borders . If the mission fails , Europe could conclude the experiment was a mistake and stick closer to home and the United States could conclude that NATO is not a reliable partner . The Albright panel warned early in its recommendations that "  Threats to the alliance come from the outside , but the organization 's vigor could be as easily sapped from within . "	Most important NATO summit in its 61-year history , says secretary general NATO to address new threats to Europe 's security : terrorists , cyber attack , piracy NATO 's mission in Afghanistan is a litmus test for the future of NATO , say some experts
Mickey Rooney , whose roller-coaster , nine-decade career in show business included vaudeville , silent films , movies , television and Broadway , died Sunday . He was 93 . Rooney died in California , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said . Rooney 's career spanned almost the entire history of motion pictures . He made his first film , the silent "  Not to Be Trusted , " in 1926 and followed it up with several shorts based on the "  Mickey McGuire " comic strip . He was still making movies nine decades later , including "  Night at the Museum "  2006  and "  The Muppets "  2011  . At the time of his death , he had three more films in the works , according to the Internet Movie Database , including a version of "  Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde " with Margaret O'Brien . Rooney had just completed his last movie role in the next installment of "  Night at the Museum " with Ben Stiller . "  He led a full life but did not have enough time to finish all he had planned to do . He had the time of his life and the utmost respect for the cast and crew , " his son Mark Rooney said in a statement to CNN Monday . He separated from his wife , Jan Chamberlin , two years ago and moved in with his son and his wife , Charlene , according to the statement . "  With them he finally found happiness , health and a feeling of safety and was able to enjoy life again . " "  Mickey was finally enjoying life as a bachelor , and the morning of his death , they spoke of all their future plans , " the statement said . "  He loved the business he was in and had a great respect for his fellow actors . " For a period in the 1930s and 1940s , boosted by the popularity of the "  Andy Hardy " series of films , Rooney was the No. 1 star at the box office and perhaps the brightest star at MGM -- a whole studio of "  more stars than there are in heaven , " as the publicity said . Yet he became as famous for many marriages -- eight , all told -- and his regular tumbles off the Hollywood pedestal as he was for his incredible energy and longevity . Still , he never stopped getting up . "  I keep going because if you stop , you stop , " he told the UK 's Guardian newspaper in 2009 . "  Why retire ? Inspire . " Top box-office draw The diminutive 5-foot , 2-inch Rooney began his acting career shortly after his first birthday , appearing on vaudeville stages with his parents . He was born Joseph Yule Jr. on September 23 , 1920 , in Brooklyn , New York . His parents split when he was young , but spurred by his mother , he soon found himself in Hollywood . Before he was 10 , he was a star , appearing in dozens of shorts based on the popular "  Mickey McGuire " strip . He worked steadily through the 1930s , with notable turns in a 1935 version of "  A Midsummer Night 's Dream " and 1937 's "  Captains Courageous , " the latter opposite Spencer Tracy .  Rooney also appeared in Tracy 's 1938 vehicle "  Boys Town . " But he shot into Hollywood 's stratosphere in his next film series as Andy Hardy in more than a dozen films produced between 1937 and 1946 . Andy Hardy was a good-hearted ball of teenage mischief , always trying to make a few dollars or willing to "  put on a show , " no matter what it took : rounding up friends , using a barn , getting some spare parts from his wholesome middle-American neighborhood . Inevitably , he would be called to account with his father , Judge Hardy , played at first by Lionel Barrymore and later by Lewis Stone . Judge Hardy would reiterate the basics of fairness and morality , and Andy -- and the movie audience -- would have once again learned a valuable lesson . The films were hugely popular , even more so when Rooney 's character became the centerpiece starting with 1938 's "  Love Finds Andy Hardy . " It did n't hurt that Rooney was paired with Judy Garland for three of the films . Garland and Rooney also co-starred in several Busby Berkeley musicals , including 1940 's "  Strike up the Band " and "  Babes on Broadway " a year later . Many marriages , money troubles But Rooney 's private life was n't always as wonderful as his on-screen persona would indicate . He was married eight times , three times in the 1940s alone . His first marriage , to Ava Gardner , began in 1942 and ended in 1943 . In 1944 , he married an Alabama beauty queen , Betty Jane Phillips ; that one ended in 1948 . His third marriage , to Martha Vickers , lasted less than three years . Throughout , Rooney was known as a spendthrift and a challenging partner . He loved horseracing and routinely spent his earnings at the track , even when there were n't many earnings to speak of , as there was during a fallow period in the 1950s . As an adult of a certain size , Rooney found it much harder to find roles into which he could channel his prodigious talents . But he would n't stay unemployed for long . There was a TV series , "  The Mickey Rooney Show , " for a season in 1954-55 . More important , there was a supporting actor Oscar nomination for 1956 's "  The Bold and the Brave . " Rooney , however , was n't very discriminating about his roles . Other films during the late '50s and early '60s included forgettable flicks such as "  Operation Mad Ball "  1957  , "  The Private Lives of Adam and Eve "  1960  and "  Platinum High School "  1960  . He appeared in the classic "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's "  1961  but in the unfortunate , broadly acted role of Holly Golightly 's Japanese neighbor , Mr. Yunioshi . He was one of the cast of a thousand comedians in "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World "  1963  . Rooney also made TV guest appearances on such shows as "  The Investigators , " "  Naked City " and "  The Twilight Zone . " On the latter , he played a jockey . ` He is a showman ' After another 15 years of minor movie parts and TV roles , Rooney 's up-and-down career once again hit the heights . He earned an Oscar nomination for his performance as a horse trainer in 1979 's "  The Black Stallion " and dazzled Broadway in the song-and-dance revue "  Sugar Babies " -- a role , given his start , he was born to play . The show earned him a Tony nomination and ran for almost three years . Over the years , Rooney earned four Oscar nominations . In addition , he received a special Oscar in 1939 and an honorary one in 1983 . Rooney also triumphed on television in the 1981 TV movie "  Bill , " about a mentally disabled man trying to live on his own . That performance garnered him an Emmy . Video : Interview with Rooney in March He also found a lasting marriage when he wed Jan Chamberlin in 1978 . Chamberlin survives the actor . However , Rooney once again faced financial struggles as he entered his later decades . They came to national attention when he asked a Los Angeles court to appoint a conservator to protect him from his stepson and stepdaughter . Rooney blamed his financial troubles on a stepson whom he successfully sued . He also took his case to Congress , delivering emotional testimony to a House committee in March 2011 in which he said family members took control of his life , making him "  scared , disappointed , yes , and angry . " Rooney made his audience laugh and cry when he implored senators to stop what experts call chronic emotional , physical , sexual and financial abuse of elderly Americans by family members and other caregivers . Rooney called on Congress to make elder abuse a specific crime . "  I 'm asking you to stop this elderly abuse . I mean to stop it . Now . Not tomorrow , not next month but now , " he shouted from the witness table . Rooney : A spokesman against elder abuse Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Reva Goetz appointed attorney Michael Augustine as Rooney 's permanent conservator that month . Augustine immediately began seeking entertainment gigs for the aging performer , telling CNN that he had to revive his show business career quickly or would die "  in very short order . " Augustine summed up Rooney 's drive in a few sentences . "  Mr. Rooney 's parents put him on the vaudeville stage when he was 17 months old , " he said in 2011 . "  If Mr. Rooney were to not work , I think we would be attending Mr. Rooney 's funeral in very short order . "  It 's part of his fiber , " Augustine continued . "  He loves it . He is a showman . " His last months included reunions with old friends , the family statement said . "  Even someone of Mickey 's iconic statue was quite star struck and was extremely thrilled to attend Vanity Fair 's Oscar party recently , " the family said . "  Just last week Mickey was ecstatic when they surprised him by reuniting him with one of his great loves , the race track . There they spent time with Mel Brooks and Dick Van Patten . He had exceptional care and a new lease on life . " People we lost in 2014	Mickey Rooney just finished work on "  Night at the Museum 3 " Rooney was the No. 1 box office draw from 1939-41 Diminutive star had a famous screen partnership with Judy Garland He earned four Oscar nominations and received two statues
Downtown Kiev was aglow in fire early Wednesday , as demonstrators undeterred by a bloody day on the streets staked their claim to the heart of the Ukrainian capital and , they hope , the heart of the country itself . Such flames have been a constant for three months , acting as fiery barricades all around Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , for protesters . Yet the flames grew more ominous on Tuesday as at least 21 people died in fresh clashes between government forces and activists . What began with protests over President Viktor Yanukovych 's backpedaling from a trade pact with the European Union -- a move that the opposition maligned , accusing Yanukovych of trying to cozy up to Russia rather than the West -- has spawned into something much larger . In addition to new elections , the opposition is calling for constitutional reforms to transfer more power from the presidency to the parliament . Yanukovych and his allies have responded with some concessions , even offering places in government to opposition leaders . But on-again , off-again talks have gone nowhere , with the opposition refusing to budge politically and from its positions in the center of Kiev . None of that changed after a face-to-face meeting overnight between Yanukovych and opposition leader Vitali Klitschko . Speaking to reporters afterward , Klitschko said there effectively was "  no discussion . " According to his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party , the president demanded protesters "  stop the standoff " and put down their weapons -- an accusation that Klitschko claimed is unfounded . "  I think the authorities should immediately pull back the police and stop the blood , because people are dying , " Klitschko said . "  I told Yanukovich this . How can we negotiate when there is blood being spilled ? Unfortunately , he does not understand it . " What 's behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? Deadliest day of political unrest Tuesday 's violence followed what seemed like a rare breakthrough . Protesters pulled back Sunday from Kiev 's City Hall and unlocked streets in the city center after the government said it 'd drop charges against those arrested in the political unrest . Then everything fell apart Tuesday . The speaker of parliament 's refusal to allow amendments that would limit the president 's powers and restore the constitution to what it was in 2004 angered many in the opposition . The government 's prosecutor general , meanwhile , accused the opposition of breaking "  the truce " and , therefore , setting the stage for the crackdown . "  For the sake of pursuing their own political interests , they neglected all previously reached agreements and put lives and the peace of millions of Kiev residents under threat , " said Viktor Pshonka , Ukraine 's prosecutor general . Whoever was to blame , there was no dispute Tuesday was the deadliest day -- by far -- in the political unrest . Riot police used water cannons , stun grenades and other means to force their way through protesters , with video showing some of them toting shields and swinging sticks as they barreled through . Some demonstrators fought back , swinging what looked like baseball bats or using other means . Protesters also set fire to the headquarters of the ruling Party of Regions . Authorities accused them of firing guns at security forces . A CNN employee at the scene saw demonstrators carrying pellet guns , though not with live ammunition . One video showed an armored personnel carrier charging toward demonstrators barricades , only to be inundated by a flurry of what appeared to be Molotov cocktails . The vehicle then burst into flames . All the moving parts , different tactics and raw emotions contributed to a violent , chaotic melee in the center of Ukraine 's capital . Officials warned people to stay indoors and shuttered metro stations to help control the situation . The situation hardly calmed as night descended . Black smoke and bright flames from burning tires continued to rage around Independence Square , just a few blocks from parliament . Small explosions regularly erupted all night -- the product of protesters ' fireworks and , perhaps , the stun grenades that police have been using to clear the crowds . Demonstrators also worked through the night to build up their barricades , by forming human chains to pass bricks , rocks and wood up their front lines in anticipation of another police offensive . Ukrainian security forces did indeed move forward , despite a barrage of rocks , before halting their advance -- for now , at least . Kiev was the center of the action , just like it has been all winter , with nine police officers , 11 protesters and an employee from the ruling party 's headquarters among those killed , according to officials . But it was n't just the capital . Police confirmed the unrest has spread to western Ukraine , with protesters attacking police and local government offices in a number of regions . Blame game , calls for restraint Pshonka , Ukraine 's prosecutor general , blamed protesters for the violence that he said that -- in addition to those killed -- injured at least 100 others . The organizers of a rally Tuesday that descended into violence will be held accountable "  for every single person injured , every car burned and every window broken , " he said . "  Today , we were able to see that only the government is interested in peaceful resolution of the situation , " Pshonka said . "  Opposition leaders should take the responsibility for everything happening in the street of Kiev today . " Opposition leaders painted their supporters as the victims , not the aggressors . Klitschko , a former world class boxer turned politician , accused police of "  cruelly shooting at people in central Kiev . " And Arseniy Yatsenyuk -- an opposition leader from a party other than Klitschko 's -- made a public appeal to Yanukovych : "  Do not let Ukraine become a country covered with blood . Pull back the police and announce a cease-fire . Then we will negotiate . " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden himself pressed Yanukovych in a phone call , with the White House saying "  the government bears special responsibility to de-escalate the situation . " Secretary of State John Kerry later backed up the Vice President 's words . He called for the Ukrainian government to halt violence immediately , and reopen dialogue with the opposition . Kerry : United States , EU stand with Ukraine 's people On the flip side , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti 's story on the latest Kiev unrest noted Moscow 's persistent support for Yanukovych and its accusation -- made earlier this week from foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich -- that Washington is trying to tell "  the authorities of a sovereign state what they should do next and how they should do it . " Such international back-and-forth is especially significant in the Ukraine , given not only its geographic and political position betwixt Europe and Russia and the origins of the latest unrest . It began in November with Yanukovych 's decision to scuttle an European Union trade pact that the opposition hoped would bring the Ukraine closer to the West , and improve its economy in the process . The next month , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that Russia would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . As the months rolled on , the conflict expanded beyond the long-simmering discord over whether Ukraine should align more with the West or with Russia . The opposition has pressed to change how the Eastern European nation 's government operates , namely through constitutional and other reforms that would -- among other things -- shift powers away from its president and toward parliament . Stop the ultimatums , Russia tells Ukraine protesters	Video shows an armored personnel carrier hit by Molotov cocktails , bursting into flames An opposition leader says there was "  no discussion " in his meeting with the president A crisis that has been brewing for three months erupts in worst violence to date The 21 killed in Kiev include 9 police officers , 11 protesters and 1 political party official
Crawfordville , Florida  CNN  -- When Chris Beatty got word about the oil spill in the Gulf , like many Floridians , she wanted to help -- but she wanted to help in a very specific way . Beatty runs an organization called the Florida Wild Mammal Association  FWMA  in Crawfordville , Florida . The organization houses injured and sick wildlife and nurses them back to health so that they can be released back into the wild . Working very closely with animals , she realized that the region 's wildlife could be in serious danger because of the oil spill disaster . The FWMA takes in over a thousand animals a year -- possums , raccoons , deer and birds . Seeing images of oiled birds and wildlife splashed across the news channels , Beatty wanted to be ready in case they were called upon to take in these animals . After recognizing that people in her community were feeling the same way , Beatty and the FWMA organized a volunteer day and opened their doors to locals who wanted to help out . In just that one day they received roughly $ 19,000 in cash , supplies and free labor , including $ 5,400 in donations and $ 13,600 in labor and supplies . Beatty believes that her community wanted to help because the wildlife is so much a part of what the state is all about . "  The whole panhandle is a rural area , " Beatty said . "  And that 's what our livelihoods depend on . So without wildlife , we 'd be very damaged . "	Florida group gets cash , labor and supplies Group leader : Livelihoods depend on taking care of wildlife Shelter nurses injured and sick wildlife back to health so that they can be returned to the wild
CNN  -- Coffee shops in the Dutch city of Maastricht have banned foreign tourists , except those from Germany and Belgium , from entering their premises from Saturday , according to the local association of coffee shops . Coffee shops in the Netherlands are places where customers can legally buy and consume cannabis . "  We have put in place a ` neighbouring country ' criteria , " Marc Josemans , president of the Society of United Coffeeshops and owner of the Easy Going coffee shop , told CNN . "  This is a form of self-regulation . It is not a law , there will be no judge , this was just the only choice we had . " The move comes after Maastricht 's city council decided that something had to be done about the 2.2 million visitors that come to the city every year , according to Josemans . "  The visitors put a lot of pressure on the city when they come here and make it very busy on our narrow streets . So the city said that something had to be done about the traffic and nuisance , " he said . "  But the biggest nuisance is n't the number of coffee shops or the clients , but the illegal drug runners that can be quite aggressive and start fights and rob the tourists . " All visitors to Maastricht 's coffee shops -- some 6,000 a day , almost three-quarters of whom are foreign , according to Josemans -- already have to show their passports and their information is then kept for 48 hours . Now only those with a Dutch , German or Belgian passport will be allowed in . "  A number of people will leave disappointed , and we are not very proud of refusing entry to visitors who have come to our shops for the last 28 years and never caused a problem , " said Josemans , who has himself used cannabis for 35 years . "  The question now will be if they instead buy from the illegal drug runners here or if they buy illegally in their own countries . " Nobody from Maastricht city council was available for comment Saturday . A spokeswoman for Maastricht police told CNN that the police were not a party to the ban and that it is not illegal for foreign tourists to enter the city 's coffee shops . The spokeswoman , who is not named in line with department policy , said police would not carry out any identity checks to enforce the ban . "  We will just go about our normal business and carry out our duties where needed , " she said . At spokeswoman at the tourist office for Maastricht , which lies near the Belgian border , said it was not aware of the new rules . The Society of United Coffeeshops decided on the ban in July but it only came into effect October 1 . The organization is also working on a plan to move seven of the city 's 14 coffee shops to the outskirts , where foreign tourists can then go and buy hash and marijuana , Josemans said . "  But the first relocation wo n't happen until June 2013 , so we had to put this ban in place now , and we could then change it again once we 've completed the relocation . "  At these new sites , the parking  areas  will have direct access to the coffee shops , so the drug runners ca n't approach the clients as they walk to the coffee shop . " Josemans also says the Dutch government wants the coffee shops to operate on a smaller scale and is planning to impose a nationwide ban on anyone who does n't hold a Dutch passport buying cannabis . "  They want to put this ` weed pass ' in place from January 1 next year , but we are strongly against this . " A press release on the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice website from May this year says coffee shops will become private clubs where only adult Dutch citizens can become members . "  The Cabinet expects that closure of coffee shops to foreign drugs tourists will ensure that they no longer travel to the Netherlands to purchase and consume cannabis . After all , many of them can use the illegal markets available in their immediate surroundings , " the press release says . The statement does not give a date for the implementation of the new measures . CNN 's calls to the Dutch justice ministry were not immediately returned . But Josemans says cannabis supply is not only a Dutch problem . "  This is also the responsibility of the other European governments ; nobody is taking responsibility for those millions of customers who want to buy cannabis for their own use , " he said . "  It is time to get their heads out of the sand to get a decent drugs policy in place to address this problem . "	Maastricht city authorities say they need to cut visitor numbers Many visitors cross the border to use cannabis in the city 's coffee shops Now only Belgian and German tourists will be allowed in to such shops
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Barney Frank , a prominent 16-term liberal Democrat from Massachusetts and arch-enemy of political conservatives nationwide , announced Monday that he does not intend to seek re-election in 2012 . Frank , 71 , said his decision to retire from Congress was prompted partly by changes made to the boundaries of his U.S. House district . As part of Massachusetts ' recently concluded redistricting process , Frank 's 4th Congressional District will lose the heavily Democratic blue-collar port city of New Bedford while gaining several smaller , more conservative towns . "  I will miss this job ,  but  the district is very substantially changed , " with roughly 325,000 new constituents , Frank told reporters . The veteran congressman said he was planning to retire after 2014 regardless , but said he did n't "  want to be torn " next year between the need to serve his existing constituents , reach out to new district residents and protect his signature Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform law . President Barack Obama issued a statement praising Frank 's public service , calling the congressman a "  fierce advocate for the people of Massachusetts and Americans everywhere who needed a voice . " While Massachusetts ' entire House delegation is Democratic , local Republicans insist Frank 's retirement will put the reconfigured district in play . "  It is clear that Congressman Frank was not looking forward to another hard fought campaign after losing his gerrymandered district and spending nearly every penny he had in 2010 , " Massachusetts Republican Party Executive Director Nate Little said in a written statement . "  Republicans were already gearing up for a strong race and Frank 's sudden retirement injects added optimism and excitement into the election . " Frank , first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1980 , is the top Democrat on the powerful House Financial Services Committee . The controversial 2010 Dodd-Frank measure , designed to rein in Wall Street excesses after the 2008 financial collapse , passed the House without any GOP support . Frank made headlines earlier in his career by becoming one of the first openly gay members of Congress . He was formally reprimanded by the House in 1990 for allegations relating to his association with a male prostitute . Launching his career as an aide to Boston Mayor Kevin White in the late 1960s , Frank quickly became known for an acidic political wit . "  One of the advantages to me of not running for office is I do n't even have to pretend to try to be nice to people I do n't like , " Frank joked with reporters Monday . "  Some of you may not think I 've been good at it , but I 've been trying . " Frank 's current district -- which extends from the affluent , liberal Boston suburbs of Newton and Brookline to the cities of New Bedford and Fall River -- is considered safe Democratic political terrain . Frank did , however , receive an unusually strong challenge from Republican Sean Bielat in 2010 . Frank ultimately defeated Bielat , 54 % to 43 % .	Frank says his new district boundaries contributed to his decision to retire Frank , a Democrat , was first elected to the House from Massachusetts in 1980 A prominent liberal , he co-authored the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill Frank , an openly gay member of Congress , was reprimanded by the House in 1990
CNN  When Selena was breaking concert attendance records at home and abroad , there were n't a lot of crossover pop stars who looked like her in the United States . There was Rita Moreno and Gloria Estefan and ... well , that 's about it . The March 31 , 1995 , death of the Mexican-American singer plunged many Latino listeners into mourning and brought her music to the attention of English speakers who would soon become fans . Selena Quintanilla-Perez started singing the Tejano music that eventually made her famous in her father 's restaurant in Lake Jackson , Texas . Her father Abraham taught the family band and named them Los Dinos after his own group from earlier years . Selena 's brother , A.B. , played bass , and her sister , Suzette , played drums . When the family moved to Corpus Christi , the group started getting gigs at local parties and weddings . Selena was only 15 when she won female entertainer of the year at the Tejano Music Awards . That got her a record contract , and several albums followed . She eventually married her guitarist , Chris Perez . In 1994 , she won a Grammy for best Mexican-American album for "  Selena Live ! " and seemed poised for mainstream stardom . When the president of Selena 's fan club shot her to death the following year in a Texas motel room , her first English-language album was months from release . Her death made international headlines . She was 23 years old . Twenty years later , her influence is still being felt . Her official Facebook page still has more than 2 million likes , and fans are remembering the singer who crossed barriers and made them sing and dance to her blend of Tejano music . Fans will celebrate her life and legacy at the commemorative Fiesta de la Flor in Corpus Christi in mid-April . Here are five things you may not know about Selena . Selena had to learn Spanish . A third-generation Texan of Mexican descent , Selena did n't grow up speaking Spanish . Neither did her husband , Perez , who played guitar in her band and fell in love with her on the road . In his book , "  To Selena , with Love , " Perez said they practiced speaking Spanish before their first big publicity blitz in Mexico . "  In Mexico , Selena mangled her conversations in Spanish like the rest of us , but not for long . " "  She said , ` It 'll be cool . You watch . I 'm going to learn Spanish and surprise everybody , ' " Perez wrote . "  She got better and better , to the point where I 'd have to ask her to slow down so that I could understand what she was saying . " She sold out the Astrodome . Selena performed several times at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo at the Astrodome to sold-out crowds of more than 60,000 people .  It was n't just any rodeo : Elvis Presley , Michael Jackson and the Osmonds have all played the event . "  We had 20 performances this year , " Leroy Shafer , assistant general manager of the show , told the New York Times in 1995 . "  We had Reba McEntire , George Strait , Clint Black and Vince Gill . She had the highest-selling show concert at our show this year , at 61,041 in the Astrodome . " Her album went to No. 1 . Her 1995 crossover album , "  Dreaming of You , " went to the top of the Billboard 200 the first week it was released . She was the first Latin artist to debut atop the list . "  There were supposed to be 14 tracks , but we had only recorded four of them , so we put together a tribute album of new and old songs , " Nancy Brennan , then vice president of A&R at EMI , told Texas Monthly . "  Making that album was the most difficult thing I have ever had to do , because we were listening to her voice all day and crying as we were mixing the songs . " "  Selena "  the movie  ignited Jennifer Lopez 's career . Starring as Selena in the 1997 movie of the same name , Jennifer Lopez became the first Latina actress to be paid $ 1 million for a movie role . Lopez was nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance . "  Getting to play the part of Selena was life-changing for me , " Lopez told Para Todos magazine . "  I got to immerse myself in her life , got to know her family , her home , her culture ... every part of her story . It was a special time in my life both professionally and personally . Playing her not only opened doors for me in the film world , but it inspired me to start my own music career . In a lot of ways , I would n't be where I am today if I had n't had that experience . " Selena 's killer is eligible for parole in 2025 . Yolanda Saldivar , the president of Selena 's fan club , was sentenced to life in prison in October 1995 for Selena 's murder . Saldivar must serve at least 30 years of her sentence before she is eligible for parole . Selena was meeting with Saldivar at a Corpus Christi motel to discuss her concerns that Saldivar had embezzled money from her when Saldivar shot her , according to trial testimony . Saldivar argued that she accidentally fired the shot , but the jury did n't buy it . CNN 's Victoria Moll-Ramirez contributed to this story .	Selena 's music attracted Latino fans in the U.S. and Spanish-speaking fans abroad She had to learn Spanish to conduct interviews in Spanish-speaking countries Her English-language album went to No. 1 on Billboard 's Top 200 chart after she died
CNN  -- I do n't like feeling stuck in a particular operating system , social network or piece of software . It 's not that I wo n't commit to a product or company -- it 's that I do n't trust any of them enough to get married to one of them . Once they own me , they 'll start either selling my data to other companies , limiting my Web experiences to the ones that help sell their clients ' products or otherwise screwing with me as a consumer and person . And while I have little faith that consumer protection or privacy advocates can protect my interests against the corporate behemoths , I am beginning to take heart in the way the battles between corporations over their rights to compete have the perhaps unintended side effect of keeping me from having to commit to any one of them . Today , it 's Google in the cross hairs . Egged on in part by those left lying in the wake of Google 's rise to Web search dominance , the European Commission and U.S. Federal Trade Commission are challenging the company 's monopoly and how they are leveraging it . If the story feels familiar , that 's because it is . Fourteen years ago , it was Microsoft getting slapped for anticompetitive behavior . The company 's dominance in the operating system market appeared so great , so irreversible , that it was deemed a monopoly . For Bill Gates to bundle the Explorer browser along with his operating system -- and to do so in such a way that leveraged this advantage and quashed competition -- was judged illegal and prohibited . Now it 's Google 's turn for scrutiny . This time , alarm bells first went off when people began to realize that all that photography Google had been doing for its Street View maps services was n't just photography . As long as Google was driving through neighborhoods taking video of every store and house , it might as well do some WiFi monitoring and see who was online . The Germans , in particular , got irked by this move , but then so did everyone else . This opened the door to bigger charges though -- most significantly that Google 's search algorithms are rigged to promote Google 's own services while putting those of competitors lower in the list of results . If Google indeed has a monopoly on search -- about 70 % of the U.S. market and almost 95 % of Europe 's -- then it does have a duty to watch out for the players in other markets where Google is competing . That 's why , at least as far as pure search terms and equivalent but ranked results , Google 's critics may have a point . If a Google company or partner gets higher on the list simply because it 's good for Google , then there 's a bit of explaining to do . But what about when search results contain more than simple lists , but come to include little built-in utilities ? For instance , if you 're doing a search for "  plane tickets from NY to LA , " your list of results will begin with a handy Google flight finding application , built right into the page , complete with space for your desired dates of travel and a submit button . Below that , you get regular old links to Expedia and Kayak and all the other online travel agencies . These are not equivalent results . The Google flight utility is n't just a text link but an interactive tool that imitates the very functionality of Expedia or Kayak .  Once you pick your flights , it sends you to the relevant airline site with all your data already filled in . In one sense , Google has made its users ' lives easier by pulling travel functionality right into its search engine . In another sense , though , Google has replicated the functionality of the online travel agencies and then used its search monopoly to give itself an advantage . For , at least in theory , all the other online ticketing services could be building their own mini-apps to sit right alongside Google 's . But they 're not really being invited to do so , and if they did , would they be surrendering even more to Google ? If an antitrust suit pushed Google to give other companies the same abilities that Google has , we could end up on a path to more functionality for everyone . If it simply forces Google to yank all kinds of utility from the search engine -- or to crowd a formerly streamlined lists of links with a convoluted mix of links , windows , apps and utilities , then the search itself may become a thing of the past . Like a gopher menu .  A what ? Exactly . Technological evolution occurs in fits and starts , and sometimes cutting back growth really just helps the rest of the tree grow fuller and healthier . When Apple can patent the very gestures we use to access data or move windows on a cell phone , or Facebook can become the default phonebook for the world , it puts their individual dominions as companies directly at odds with our ability to control what is shared about us , what Internet we get to see and our awareness of either one . This attack on Google from above ends up protecting some of our interests here down below . In the logic of corporate capitalism , the best safeguard against getting trapped in single-provider solutions from Facebook to the iPhone is when someone can prove it 's bad for business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : European Commission , FTC challenging Google over monopoly He says it 's familiar because same thing happened to Microsoft 14 years ago He says charges are Google using search control to push its services over competitors Rushkoff : Attack on Google from above may end up protecting our interests here , down below
London  CNN  -- Pakistani girls ' education campaigner Malala Yousafzai , who has found international fame since being shot by Taliban militants last year , met with another icon Friday : Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II . The Queen and her husband , Prince Philip , invited the young activist to a reception at Buckingham Palace , where they met and chatted for a short time . Malala , who was accompanied by her father , Ziauddin Yousafzai , presented the Queen with a copy of her newly published memoir , titled "  I am Malala . " "  It 's nice to meet you and it 's a great honor coming here , and I wanted to present you my book , " Malala said . Queen Elizabeth responded , "  That 's very kind of you . Thank you very much indeed . " Malala said she hoped the two could work together to make sure all children receive an education , not just in Pakistan , but in the United Kingdom , too . "  I hope that we will all work together for the education of every child , and especially in this country as well , because I have heard about many children that can not go to school , " she said . "  So I hope that we will continue our work on youth empowerment . " In his inimitable fashion , the Queen 's husband , Prince Philip , made a joke about children and education when meeting Malala at the palace . "  It 's one thing about children going to school , " he said , "  they go to school because their parents do n't want them in the house . " In an interview with CNN last week , Malala joked that she was going "  because it 's the order of the Queen , it 's the command . " Malala has been based in Britain since she was rushed there for major surgery after the Taliban shot her in the head in her native Pakistan because of her efforts to promote girls ' education . Malala : Accolades , applause and a grim milestone It 's been a busy few days for the 16-year-old . Last Friday , as the world marked the International Day of the Girl , she met U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama at the White House . Pakistan 's educational challenges Undaunted by the occasion , she challenged the President over U.S. drone strikes in her homeland , saying that they risk "  fueling terrorism " and that U.S. efforts would be better focused on promoting education , according to a statement she released . The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary part of the fight against militant groups , including the Taliban . A day earlier , Malala won the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought , awarded by the European Parliament . Parliament President Martin Schulz called her a "  brave advocate for education " who "  reminds us of our duty toward children and especially girls . " Malala 's memoir , which recounts her experiences after she was shot and her determination not to be intimidated by extremists , was released October 8 . There had been speculation that she might also be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize last Friday , but it went instead to the world 's chemical weapons watchdog . Why Malala 's bravery inspires us Malala 's activism started after the Taliban banned girls from schools in Pakistan 's Swat Valley in 2009 . She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls ' education . In 2011 , Malala told CNN , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . " A year later , at age 15 , she was riding the bus home from school when a Taliban gunman climbed aboard and shot her in the head . She nearly died . Since then , Malala has recovered and continued advocating for girls ' education , despite ongoing death threats from the Taliban . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Malala Yousafzai chats with Queen Elizabeth II at a Buckingham Palace reception The teenage education campaigner released her memoir last week and won an award Malala met President Barack Obama a week ago at the White House She was awarded the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought by the European Parliament
CNN  -- A humanitarian watchdog group on Wednesday raised concerns over the U.S. military 's handling of juvenile detainees in Iraq , saying "  some children have been detained for more than a year without charge or trial . " U.S. soldiers count juvenile detainees after a restroom break at Camp Cropper in Iraq in September 2007 . Human Rights Watch alleges that children in U.S. custody in Iraq are being "  held without due process . " The New York-based group called on the military to release children detained for more than a year and to provide child detainees timely judicial reviews and "  prompt access to independent legal assistance and family visits . " "  In conflicts where it was not directly involved , the U.S. has been a leader in helping child soldiers re-enter society , " Clarisa Bencomo , a children 's rights researcher on the Middle East at Human Rights Watch , is quoted in the report . "  That kind of leadership is unfortunately missing in Iraq . " Bencomo said , "  The vast majority of children detained in Iraq languish for months in U.S. military custody . The U.S. should provide these children with immediate access to lawyers and an independent judicial review of their detention . " A Multi-National Force-Iraq spokesman for detainee operations defended the practices of the U.S.-led coalition and denied aspects of the report . In several instances , Maj. Matthew Morgan said that Human Rights Watch is calling upon coalition forces "  to do something that is already a matter of practice in Iraq . " However , he concurred with the report 's statement that the "  arrest and detention of a child must be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time . " "  We could not agree more , " Morgan said . "  Detention is a last resort , and it is carried out judiciously . " Insurgents reportedly have used some children to conduct attacks in Iraq . The Human Rights Watch paper said American military authorities were detaining 513 Iraqi children as "  imperative threats to security " as of May 12 , and has detained around 2,400 children in Iraq since 2003 -- some as young as 10 . Morgan estimated the youngest detainees now are eight children who all are believed to be around age 13 . "  Although specific age determinations are impossible , the remainder of the juvenile population ranges from 14 through 17 , " he added . Morgan also said the number of juvenile detainees is fewer than 500 at the moment , down from nearly 1,000 in summer 2007 . Most child detainees are held at the Camp Cropper detention facility in Baghdad , where a 17-year-old boy was strangled to death by another child detainee , the report said . Others are detained at Camp Bucca near the southern city of Basra , Human Rights Watch said . As of February , the paper said , "  The reported average length of detention for children was more than 130 days , and some children have been detained for more than a year without charge or trial , in violation of the Coalition Provisional Authority memorandum on criminal procedures . " Human Rights Watch noted the memo on the security detainee process says "  any person under the age of 18 interned at any time shall in all cases be released not later than 12 months after the initial date of internment . " Morgan characterized the call for the release of children who have been detained for more than a year a "  hollow demand based on an inaccurate claim . " "  There are no juveniles in coalition force custody who have been detained for more than a year , " he said . "  All juveniles are required to be released within one year ; the majority are released in fewer than six months . " The report also listed other "  due process " concerns :  The military might interrogate child detainees for days or weeks before transferring them to main detention facilities , and "  they have no real opportunity to challenge their detention . "  Military advocates assigned by the U.S. to each child at a mandatory six-month detention review have "  no training in juvenile justice or child development . "  American officials allegedly said that "  children are not provided with lawyers and do not attend the one-week or one-month detention reviews after their transfer to Camp Cropper . "  The children have "  limited contact " with their families . Morgan said that juvenile detainees do have access to family visitation , including those held in Baghdad , "  in part to make them more accessible to families and service providers . " He also said those charged under Iraqi law do have access to legal counsel , but "  those who are not referred to the Iraqi criminal courts do not have legal counsel because they are not charged with a crime . " All detainees ' cases are reviewed by independent attorneys within seven days of internment , Morgan said . "  Those referred to the Central Criminal Court of Iraq are reviewed in accordance with Iraqi law . Those not referred to CCCI are reviewed in accordance with international humanitarian law , " he added . Human Rights Watch also criticized the U.S. military for sending 200 to 300 of the 513 child detainees to Dar al-Hikmah , or House of Wisdom . The juvenile detainee education facility was opened at Camp Cropper in August 2007 with the "  stated intention to provide 600 detainees , ranging in age from 11 to 17 , with educational services pending release or transfer to Iraqi custody . " Morgan said juveniles "  are given access to some of the highest quality schooling available in Iraq " at Dar al-Hikmah . The report said an "  unknown number " of youths have been transferred to Iraqi custody , and it made reference to a U.N. Assistance Mission in Iraq report that said children under Iraqi custody "  are at risk of physical abuse . " "  Like adults , children transferred to Iraqi custody are at risk of abuse and poor conditions of confinement . A U.S. military official in Baghdad told Human Rights Watch this month that the U.S. was delaying the transfer of 130 child detainees to Iraq 's al-Tobchi juvenile detention facility because of conditions there , " the report said . Morgan said the coalition has refrained from "  transferring physical custody of children to Iraqi authorities pending trial when there is reason to believe they will be at risk of abuse " and that the military does separate juveniles from the greater population . "  Those with special needs such as the mentally infirm are provided medical care and placed in separate housing where appropriate for their individual case , " he said . Other developments  The chief security officer for the Iraqi Transportation Ministry was gunned down Wednesday on a highway in eastern Baghdad , an official with the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . Col. Abdul Karim Muhsan was killed when at least four gunmen in two cars intercepted his vehicle and shot him , the official said .  Four people were killed and 12 were wounded in two car bomb attacks Wednesday in the capital , an Interior Ministry official said . The bombings occurred within an hour of each other in different parts of western Baghdad , the official said . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Children in U.S. custody denied rights , Human Rights Watch report says Young detainees do n't have access to legal help , families , group says Military spokesman says all detainees treated in accordance with law Group , military disagree on number , status of detainees
London , England  CNN  -- Can we all get a better deal by making purchases together ? That 's the idea behind a new breed of "  group buying " Web sites -- at least one of which may be valued at more than $ 1 billion . It 's hardly a stretch to predict that group buying will become one of the biggest Web trends of 2010 , and the market leader will be one of the most closely-watched sites of the year . Groupon , which traces its origins back to 2008 , has a simple premise : If enough people agree to buy something , they all get a big discount . Today 's deal for those in New York : Save 50 percent on a $ 20 purchase of cupcakes from "  ChikaLicious Dessert Club . " If 450 people agree to the deal , everyone saves money . If that critical number is not reached , however , the deal is a dud . The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers , and the number of cities in the network is growing fast . It 's a good idea for sure , but it might also be an incredibly valuable one . Web rumors this week suggest Groupon may be in the process of raising a new round of venture capital at a $ 1.2 billion valuation . The money follows a $ 30 million round that valued Groupon at $ 250 million . In layman 's terms : Investors think Groupon is set to be the Web 's next breakout hit . Groupon 's competitors are seeing big investment , too . Rival site LivingSocial recently raised $ 25 million . BuyWithMe has raised $ 5.5 million . How many group buying sites are there now ? Possibly dozens : SocialBuy , Groop Swoop and Scoop St. , to name a few . The dynamics of group buying mean that Groupon has a significant early advantage , however : The more users a site can gain , the more leverage it has to score big discounts from businesses . It 's a hot market we should have seen coming . The top Web trends at the start of the year included the "  real-time Web " and "  location . " With almost constant web connectivity provided by smartphones and free Wi-Fi at coffee shops , airports and bookstores -- not to mention the immediacy of Twitter and Facebook -- we 've come to expect instant gratification online . Group buying meets that need . Groupon is local , too , targeting deals to metropolitan areas . There 's a further trend Groupon capitalizes upon : Social networking brings us together to share opinions and experiences ... why not deals too ? Is Groupon worth a billion dollars ? Could the group buying market be worth multiple billions ? Investors seem prepared to make that bet .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A new breed of "  group buying " Web sites offers discounts by gathering mass purchases The market leader , Groupon , traces its origins back to 2008 The site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers The more users a site gains , the more leverage it has to score discounts
CNN  -- World leaders are often measured by what they do in their first 100 days in office . But what about business leaders ? As of Friday , it has been 100 days since Apple co-founder and longtime CEO Steve Jobs passed the company torch to Tim Cook . Since that first day , August 24 , Wall Street and legions of Apple fans have had their gazes fixed on Cook . As the man heading arguably the most influential and valuable technology company in the world , Cook wields a great deal of power . After Cook took over , Jobs held the role of executive chairman but lost his long battle with cancer some six weeks later , on October 5 . The day before Jobs died , Cook led a news conference to announce the iPhone 4S . "  I consider it the privilege of a lifetime to have worked here for 14 years , " Cook said at that event . "  I am so incredibly proud of this company . " Analysts described the presentation as crisp but lacking the excitement of a Jobs production . "  It 's not going to be the Steve Jobs show that generates headlines worldwide , " John Jackson , an analyst at Boston-based market research firm CCS Insight who attended the keynote , said in a recent interview . "  These events are n't going to be the same as they ever were . " Even without Jobs ' dramatic stage presence , the iPhone 4S became the fastest-selling phone over its launch weekend , selling 4 million units worldwide . Financial analysts worried that the aging glass-and-steel design would stunt sales , but the faster processor , better camera and Siri voice assistant -- plus the addition of a third major carrier , Sprint Nextel -- helped the smartphone maintain momentum . Siri , which Apple describes as beta software , has experienced occasional outages since its October launch , but iCloud has fared much better than Apple 's previous endeavors into Internet services . About 20 million people activated their free iCloud accounts in its first week , Apple said . ITunes Match , a $ 25-a-year music synchronization service , was delayed by a few weeks but has received positive reviews . Like Jobs had done , Cook began e-mailing with some customers . He also personally addressed an inquiry by e-mail from Nancy Keenan , the president of a pro-choice foundation who was writing in response to a controversy over Siri directing abortion questions to pro-life clinics . "  These are not intentional omissions meant to offend anyone , " Cook wrote . So after a few robust launches , and a few bumps in the road , where do Cook and Apple go from here ? Jobs recruited Cook from Compaq Computer in 1998 to run Apple 's operations . People who have worked with Cook at Apple describe him as quiet and confident , the peacekeeper at the conference room table . He 'd entrust a roomful of Apple employees with company secrets and expect trust in return , according to Michael Grothaus , a former consultant for the company . Jobs was hands-on in product development and had a knack for identifying which markets were ripe for invasion . Walter Isaacson 's new "  Steve Jobs " biography reveals that digital textbooks and Internet-enabled TV sets were among Jobs ' next areas of focus for Apple . In the book , Jobs said Cook is "  not a product person . " Analysts say Jobs provided guidance on products that would n't see store shelves for at least another year . But by August 2013 , Jobs ' magic touch is likely to have worn off and the products will be those of a Cook regime , said Gartner analyst Michael King . Cook has n't been given reasons to run away from the challenge . He will be able to lean on a "  strong bench " of executives that Jobs recruited and that Cook has long worked with , said Jackson , the analyst . "  It 's going to be business as usual for Apple in Steve 's absence , " he said . Shortly after taking over , Cook broadened the role of Eddy Cue , a longtime executive working with Jobs . Cue is now the senior vice president of cloud services , which includes overseeing iCloud and iAds , the fledgling mobile advertising unit . To give Cook a strong financial incentive to stay , Apple 's board of directors granted him a million shares of restricted stock . The first half will be made available to him five years from when Cook officially became CEO , and the rest will vest five years after that , as long as he stays . Cook had promised in a recent e-mail to his staff that Apple would n't change under his leadership , but he introduced at least one corporate program that would have been out of character for Jobs . In September , Apple began matching employees ' charitable contributions up to $ 10,000 . Jobs was not much of a philanthropist . "  Steve made our world a better place , " Cook said at the Apple memorial for Jobs . "  He left his fingerprints all over society , all over the world . He also leaves behind a company that only he could have built and a spirit that will be the foundation for this company forever . " Cook has instilled confidence in investors during his brief stints as CEO . In the last 100 days , Apple stock has gone up 4.3 % . Now , he will need to continue to build on Jobs ' steady foundation .	Friday is Tim Cook 's 100th day as official Apple CEO Cook took over for Steve Jobs on August 24 , 2011 Analysts say Cook has passed his first tests as Apple 's leader
CNN  -- John P. Wheeler III , a former Pentagon official and the first chairman of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund , "  died as a result of blunt force trauma after being assaulted , " the Delaware medical examiner 's office said Friday . A toxicology analysis also was done during the autopsy , but the results were not released . Police are still trying to determine who committed the crime . "  We do n't know , ultimately , who was responsible for his death , " said Lt. Mark Farrall spokesman for the Newark , Delaware , Police Department . Wheeler 's body was discovered New Year 's Eve at Wilmington 's Cherry Island landfill as a sanitation truck was unloading garbage it had picked up from metal trash bins in Newark . Police say Wheeler was last seen in Wilmington at 8:42 p.m. on December 30 , captured by a surveillance camera . He appeared confused on video surveillance tape that showed him near the Nemours Building in Wilmington . "  We do n't know how he got to Newark , " said Farrall . "  We 're still canvassing the area , conducting interviews , checking video surveillance . " A Wilmington parking lot attendant , Iman Goldsborough , noted Wheeler 's strange appearance on December 29 when he stumbled into her garage . "  It striked me as being odd because he had one shoe in his hand and no coat on , " said Goldsborough . Wheeler , 66 , oversaw fundraising to construct the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . He worked in the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush . From 2005 to 2008 , he was a special assistant to the secretary of the Air Force . At the time of his death , Wheeler was working as a part-time consultant for the MITRE Corp. , a not-for-profit organization that provides systems engineering , research and development and information technology support to the federal government .	Former Pentagon official died of blunt force trauma , according to autopsy John Wheeler 's body was found in a Delaware landfill on New Year 's Eve Surveillance video showed him appearing to be confused
CNN  -- Longtime ABC News personality Barbara Walters was being treated for a cut on her forehead Sunday after a fall in Washington , the network said . Walters , 83 , suffered the cut after falling on a stair Saturday evening while visiting the British ambassador 's residence , ABC News Senior Vice President Jeffrey Schneider said in a statement . "  Out of an abundance of caution , she went to the hospital to have her cut tended to , have a full examination and remains there for observation , " Schneider said . "  Barbara is alert  and telling everyone what to do  , which we all take as a very positive sign . " Walters spent two decades as co-host and correspondent for ABC 's news magazine show "  20/20 . " She still reports on occasion . Since 1997 , she has been co-host of ABC 's daytime talk show "  The View . "	ABC 's Barbara Walters fell on a stair Saturday night at the British ambassador 's residence She went to the hospital as a precaution and remains there for observation , the network says
Beijing  CNN  -- Come November 24 , the eyes of boxing fans will be trained on the Cotai Arena in The Venetian Macao in Macau , the venue for what organizers say will be the biggest professional boxing match ever held in China . American Top Rank CEO Bob Arum is promoting the "  Clash in Cotai " with boxing superstar Manny Pacquiao fighting Mexican-American Brandon Rios the main card . It will be Pacquiao 's first fight in China . "  It 's going to be a good fight . It 's going to be a one of a kind fight , " Pacquiao said during a promotion tour in Beijing last week . "  This is a good chance to promote boxing in China . Do n't miss it . " One added attraction for Chinese fans will be the undercard fight featuring Zou Shiming , the 22-year-old boxer from southwestern Guizhou province . With 2008 and 2012 Olympic gold medals under his belt , the up-and-comer has served as the emblem for the re-emergence of boxing in China in the past decade . Zou made his professional boxing debut at the Venetian Macao this April , winning the "  Fists of Gold " match in Macau 's Cotai Arena . On July 27 , he won another bout against Mexico 's Jesus Ortegas in the same venue . Cotai Arena , which seats 15,000 , is part of the 40-story , $ 2.4 billion luxury resort , The Venetian Macao , the largest single structure hotel building in Asia and the largest casino in the world . Macau , a tiny Chinese enclave near Hong Kong , has already eclipsed the Las Vegas Strip as the world 's most lucrative gambling market . Last year , the former Portuguese colony , which like Hong Kong is now a quasi-autonomous region of China , made $ 36 billion in gambling revenue , six times its Las Vegas counterpart . This autumn , the ambitious Venetian Macao hopes to lure elite high-rollers along with boxing aficionados , including those in China . It started with street brawls Boxing in China began in the 1920s in port cities like Shanghai and Guangzhou as a street sport among foreign sailors who sparred against local fighters . The sport spread largely unsupervised by the Chinese government , even after the Communists took over the mainland in 1949 . In 1953 , a boxer died after a bout in a big competition in the port city of Tianjin . Six years later , Communist Party Chairman Mao Zedong banned the sport for its violent and capitalist characteristics . It took another strongman to rehabilitate boxing in the People 's Republic . In December 1979 , then paramount leader Deng Xiaoping met boxing legend Muhammad Ali in his residence , sending the message that winning medals in boxing is glorious . In 1986 , the ban was lifted and teams of Chinese athletes started to train for amateur boxing competitions , including the recent Olympic Games . Cashing in on the ring Arum , long famed for promoting the likes of Muhammad Ali , has set his sights on the vast potential of Chinese markets by bringing two cards . One is a world-class brawl between Pacquiao and Rios . Arum says Pacquiao , who boasts of 10 world titles in eight different divisions , will appeal to the crowd with his athletic prowess and legendary storyline . In between fights in the past three years , Pacquiao has served as a legislator in the Philippines , spearheading campaigns against sex trafficking while donating part of his boxing earnings to aid local hospitals and schools . "  Manny Pacquiao represents the best that boxing has to offer -- hope as an athlete and as a human being , " Arum gushed in a recent press conference in Beijing . "  He has done more humanitarian work than any athlete in the world and certainly more than most people in the Philippines . " THE FIGHTERS : Pacquiao rises for toughest fight Pacquiao attributed this philanthropic drive to his impoverished childhood . "  I entered politics because I want to serve the people . I want to help them , " Pacquiao told the press in Beijing . "  My dream is not only to become a champion but to help people . A champion to public service . " The contenders Pacquiao 's younger and taller opponent , Brandon "  Bam Bam " Rios , is better known for his dynamism and bravura . The fighter from Los Angeles has gained a large following among young boxing fans because he represents "  a typical young man in America , " Arum noted . Rios , wearing a baseball cap with "  I heart Haters " logo , said : "  I 'll get ready to give Manny the best fight he ever had . He is a warrior , I am a warrior . That 's our trait . It 's going to be a hell of a fight . " "  We want to give the fans a really exciting fight , " Arum said . "  Brandon and Manny will be hitting each other from the opening bell to as long as they last . " Arum 's other card is the Chinese boxing sensation Zou Shiming , who Arum thinks could be polished into a superstar under the tutelage of Freddie Roach , Pacquiao 's trainer . "  He 's quite smart and a quick learner , " Roach said of Zou . "  He 'll get better and better . " "  The problem is that it is a different sport , " Arum said . "  Amateur boxing rewards boxers for the quantity of punches , not the quality of punches , and professional boxing is more about the quality of punches , " Arum said . "  We have high expectations of him improving as he goes along . " If all goes well for Arum , the Western sport of boxing might finally sink a long-delayed clinch hold over the East . Byron Tseng , Feng Ke and Audrey Shi contributed to this report	Manny Pacquiao to fight Brandon Rios in the "  biggest " boxing match ever in China Cotai Arena , where the match will take place , is located in a $ 2.4 B resort and seats 15,000 Boxing was banned in China by Mao Zedong in 1959 ; ban was lifted in 1986
CNN  -- Team Sky are considering taking legal action following the accident which saw their rider Juan Antonio Flecha hit by a car during Sunday 's ninth stage of the Tour de France . Spaniard Flecha was part of a five-man breakaway group when he was struck by a French TV vehicle overtaking them . Flecha fell to the road while fellow-escapee Johnny Hoogerland of Vacansoleil was catapulted into a barbed wire fence on the side of the road . Voeckler takes yellow jersey after crashes mar Tour stage Despite blood seeping through various cuts and abrasions both riders eventually got back on their bikes to finish the stage some way adrift of the leaders -- with Hoogerland in some distress as went onto the podium to collect the climber 's polka-dot jersey . Tour organizers immediatly excluded the vehicle for the remainder of the race and have opened an investigation , while police are also making enquiries and gathering statements . Speaking to reporters on Monday 's rest day , Team Sky chief Dave Brailsford said : "  It was plain for everyone to see -- that crash should n't have happened . "  Everybody saw it , everyone saw the severity of it so I do n't think we need to fan the flames of that anymore . "  Once you 've got the facts then you can decide and evaluate whether there 's an opportunity for the police to do something . There are different options available . " Asked specifically about the possibility of legal proceedings , Brailsford added : "  All the options includes anything you can think of . " Despite fears he had fractured an elbow , scans have revealed no break , and Flecha told reporters he expects to start Tuesday 's 158km 10th stage from Aurillac to Carmaux . "  Tomorrow I 'll be able to ride , how well I do n't know but I really do n't care , said Flecha . "  At first I want to see how everything goes . I 'm thinking more long term . I 'm more concerned about the Pyrenees . I ca n't bypass the Pyrenees , " he added . Meanwhile , Russian Alexander Kolobnev has become the first rider to be kicked off the Tour de France after testing positive for a banned substance . The 30-year-old Katusha rider , who was lying in 69th place in the overall standings , tested positive for hydrochlorothiazide on July 6 . Hydrochlorothiazide is listed as a banned substance as it can also be used to mask other drugs . Kolobnev is better known as a one-day specialist , having twice won the Russian national championships , as well as taking the silver medal in the 2007 and 2009 world championships and bronze at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .	Team Sky are pondering legal action after Juan Antonio Flecha 's accident Flecha was knocked off his bike during Sunday 's Tour de France ninth stage The French TV vehicle responsible for accident has been kicked off the race Alexander Kolobnev is kicked off the Tour de France after positive drugs test
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela ached to come home , his family says , and he did so Sunday -- his burial the last part of a long journey that had lasted nearly a century . The prisoner turned president 's funeral in his childhood village of Qunu marked the end of 10 days mourning , during which tribal elders guided Mandela 's transition to the afterlife . The funeral was a final chance for those who knew him best to say goodbye . Mandela 's daughter Maki told me her father had always been a country boy at heart , and wanted to return to his remote farm in the Eastern Cape , one of South Africa 's most rural areas . "  Even when my father was in jail , he had the fondest memories of Qunu , " she said . "  And he really wanted to die here . " Pointing to a chair in the living room she said : "  This is Tata 's special chair ... he would sit like this , with a cushion here , because he enjoyed looking out into the hills . " Mandela 's casket lay in his bedroom overlooking those hills overnight ahead of his funeral . Tribal elders held a vigil and a family prayer service took place Sunday morning . The state funeral service was held in a huge domed tent , surrounded by cows grazing in the neighboring fields . Inside , 95 candles burned , each representing one year of his life . Inside that tent -- filled with the sweet scent of white roses and lilies -- the Mandela family shared their grief with some 4,000 guests and television cameras broadcasting the service to the world . Friends and family mourned alongside heads of state , royalty and celebrities who had made their way along South Africa 's back roads to Mandela 's burial place . As well as being about family and loss , the state funeral was a mixture of power and politics , of belonging and belief . Mandela had a canny knack of building relationships and among those at his funeral were those who represented the old apartheid order . The great reconciliator continued to bring people together in death , just as he had in life . Mandela 's burial , however , was private . A few hundred mourners walked up the hills where he had played as a child to say goodbye . Mandela 's eldest daughter carried a reed mat that was laid on the floor of the grave , evoking the sense Mandela was going to rest on a traditional sleeping mat . The television coverage turned skyward to catch a flypast of planes and helicopters as Mandela was finally laid to rest , in a grave surrounded by local plants designed to evoke the journey of his life . Mandela 's granddaughter Tukwini said it had been a challenge to organize the funeral in the remote location "  but my grandfather was born here . " "  This is where my grandfather told us who we were as Mandelas , " she explained . Mandela 's family says his spirit is now in Qunu . Finally , after a life journey that was long , proud and honored , Nelson Mandela is home . Hamba Kahle Tata . Lala Kahle Tata . Goodbye father . Sleep well . Read more : Mandela used humor to charm and cajole Read more : A look inside Mandela 's memorial garden Read more : Nelson Mandela laid to rest in Qunu	Anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela laid to rest in his childhood village Funeral and burial ended 10 days of mourning for South Africa 's first black president More than 4,000 people gathered at Mandela 's funeral service in a tent in the Qunu hills His family told CNN 's Robyn Curnow they believed his spirit was now at home
CNN  ISIS operatives have executed two groups of prisoners , believed to be Ethiopian Christians , in Libya , according to a video released Sunday by the terror network 's media arm . The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups , according to the Ethiopian News Agency . The al-Furqan Media video -- which is highly produced and titled "  Until There Came to Them Clear Evidence " -- shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in Libya , according to the video 's narrator . One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea , while the other group is shot in Southern Libya , hundreds of miles away . "  All praise be to Allah , the Lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the Prophet Mohammed . To the nation of the cross , we are back again on the sands , where the companions of the Prophet , peace be upon him , have stepped on before , telling you : Muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap , " the narrator says in Arabic on the 39-minute video . The narrator continues , "  In fact , their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them  which  inherits revenge . And we swear to Allah : the one who disgraced you by our hands , you will not have safety , even in your dreams , until you embrace Islam . " Quoting Mohammed , the narrator says that those who "  perform prayer and pay alms " will have "  their blood and property " protected by the Prophet unless Islam dictates otherwise . "  You pay  tax  with willing submission , feeling yourselves subdued . Our battle is a battle between faith and blasphemy , between truth and falsehood , until there is no more polytheism -- and obedience becomes Allah 's on its entirety , " the narrator says . Earlier in the video , a different speaker says Christians in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul were given the choice to embrace Islam or maintain their Christian faith and pay a tax . "  The Islamic state has offered the Christian community this many times and set a deadline for this , but the Christians never cooperated , " the speaker says . At the beginning of the video , a man who appears to be a judge in a court enforcing Islam 's Sharia law holds up documents and says a Syrian Christian had owed a Syrian Muslim 550,000 Syrian pounds  about $ 2,900  since 2004 , but the Muslim was unable to obtain the money under President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . "  After applying to the Islamic court he got his money back within one month , " the man says . The law cited throughout the video comes from the Quran 's Surah 9:29 , whose exact translation is an area of dispute among religious scholars . The gist is that Muslims are commanded to fight those who do n't believe in Allah or the Last Day  Islam 's equivalent of Judgment Day  unless the nonbelievers pay a tax or tribute . In February , ISIS released a video of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt being executed on a Libyan beach . Those captives , too , wore orange jumpsuits . In that video , released by al-Hayat Media Center , another ISIS media arm , a masked man references the killing of Osama bin Laden and his burial at sea . "  The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden 's body in , we swear to Allah , we will mix it with your blood , " he threatens in English . CNN 's Anas Hamdan , Christine Theodorou and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Footage shows groups of captives in jumpsuits executed at 2 locations , narrator says Video makes numerous references to Christians failing to pay tax or tribute to Muslims
A pair of polls released show Democratic Sen. Mark Udall falling behind his Republican opponent in the tight Colorado race for his seat . A Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday shows Udall trailing Rep. Cory Gardner by eight points . The poll comes less than a day after a USA Today/Suffolk University poll showed the race as a statistical dead heat , with Gardner leading the incumbent , 43 % to 42 % . The two nonpartisan polls are the first time Udall has been behind his opponent since the last Quinnipiac poll gave Gardner a 2-point lead in July . The race has looked like a tough contest since Gardner jumped into it , but polling over the last two weeks has given Udall a 2 - to 6-point edge over his Republican opponent . Udall 's campaign manager Adam Dunstone acknowledged on Twitter that his candidate is locked in a tight race , but dismissed any "  wild swings like you see in the news . " Republicans are closer than ever to retaking the Senate since Democrats took control in 2006 , and a GOP win in Colorado could help tip the balance . Udall has tried to put daylight between his positions and President Barack Obama 's policies as the President 's poll numbers have dipped . The USA Today/Suffolk University poll showed 55 % had an unfavorable view of Obama . And while Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper shared a beer with Obama in Denver in July , Udall was n't in the picture for the photo-op . He was originally scheduled to attend a Denver fundraiser with the President , but made a last-minute change to stay on Capitol Hill for a vote . But Gardner 's hefty lead in the Quinnipiac poll could also be an outlier : It 's the second time this week that Quinnipiac has strayed from the pack of polls . The institution also gave Republican candidate Joni Ernst a 6-point lead against her Democratic opponent Bruce Braley in the equally contentious Iowa Senate race . Other polls have pointed to a dead heat in the Iowa contest .	A Quinnipiac University poll showed Sen. Udall trailing Rep. Cory Gardner 40-48 % A USA Today/Suffolk University poll gave Gardner a 1-point edge The two nonpartisan polls are the first time Udall has been behind his opponent since July Udall 's campaign manager dismissed his candidate 's fall in this week 's polls
Talks with Iran over its nuclear program resume Thursday . Make no mistake : The deal the Obama administration is pursuing with Iran over its nuclear program is a good deal . It will leave Iran with neither a nuclear weapon nor an undetectable breakout capability . And by ensuring that the deal also is a win for Iran , Tehran wo n't have incentives to cheat and violate the agreement . Based on conversations with diplomats on both sides of the table , I believe it is a durable deal that enhances America 's security and nonproliferation goals while making Iran much less hostile and U.S. allies in the region much more safe . And make no mistake about the flip side : The alternative to this deal -- the continuation of the sanctions path -- will see Iran continue to inch toward a nuclear weapons option while the U.S. and Iran gravitate toward a disastrous military confrontation . It 's either a deal or another war in the Middle East . Those are the stakes . It is true that Iran is eager to get a deal . President Hassan Rouhani will likely lose the popular support he enjoys unless he can find a fix to Iran 's economic troubles . The best way of achieving that goal is to reduce Iran 's tensions with the U.S. and get sanctions lifted by showing flexibility on the nuclear issue . But it is also true that Washington needs a deal . Iran 's nuclear program has steadily advanced over the years . As the West has escalated sanctions to gain leverage , the Iranians have escalated their nuclear program for the same reason . In 2005 , the Iranians offered to cap their enrichment program at 3,000 centrifuges . The West nixed that offer . By the time the George W. Bush administration left office , the Iranians had around 7,221 centrifuges . Today , they have more than 19,000 centrifuges . Their stockpile of low enriched uranium has reached more than 10,000 kilograms . It was around 1,000 kilograms when Barack Obama took office . The end result is that the Iranians have added a lot of new facts on the ground , making a complete roll back a near impossibility . The nuclear deal that could have been secured years ago is likely more attractive than any deal Washington can strike a year from now . In addition , Washington 's current negotiation cards may soon expire . The sanctions regime and the international consensus to isolate Tehran might quickly disintegrate if talks fail and the blame falls on Washington  read Congress  . In fact , the Iranians are counting on this . The more forthcoming , flexible and reasonable they come across on the nuclear issue in their current charm offensive and the more the U.S. Congress puts its hawkishness and dysfunctionality on public display , the easier they can shift the blame for the impasse onto the United States and the more successful they will be in peeling countries off from the sanctions regime . This is exactly how Obama succeeded in securing this unlikely sanctions program in the first place : His extended hand of friendship in 2009 and Tehran 's inability to unclench its fist shifted the blame squarely to the rulers of Iran . As a result , sanctions that the Bush administration did not even dare to dream of became reality only 18 months into Obama 's presidency . The Iranians have now set the stage to return the favor if Congress fails to be serious about a deal . Those in Congress worried that even the offer of modest sanctions relief in the talks will cause the collapse of the current sanctions infrastructure must consider how quickly sanctions can fall apart if there is n't a deal . In the former case , Washington will extract valuable concessions from Iran in return for the lifting of sanctions . In the latter case , Washington will lose the sanctions without getting anything from the Iranians . And the moment the sanctions regime begins to fall apart while Tehran continues to expand its nuclear program , the calls for military action will rise once more . That would be the cost of Congress overplaying its hand . No wonder U.S. lead negotiator Wendy Sherman told CNN after the last round of talks that "  we have to do everything we can to reach a diplomatic solution . " She continued : "  There are other options , but a diplomatic solution is the best option , and we all have to do everything we can as quickly as we can to see if in fact we can achieve just that . " The American people sent an unmistakable message to Congress against war with Syria . On Iran , the American public needs to make its voice heard on Capitol Hill once more in order to avoid a war that would be far more devastating than Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan combined . Fortunately , diplomacy is not only the best available option , the deal Obama is pursuing is also a very good option . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion .	Trita Parsi : Talks with Iran restarting and a good compromise is possible Deal helps U.S. security and nonproliferation goals and makes Iran less hostile , Parsi says Parsi : Past has been a cycle of increasing sanctions met with escalating nuclear program He says it 's a deal or war , one that would be worse than Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan combined
CNN  -- We 're in the home stretch of the Sochi Winter Olympics , with the final week of competition under way . NBC 's Bob Costas plans to return to the broadcast booth Monday after being sidelined with an eye infection for a few days . More importantly , Monday will determine whether we 'll get to see a repeat of one of the most intense rivalries in sports . And it will offer us a taste of the chaotic world of snowboard cross . Here are five events to watch at the Sochi Winter Olympics on Monday : 1 . Ice Dancing Americans Meryl Davis , 27 , and Charlie White , 26 , are favorites to win gold in ice dancing . They were the world champions in 2011 and 2013 -- and could become the first Americans ever to become Olympic champions in ice dance . On Sunday , they not only won the short dance part of the competition ; they scored a world-record 78.89 points . The free dance takes place Monday . Who else to watch : Davis and White 's chief rivals - Canadians Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir , who came in second in the short dance Sunday . But they are the defending Olympic champions , having won gold at the Vancouver games four years ago . 2 . Women 's Ice Hockey Though it does n't get the attention it should , the U.S vs. Canada women 's ice hockey is one of the most intense rivalries in sports . Since the sport was included in the Olympics in 1988 , no other country but these two have taken home the gold . The Canadians won gold in 2002 , 2006 and 2010 . The U.S. won in 1998 . The teams want to face each other again in the gold medal game -- but first , they have to win their semifinals Monday . The U.S. faces Sweden at 7:30 a.m. ET and Canada plays Switzerland at noon . Who to watch : Julie Chu , one of the U.S. 's top players , injured her hand in practice Saturday but is expected to play . 3 . Men 's two-man bobsled One of the feel-good stories of Sochi was the return of the Jamaican bobsled team after a 12-year absence . The sunny , snowless Caribbean island inspired the Disney movie "  Cool Runnings " after fielding a four-man team to the Calgary games in 1988 . But Jamaica never got any traction at Sochi . After the first round of heats Sunday , Winston Watts and Marvin Dixon of Jamaica are 30th among 30 teams . Last place . The second day of heats is Monday . Russia holds a big lead , followed by Switzerland , the U.S. and Canada . Who to watch : The Russians . Could this be their year ? They won silver in 2006 and bronze in 2010 . Taking the gold before a home crowd would be especially sweet for them . Who else to watch : Steven Holcomb , piloting for the U.S. , helped the U.S. four-man team win gold in Vancouver in 2010 . He 'll be piloting the two-man team as well . The U.S. has not won gold in the two-man event since 1936 and last medaled in 1952 in Oslo . 4 . Men 's aerials The aerials event is one of the most visually impressive in the Winter Games , with athletes launching themselves off ski jumps to perform multiple somersaults in the air before landing . The favorites are Qi Guangpu and Liu Zhongqing , both of China , and Anton Kushnir of Belarus . Zhongqing won a bronze at Vancouver . The qualifying rounds and the finals will be held Monday . Athletes are judged on technique in their takeoff , jump form and landing . Who else to watch : The United States has one entrant , 18-year-old Mac Bohonnon . 5 . Snowboard Cross In this event , four athletes on snowboards simultaneously race down a course with jumps , obstacles and banks . It sounds chaotic and sometimes it is . Monday will be a busy day , with seedings followed by four other rounds of competition . Markus Schairer , 26 , of Austria is one of the favorites to win gold . Like most snowboarders , he has suffered multiple injuries during his career , including tearing his anterior cruciate ligament twice and breaking his chin , arm , finger , shoulder and some ribs . Who else to watch : Omar Visintin of Italy and Jarryd Hughes of Austria have competed strongly throughout the competitions leading up to the Olympics .	Jamaica is in last place in the two-man bobsled U.S. , Canadian women 's hockey teams compete in semis Americans Meryl Davis and Charlie White are favored to win ice dancing Bob Costas will return to the broadcast booth
CNN  -- Former South African President Nelson Mandela toiled for 27 years in South African prisons before gaining his freedom and leading his nation from white minority rule to full democracy . In the process , he became an international symbol of strength and hope . Mandela became South Africa 's first black president in 1984 . This month he celebrates his 90th birthday with a lavish , star-studded concert in London that confirms his enduring status as a revered global icon . But his journey from young protester to political prisoner to leader of his nation has not been without heartache and personal loss . Mandela was born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu . He was the son of the chief councilor to a Thembu chief , and he soon became passionate about political reformation , founding the African National Congress Youth League in 1944 with lifelong friend Oliver Tambo . Mandela 's natural leadership skills pushed him front and center during the ANC 's 1952 Defiance Campaign , which urged South African citizens not to cooperate with certain laws deemed discriminatory . Mandela urged nonviolent solutions to the South African government 's political , economic and social oppression of the nation 's black majority . His commitment to nonviolent change was tested , however , in March of 1960 when black protestors in the township of Sharpeville were fired upon by South African police as they gathered to protest a law that required all black citizens to carry passbooks at all times . Sixty-nine people were killed and more than 180 were injured in the clash . The Sharpeville Massacre sparked riots , strikes and protest demonstrations across South Africa , and the government declared a state of emergency . But the massacre also highlighted the tragedy of apartheid to the rest of the world . The United Nations condemned the massacre , and its security council convened on April 1 , 1960 , to consider the ravaging effects of apartheid on South Africa 's people . Inside the country , Mandela and his colleagues reconsidered the use of violence to further their cause for freedom . Mandela formed the revolutionary group Spear of the Nation In 1961 and was named its commander in chief . He slipped out of South Africa for military training in Algeria in 1962 but was arrested soon after he returned . See pictures of Mandela 's life " Mandela had several previous run-ins with police , and he was eventually sentenced to life in prison for his actions protesting South Africa 's apartheid government . At the time of his sentence Mandela made a dramatic statement that illustrated his overarching commitment to freedom : "  During my lifetime I have dedicated myself to the struggle of the African people , " he said . "  I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination . I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities . It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve . But , if needs be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . " Listen to famous speech " During his long incarceration , Mandela nearly became a myth . He smuggled out notes of encouragement to his followers that read like pronouncements . "  Any man or institution that tries to rob me of my dignity will lose , " one note said . He might have been condemned to hard labor in a limestone quarry , but Mandela 's unyielding moral stance held him high on a pedestal to his followers . In 1990 , it became clear to then-South African President F.W. de Klerk that Mandela 's release was necessary for the nation to heal . Mandela was 71 years old when he walked free from Victor Verster prison , his clenched fist held high . He 'd lived a life of protest for a cause for which he 'd been prepared to die . And now he would lead a nation on the brink of civil war to democracy . Three years later , de Klerk and Mandela would share the Nobel Peace Prize . "  The policy of reconciliation that Nelson R. Mandela and Frederik Willem de Klerk represent provides hope not only for South Africa ; it is also a shining example for the world that there are ways out of the vicious circle of violence and bitterness , " said Francis Sejersted , chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee as he awarded the shared prize . In 1994 , Mandela was elected president in South Africa 's first all-race general elections . Since his retirement in 1999 , Mandela has turned his attention to international diplomacy : He convinced Libya to hand over two suspects for trial in the Lockerbie airplane bombing , and he played a role in the Burundi peace process . In 2005 , he took up a personal cause closer to home . Mandela 's son , Makgatho Mandela , 54 , died of an AIDS-related illness . Nearly 5 million South Africans may have AIDS , medical experts estimate , and for many in the country discussing the disease is a taboo . "  Let us give publicity to HIV/AIDS and not hide it , because the only way to make it appear like a normal illness like TB , like cancer , is always to come out and to say somebody has died because of HIV/AIDS , " Mandela said in January at a news conference where he announced his loss . "  And people will stop regarding it as something extraordinary . " On Mandela 's 80th birthday he wed his 52-year-old companion , Graca Machel , from Mozambique at a private ceremony in his home in Johannesburg , South Africa . He danced at the double celebration surrounded by his grandchildren , family and close friends .	Mandela born in 1918 in the South African village Qunu Anti-apartheid leader spent 27 years in prison Elected as South Africa 's first black president in 1994
Editor 's note : Leonard Pitts Jr. , a columnist for The Miami Herald , won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary and is the author of a new novel , "  Before I Forget " and "  Becoming Dad : Black Men and the Journey to Fatherhood . " Leonard Pitts says we know what it takes to improve the performance of African-American students . CNN  -- Back in 1972 , on an episode of "  All in the Family , " Gloria posed the following riddle to Archie and Meathead . Father and son go driving . There 's an accident . The father is killed instantly , the son is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery . The surgeon walks in , takes one look at the patient and says , "  I ca n't operate on this boy . He 's my son . " The answer to the apparent paradox eluded Archie , Meathead and the guys down at Kelsey 's bar for the balance of the half hour . They floated theories involving stepfathers , sons-in-law , priests , adoptions and returns from the dead . All of which Archie apparently found more believable than the true answer which was , of course , that the surgeon was the boy 's mother . "  If that 's the answer , " he spouted , "  that 's the dumbest riddle I ever hoid ! " Thirty-seven years later it is , perhaps , difficult to appreciate why this riddle ever was a riddle , how so apparent an answer could have stymied Archie , Meathead and , I would wager , the vast majority of the viewing audience . The riddle speaks volumes not just about how the world has changed in four decades , but also about how unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious . In 1972 , one expected a man when one heard the word "  surgeon . " Much as , in 2009 , one expects a white kid when one hears the word "  scholar . " People will deny this , will say all the right and politic things . But the disclaimers will be as thin and transparent as Saran Wrap . Black , white and otherwise , we are all socialized by the same forces and all carry , by and large , the same unconscious assumptions . One of which is that a certain level of achievement is black and another is white . This is what you are hearing when a black kid speaks standard English and another black kid chides him for "  talking white . " This is what George W. Bush was alluding to when he decried "  the soft bigotry of low expectations . " And this is what we need to address forthrightly if we ever hope to close the so-called achievement gap that looms between black kids and white ones . In 2007 and 2008 , I traveled the country for a series of columns called "  What Works , " aimed at profiling programs that addressed that gap . I traveled between big programs and small ones , from the Harlem Children 's Zone , which encompasses 90 square blocks of holistic education , family counseling , medical care and tutoring in New York City , to the Freedom Project in Sunflower County , Mississippi , which offers field trips , martial arts and academic enrichment in a rural county where the median income is $ 25,000 a year and the teen pregnancy rate is said to be 25 percent . I toured Self Enhancement Inc. in Portland , Oregon , a KIPP  Knowledge is Power Program  School in Gaston , North Carolina , the East Lake Foundation in Atlanta , Georgia , and many others . In all these places , I saw black kids -- well-spoken , clean-cut and noon-sun bright -- making a lie out of other peoples ' expectations . Over the course of 13 months , common themes began to emerge whenever I would ask why kids such as these were doing such wondrous work in these places and substandard work elsewhere . We have more power to fire bad teachers and reward good ones , they said . We require parental involvement . We have a longer school day and a longer school year . We mentor children that need it . We counsel children and families that need it . We are invested in them and make sure they know it . Most of all , they spoke of the simple power of expectation : making it a conscious point to look for greatness in black kids in whom people had not thought to look for it before . What I came to understand in those interviews is that we already know the secret to improving academic performance for African-American children . What is missing is the will to do so . And that , I think , is because where they are concerned , we have other expectations . I asked Geoffrey Canada , founder of the Harlem Children 's Zone , how he justifies asking for money to uplift poor kids in Harlem . His response struck me : "  Someone 's yelling at me because I 'm spending $ 3,500 a year on ` Alfred . ' ` Alfred ' is 8 . OK , Alfred turns 18 . No one thinks anything about locking him up for 10 years at $ 60,000 a year . " But then , we expect Alfred to be locked up , do n't we ? Expect it so blithely that we will not challenge the expectation even when it works against our own economic self-interest . Canada , after all , presents a rather stark choice : invest a smaller amount early and produce a citizen who pays taxes and contributes to the system or pay a much larger amount later for the upkeep of a citizen who consumes tax monies and contributes nothing . That we consistently choose the latter says something about how we assess the educability , the salvageability , of African-American kids . Thirteen months of interviewing young scholars left me more impatient than ever with a culture that writes off black kids because they are black kids . Somewhere between the 13-year-old in rural Mississippi who wants to go to Harvard and the second-graders in Harlem studying Vincent Van Gogh , I ceased being surprised and started being angry that what I saw was still the exception and not the rule . Everywhere I went , there were black kids excelling . And at some point , you say to yourself : well , of course . What did you expect ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Pitts Jr. .	Leonard Pitts Jr. : Unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious He says many people expect black students to perform more poorly Programs have demonstrated that investing in children 's education pays off Pitts : We already know secret to improve performance , but do we have will to do it ?
CNN  -- Tunisia 's interim Prime Minister Ali Laarayedh has confirmed that he will submit his resignation Thursday , the state news agency reported , as part of a deal aimed at putting the North African country 's transition to democracy back on track . His successor , Industry Minister Mehdi Jomaa , is expected to announce a new caretaker government before the end of the week . Laarayedh will hand his resignation to President Moncef Marzouki Thursday afternoon , the state-run TAP news agency said . Tunisia -- the cradle of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings that toppled autocratic leaders in one of the most conservative corners of the world -- has been in crisis since the killings of two secular opposition leaders by gunmen last year . Thursday 's move is in line with an agreement between the government and opposition last year to end a political deadlock . That deal foresaw the ruling Islamist Ennahda party handing over power once parties had finished writing a new constitution and appointed an electoral commission to oversee new elections . Tunisia 's national assembly has been voting on the last clauses of the new charter this week and on Wednesday appointed the electoral committee . Economic woes The once-banned moderate Islamist Ennahda party won elections in October 2012 -- the first after the January 2011 ouster of former autocratic leader Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali -- and formed an Islamist-led government . But political turmoil has beset the North African country , which relies heavily on foreign tourists for revenue , and the presidency has declared a state of emergency . One of the most secular nations in the Arab world , Tunisia slid into a stalemate after the assassination of two secular politicians , widening divisions over the role of Islam . Ennahda condemned the killings , but the opposition accused it of failing to rein in radical Islamists . The political wrangling that followed has threatened to disrupt a democratic transition in a country once seen as a model of post-revolutionary stability in a still volatile region . The uneasy compromise between Ennahda and the secular opposition in Tunisia 's transition contrasts with instability affecting Libya , Egypt and Yemen , countries which also ousted leaders in the 2011 Arab Spring . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Saad Abedine contributed to this report	Ali Laarayedh 's resignation is part of a deal struck between the government and opposition New PM expected to announce a caretaker government by the end of the week The assassination last year of two opposition politicians triggered growing unrest Tunisia is seen as the birthplace of the Arab Spring movement
CNN  -- Miami Heat star Dwyane Wade says he felt numb as a child when he watched his mother inject herself with heroin . "  My mom did n't know I had seen her shoot up , " he said . Jolinda Wade managed to overcome her addiction . But her son 's new book , "  A Father First : How My Life Became Bigger Than Basketball , " offers his perspective on her drug use for the first time . His mother says that seeing the story through her son 's eyes was emotional for her . "  My precious boy saw me with the needle in my arm , " she said from Chicago . "  There were a lot of things that we had not talked about that they had seen . " The book jumps from Wade 's tumultuous childhood with his sister on the south side of Chicago to his more recent past , when the 30-year-old NBA star was awarded joint custody of his two sons after a bitter court battle with his ex-wife . He credits his older sister , Tragil , with helping shield him from the trauma of his mother 's addiction . She took 10-year-old Dwyane to live with his father , Dwyane Wade Sr. , in Robbins , Illinois , away from the drug deals and police raids he had grown accustomed to . "  My father stepped up , " Wade said . "  I 'm successful today because my father stepped up . " A whole new ball game : Wade 's soccer admission Wade 's talent also helped him emerge from his turbulent early life to become one of professional basketball 's most prominent players . After leading the Marquette University Golden Eagles to the Final Four , he entered the NBA as the No. 5 draft pick in 2003 . Now a guard for the Miami Heat , he has helped his team win two NBA championships . But his mother 's transformation is arguably more remarkable than her son 's . Jolinda Wade , 57 , is now a pastor in Chicago -- and drug-free . She runs the church New Creation Binding and Loosing Ministries and the community center Barrier Breakdown Transformed , which caters to people in need . The community center serves as a safe haven for children affected by Chicago 's teacher strike . "  I 'm able to give people hope , " she said . One of the most poignant parts of her son 's book comes when he tells his mother that she 's still his favorite girl -- even when she is in the throes of her addiction . Now , Wade said , "  We have a great relationship . " She has eight grandchildren ranging in age from 1 to 21 , including Wade 's sons , Zaire , 10 , and Zion , 5 . That mom appeal is helping diversify Wade 's fan base . At a recent book signing at the public library in downtown Atlanta , there was a strong contingent of women amid a sea of young men and boys clad in Miami Heat jerseys . Alice Doanes , who just celebrated her 71st birthday in August , was one of them . She is a mother , a grandmother , a retired teacher and an ardent Wade fan . She stood in the line that wrapped around the block , clutching her copy of "  A Father First , " hoping to get her picture taken with the NBA star . "  I always admired him , because he looked like a clean-cut guy . " She had a long wait ahead of her : Fans said they had been standing in line for several hours . Wade can count his favorite girl among the book 's fans . Even with its candid account of his childhood , Jolinda Wade said , "  I love the book . "	Basketball star Dwyane Wade 's new book addresses his mother 's drug addiction Wade 's mother is now drug-free and a pastor in Chicago ; they have a "  great relationship " Wade 's book is diversifying his fan base , bringing women and older people to book signings
CNN  -- One of a small number of women who have filled a void by becoming police chiefs in violence-torn Mexico was gunned down Monday , authorities said . Hermila Garcia , 38 , became the top cop in the town of Meoqui just two months ago . Gunmen attacked her as she drove to work by herself , authorities said . Garcia was one of a handful of women who have taken leadership roles in police departments in cities and towns where men have stayed away because of fear . One of the most high-profile women to take such an assignment is 20-year-old Marisol Valles Garcia , a student who became police chief of Praxedis G. Guerrero , also in the state of Chihuahua . Hermila Garcia was a lawyer by profession and was single with no children . Violence in Chihuahua is due to struggles between rival drug cartels over lucrative smuggling routes , as well as police operations against the cartels . Journalist Edgar Roman contributed to this report for CNN .	Hermila Garcia had been police chief for two months She was attacked as she drove to work Garcia was one of several women to take jobs as police chiefs
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A major search and rescue operation is underway after two cargo ships collided off the coast of Hong Kong early Monday . One man was plucked from the water by a passing fishing boat but 11 others are missing , according to Hong Kong police . The rescued man , a 46-year-old Chinese national , is being treated at a Hong Kong hospital , where his condition is stable . The accident happened at around 2.30 a.m. local time when the Marshall Islands-registered MOL Motivator , a 300-meter long container ship , collided with a smaller Chinese vessel , the Zhong Xing 2 . The incident occurred three nautical miles southwest of Po Toi island , Marine Police told CNN . The smaller ship , believed to be transporting cement at the time , then sank with its crew of 12 , police said . The MOL Motivator was leaving for Yantian in China 's southern Guangdong Province from Hong Kong , according to local media reports . The Guangdong Maritime Rescue Coordination Center is coordinating the search effort , though a helicopter and a number of rescue vessels from Hong Kong are part of the operation . Cargo ships collide outside of Tokyo Bay	300-meter container ship collided with smaller vessel off Hong Kong One survivor , 11 others still missing , police say Incident happened in the early hours of Monday
Entertainment Weekly  -- For the past three weeks in a row , Michael Jackson 's "  Number Ones " has been the biggest-selling album in the country . For the first time in a month , the No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 is actually the No. 1 selling album . Each time , it 's been disqualified from Billboard 's flagship Billboard 200 chart , along with all Jackson 's other releases , due to its age . That unusual run of asterisked Billboard 200 chart-toppers is now over . Which artist put an end to Jackson 's posthumous flummoxing of the Billboard rules , you ask ? The answer is Chris Daughtry , whose "  Leave This Town " bows atop the chart with a very nice 269,000 copies sold , according to Nielsen SoundScan . That 's actually a bit of a drop-off from the 304,000 that the first album from American Idol alum Chris Daughtry 's band sold when it hit shelves in 2006 , but it 's more than anyone else could muster in this sales frame -- yes , even Michael . And so for the first time in a month , the No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 is actually the No. 1 selling album in the U.S. , no tricks , no fooling . "  Number Ones , " meanwhile , sold another 192,000 this week , landing it handily atop the Top Comprehensive Albums chart , which counts catalog albums alongside new ones . So do n't think that MJ 's sales have dried up just yet . Other Billboard 200 debuts this week came from the Dead Weather 's "  Horehound " at No. 6 , demonstrating that at least 51,000 devotees can be counted on to buy any side project Jack White dreams up . R&B singer Joe , shows up at No. 7 after signing over 49,000 units of his "  Signature " ; Twista fast-talked his way into 45,000 sales and a No. 8 bow ; and Christian power-pop teens pureNRG squeak in at No. 20 with 22,000 copies sold . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Daughtry 's "  Leave This Town " tops chart with 269,000 copies sold In past weeks , Michael Jackson 's "  Number Ones " has been biggest-selling album Daughtry 's first album sold 304,000 when it was released in 2006 Other top albums this week are from Dead Weather , Joe and Twista
CNN  -- President Obama has decided to move ahead with a variety of gun control measures , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein has proposed a new assault weapons ban . While Washington debates new proposals on gun control , attention also needs to focus on obstacles to effective enforcement of existing gun laws , including the ban imposed by Congress on the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives creating a federal database of firearms transactions . A discussion of the origin of that ban , which was initially enacted in response to a proposal made when I served as the assistant Treasury secretary overseeing the bureau , is useful to a better understanding of the dynamics of the debate over specific gun control proposals . Sadly , both then and now , logic often loses out . Early in 1978 , the proposal we developed was relatively simple : Manufacturers , wholesalers and retailers would file reports of sales of firearms with the bureau , but to avoid the argument that the bureau was impermissibly creating a national registry of gun owners , retailers would not be required to list the name of the retail purchaser . The rationale for creating a centralized firearms transaction database was twofold . First , it would speed up the ability to trace guns found at crime scenes , since even with the less sophisticated technology then available , such traces would still be able to be done virtually instantaneously . Gun control advocates march as nation reels from school shootings Second , and even more significant , it would allow the bureau to analyze the flow of firearms to identify potential diversions to the illegal gun market . For example , if a hundred handguns a week were going to one dealer in a small town in Virginia , that would suggest the possibility that guns were being sold illegally by that dealer to individuals smuggling them to New York or other states . By allowing this kind of analysis , the bureau could target investigative resources on dealers mostly likely to be violating the law . Proceeding with what can only be described as youthful naivet  , the day the proposed regulations were published , I convened a briefing for interested parties , including the NRA and other anti-gun control groups . After all , none of these proposals would in any way alter the rules relating to gun ownership . The hope was that understanding the limited nature of the proposal would mute their opposition . I was very wrong . We had to withdraw the proposals , and Congress punitively reduced the bureau 's budget and ultimately banned it from creating such firearms transaction databases . The opposition to the proposed regulations was intense , with opponents writing hundreds of thousands of often angry letters , both to Treasury and to members of Congress . Little of the opposition , however , focused on the actual proposals themselves . One common thread to the opposition was the "  slippery slope argument , " which argued that the regulation would create a centralized list of all gun owners ' names -- which it would not have done -- or would lead to the creation of such a list , which would then enable the government to seize everyone 's weapons and put us on a path to dictatorship . Gun violence measures ? Would they work ? After all , it was argued , this is what the Nazis had done . Another often-used argument was that what we were proposing would not stop all criminals from securing or using firearms , and therefore it was not something worth doing . Arguments like these prevent an honest discussion of any proposal to address the problem of gun violence in America . The assumption that any regulation of firearms sets us on the path to confiscation of weapons is not only ludicrous on its face , it ignores all political reality . And , if the test for any proposal is whether it totally solves the problem being addressed , then no action would be taken addressing so many of society 's important issues . Why require the use of seat belts if wearing a seat belt does not always save a life in an accident ? Why prohibit people from carrying guns onto planes if it does n't eliminate all risk of hijacking ? Why prohibit providing assistance to terrorists if it does n't stop all terrorist acts ? Why require tests for the issuance of driver 's licenses if it does n't stop all accidents ? We require these regulations because they address problems that need to be addressed and because if these regulations can save some lives , they are steps worth taking . So it should be with the gun debate . No proposal , or set of proposals , will ever stop all gun crime . But the 1978 proposals could have stopped some illegal sales of guns by renegade dealers . And things like forced waiting periods for gun purchases , requiring background checks for firearms buyers at gun shows and a ban on assault weapons would certainly save some lives . NRA chief : Obama makes ` mockery ' of American freedoms Maybe it is thousands of lives over time ; maybe it is hundreds . But is n't every life saved worth it ? Would it not have been worth it if even some of the lives lost at Sandy Hook could have been saved because the shooter did not have an assault weapon ? Gun control is not the total answer to the problem of mass shootings , but it plainly needs to be part of any meaningful response . Let 's hope that this time the debate on gun control will be a more sensible one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Davis .	Richard Davis : Modest gun control proposals become focus of attacks He served in Carter administration , proposed firearm transaction database Even though plan would n't have listed gun owners , it was quickly shelved , he says Davis : Let 's make sure reasonable steps do n't fall victim to irrational opposition
London  CNN  -- As English has cemented its position as the default language of global business , Anglophone interest in foreign languages has steadily waned . "  We have taken a perverse pride in the fact that we do not speak foreign languages , and we just need to speak louder in English , " British education secretary Michael Gove lamented to a newspaper last week . His government hopes to reverse a decline in the number of British students sitting a language GCSE - a drop from 444,700 to 273,000 over 12 years - by teaching foreign languages from the age of five . But how much do measures like this stand to benefit English speakers , given the dominance of their language ? To an aspiring executive from an English speaking background , does it make sense to spend time acquiring another language when the world is learning yours ? Or would you be wiser investing that time in other areas of your career instead ? Stephan Chambers , director of the MBA degree at Oxford University 's Sa -- d Business School , said while speaking English was "  almost a precondition for success " for non-native speakers , a second language was not essential to English speakers . "  But if the question is : ` Is learning a second language an advantage , and is that advantage going to increase ? ' The answer 's got to be yes , " he said . "  Almost certainly , as the balance of economic power shifts , and as supply chains , sales and deals start happening outside of traditionally the most influential markets . " Which languages ? Jocelyn Wyburd , director of the University of Cambridge 's Language Centre , said the opportunities presented by emerging BRICS economies and Latin America were making their languages particularly attractive to businesses and students - especially as Europe and North America struggle . In particular , Mandarin  the world 's most spoken language  and Spanish  by varying accounts the second - or third-most spoken  are "  beginning to be more important for all of business . " Employees with a portfolio of languages were valued for their ability to build partnerships , and had an advantage in the job market for relationship-focused roles , from deal-making to supply chain development . "  But that 's a difficult message to get across , because of the perception that English is the global language , and therefore enough , " says Wyburd . She frequently sees multilingual Europeans edging out similarly qualified but monolingual Britons for jobs in the United Kingdom . Recent trends in the ever-expanding language tuition market reflect English 's strengthening position as the default language of international business . "  The key growing markets for language training are Brazil , China and Mexico , and people in these markets are learning English , " said Rita Pauls , director of global marketing for language tuition company Berlitz , which has roughly doubled its number of students to 300,000 in 70 countries over the past decade . During that time , English rose from 64 % to 72 % of their business , while German and French remained stable at 6.5 % each , and Spanish at 4 % . The only other language to have increased significantly was Mandarin , doubling to 2 % . While the Chinese economic success story has propelled interest in Mandarin in schools around the world , the language can appear forbidding - even impenetrable - for those who encounter it in adulthood . Not so , says Dr Eric Thun , lecturer in Chinese business studies at Sa -- d Business School , who picked up the language from scratch during 18 months of intensive immersion study in his mid-20s . "  Most people thought I was crazy , " he said , adding that devoting yourself exclusively to language acquisition was the only real way to make inroads . "  It 's hard to do as a side pursuit . " But while you might have to temporarily put your career on hold to pick up a language , the trade-off was likely to be worth it in the long run . A language could be an invaluable asset by allowing you to better understand your market and access broader sources of information , said Thun . Mandarin was now as imperative to business success in China as English was in the United States . And , as China had developed into "  a more normal labor market " , language skill was no longer a key to success in itself - a functional specialty was generally needed also . "  Fifteen years ago a foreigner going to China would have a fairly strong advantage just because there was n't a particularly deep talent pool , " he said . "  That 's completely different now . The bar is much higher . " Finally , though , it 's important to remember that attempting to pick up a language for business purposes alone may prove a shortsighted approach . The usefulness of a language in a business sense would rise and fall with unpredictable shifts in the global economy , said Wyburd . "  When I was growing up it never occurred to us to learn Chinese . We were focusing on the languages of Europe , because Europe was our reality . During anybody 's lifetime those contexts will change . " Beyond its business applications , however , language acquisition would always have a deeper benefit in enabling the learner to grasp another worldview , and become a more effective communicator in any tongue . "  The more respectful you are of the subtleties of language , the more effective you are as a negotiator or as a manager , " said Chambers . "  And the more likely you are to be able to take people with you in your projects . "	English is cementing its position as the language of business A second language , however , will assist in furthering your career Putting your career on hold to learn a language is likely to pay off in the long run
CNN  -- A New York Times reporter who was held by the Taliban for seven months has escaped , the newspaper reported Saturday . New York Times reporter David Rohde , shown in 1995 , escaped from the Taliban . David Rohde told his wife , Kristen Mulvihill , that he and a local reporter , Tahir Ludin , climbed over the wall of a compound late Friday where they were being held in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan . Pakistani military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that the Pakistani military was involved in freeing Rohde . Additional details were not immediately available . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a statement expressing her relief about Rohde 's "  return to freedom . " "  I would like to thank the governments of Pakistan and Afghanistan for their assistance in ensuring his safe return , " Clinton said . "  Journalists put themselves at risk every day to report the news in regions gripped by conflict . We rely on their vital role and I am grateful for their service . " Watch CNN 's Nic Robertson report on the escape " Rohde , Ludin and their driver were kidnapped outside of Kabul , Afghanistan , on November 10 , and Afghan and Western officials said recently that Rohde was being held in Pakistan . After leaving the compound Friday night , the two men then found a Pakistani army scout who led them to a nearby army base . On Saturday , they were flown to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , the newspaper said . A U.S. official told CNN that Rohde will arrive in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates at 10 p.m. Saturday . "  They just walked over the wall of the compound , " Mulvihill said , according to the newspaper . Ludin hurt his foot during the escape , but otherwise both men appear to be in good health , the newspaper said . The driver , Asadullah Mangal , did not escape , the newspaper said . "  It is hard to describe the enormous relief we felt at hearing the news of David and Tahir 's escape and knowing he is safe , " a statement from Rohde 's family said . "  Every day during these past seven months , we have hoped and prayed for this moment , " said the statement , which was provided to CNN by The New York Times . It asked that the family 's privacy be respected . White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the White House was "  very pleased to see that David Rohde is now safe and returning home . " "  This marks the end of a long and difficult ordeal for David 's family , friends and co-workers . The FBI has been the lead agency on his case , and we refer you to them for any further information , " he said . The New York Times and other media outlets had kept the kidnapping quiet out of concern for the men 's safety . "  From the early days of this ordeal , the prevailing view among David 's family , experts in kidnapping cases , officials of several governments and others we consulted , was that going public could increase the danger to hostages , " The New York Times said in a written statement . "  Therefore , we did not publicly discuss the kidnapping . We are deeply grateful to the other news organizations that honored our request to refrain from reporting on it . " A Taliban spokesman told CNN several weeks ago that the Taliban had released two "  proof of identity " videos and had demanded negotiations . The Taliban wanted some of its leaders in U.S. custody to be released as well as money , the spokesman said . Rohde , 41 , had traveled to Kabul in early November to work on a book , The New York Times said . He won a Pulitzer Prize in 1996 for his reporting on the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia while working for The Christian Science Monitor . He was also part of The New York Times reporting team that won a Pulitzer Prize in May for coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan last year .	NEW : U.S. secretary of state Clinton thanks Pakistan , Afghanistan for help David Rohde was kidnapped outside of Kabul , Afghanistan , on November 10 Rohde , 41 , said he climbed over the wall of a compound late Friday Rohde was being held in the North Waziristan region of Pakistan
CNN  -- Richard III is getting people talking all over again . DNA tests confirm that skeletal remains found buried in a parking lot belong to England 's most famous king , British scientists announced on Monday . Some CNN commenters did a bit of a double take . don4060 : "  From the picture , I thought it was Keith Richards . " John : "  Nah , looks too lively and fresh . " Jerry : "  HAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!! The Strolling Bones ... " But Richard III 's suspicious rise to power and ultimate downfall are literally the stuff of Shakespearean legend . The news sent readers scrambling back to their history books , or perhaps Wikipedia . Social media users rushed to talk about it . Who would have guessed 500 years later a former king buried in a dirt hole would have a chance at redemption ? . View this page with Storify	Bones discovered in parking lot belong to King Richard III Historians hope to repudiate King 's villainous reputation ` Hide and seek win ' tweets one parody account
CNN  -- Lionel Messi ended his international goal drought to help Argentina make the perfect start to the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign under new coach Alejandro Sabella on Friday . Real Madrid striker Gonzalo Higuain scored a hat-trick in the 4-1 victory over Chile but of similar importance was Messi 's first strike in 16 games for La Albiceleste . Handed the captain 's armband by Sabella , Messi made it 2-0 in the 26th minute after combining with Higuain to end a run going back two years and seven months . Messi replied in kind to set up Higuain 's hat-trick in the 63rd minute , while Angel Di Maria laid on his clubmate 's other two goals . Chile , missing injured key players Alexis Sanchez and Gary Medel , had pulled it back to 3-1 through Matias Fernandez on the hour . "  It was important to get off on the right foot and we did just that , " Higuain said in quotes reported by AFP , having also scored a treble in his last match for Real . "  I liked a lot of what we did tonight . Now we have to keep this up . " Sabella took over from Sergio Batista after Argentina lost in the Copa America quarterfinals on home soil in July , and his next task is a trip to Venezuela on Tuesday . Venezuela 's campaign began with a 2-0 defeat at Ecuador on Friday , with the Copa semifinalists ' most-capped player Jose Manuel Rey sent off with 12 minutes to play for a second yellow card . Strikers Jaime Ayovi and Christian Benitez gave Ecuador a commanding lead inside the opening 30 minutes . Copa champions Uruguay made a perfect start with a 4-2 victory at home to Bolivia . Strikers Luis Suarez and Edinson Cavani helped make it 3-1 at halftime , while defender captain Diego Lugano netted his second goal with 18 minutes to play before Marcelo Martins ' late consolation penalty . Copa runners-up Paraguay crashed to a 2-0 defeat away to Peru , who built on their third-place finish as striker Jose Paolo Guerrero netted both goals in the second half . Paraguay host Uruguay on Tuesday , while Peru visit Chile and Bolivia are at home to Colombia . Brazil , assured of a place as hosts of the 2014 tournament , beat Costa Rica in a friendly on Friday . Striker Neymar netted a 60th-minute winner before the home team had Heiner Mora sent off late in San Jose .	Lionel Messi scores his first international goal for Argentina in 16 games Gonzalo Higuain also nets a hat-trick in 4-1 victory at home to Chile Copa America champions Uruguay open World Cup campaign with victory 2014 World Cup hosts Brazil beat Costa Rica 1-0 in friendly international
Despite the ray of good news in Thursday 's Geneva agreement on steps to de-escalate the crisis in Ukraine , President Obama was right to sound a note of caution , observing that "  I do n't think we can be sure of anything at this point . " The deal , reached by Russia , Ukraine and the West , called for , among other things , disarming illegally armed pro-Russian demonstrators in eastern Ukraine , and the surrender of the government buildings they have seized . These are good and essential first steps , but unless they can now be implemented as a basis on which the parties can move to further , bolder steps to reverse underlying trends , Ukraine could still slide into civil war . If this happened , how would it affect American national interests ? Could Ukraine become a 21st century echo of the Balkans in the 1990s , when the collapse of Yugoslavia saw a decade of war between Serbs , Croatians , Bosnians and Kosovars ?  No one should forget that just a century ago Ukraine was sucked into a tragic , bloody civil war shortly after gaining independence in the aftermath of the Russian Revolution . There is a saying that history never repeats itself , but it does sometimes rhyme . Fortunately , full-blown civil war in Ukraine still seems unlikely -- mainly because one side , the Ukrainian government , appears both unable and unwilling to fight . Nonetheless , it 's not hard to sketch a scenario in which war is the outcome -- and from that to envision a further scenario in which the U.S. finds itself drawn into a direct confrontation .  More on that in a moment . As we have seen in the past two weeks in eastern Ukraine , Russian speakers -- acting either spontaneously , or at the behest of Russian security services , or both -- have taken control of government buildings in 10 cities in Ukraine 's eastern provinces of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv . Ukrainian military , security and police forces are so impotent , demoralized and compromised by Russian infiltration that their response has so far been pathetic . This week , the New York Times reported on the Ukrainian government 's "  glaring humiliation , " when a military operation to confront pro-Russian militants instead saw Ukraine 's 21 armored vehicles separating into two columns , surrendering or retreating . In several instances , when confronted by pro-Russian crowds , soldiers and policemen have even switched sides . If Thursday 's deal unravels and Ukrainian authorities remain unable to restore basic law and order , the pro-Russian demonstrators occupying buildings will be emboldened to expand their reach . Further steps may include the demonstrators setting up an independent "  republic " in the three Eastern regions and seeking to drive out forces loyal to Ukraine 's interim government , provoking the Kiev government to respond with greater force , and then calling in Russian troops to defend them against what they will claim to be "  fascists " from western Ukraine . Responding to a crackdown , Russian security forces would likely provide arms and other assistance to the Russian speakers , claiming that such a call for assistance from "  compatriots " is impossible to ignore . As conflict intensifies , western Ukrainians , perhaps even Poles or other Europeans , could come to the aid of Ukraine . In this spiral , one thing could lead to the next , ending in significant bloodshed in eastern Ukraine , and perhaps even spreading beyond . Widespread violence or civil war would certainly be a calamity for Ukrainians . But would its consequences for American national interests require an American military response ? Fortunately for Americans , the answer is no . In 2008 , when Russia crushed Georgia in a short war that ended in Russia 's recognition of independence for the former Georgian territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , that was President George W Bush 's answer . As the ongoing civil war in Syria has claimed more than 150,000 lives , neither President Obama nor his most ardent critics , like Arizona Sen. John McCain , have judged this such an extreme threat to U.S. interests that Americans must kill and to die to stop it . That the U.S. does not have vital national interests in Ukraine will not mean that the U.S. has no national interest in holding Moscow accountable for violating territorial integrity assurances that Russia and the U.S. gave to Ukraine in 1994 in persuading it to give up nuclear weapons . Indeed , if left to take its course , this crisis has the potential to fuel further developments that engage core American national interests . For example , if Crimea becomes Putin 's precedent for creeping annexation in which Russia-instigated Russian speakers occupy government buildings , liberate a territory and establish a relationship with Russia , where will this stop ? Could the 25 % of the population in Latvia who are Russian speakers be tempted  or coaxed  to follow suit ?  Both Latvians and Russians vividly recall that in 1940 Stalin annexed Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia , nations that regained their independence only in 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed . Russian military intervention in Latvia , even under the guise of special forces in green garb without insignia , would almost certainly be engaged by Latvian military and police . If Russian security forces came to the assistance of their brethren in Latvia , as they would be likely to do , this would mean a direct confrontation between Russia and the U.S.-led NATO . Many Americans are not aware that Latvia and its Baltic neighbors are members of the NATO alliance , of which the United States is the leader . How many Americans know that members of that alliance , including the United States , commit themselves in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty to regard an attack against one NATO signatory as "  an attack against them all " ? Pursuant to that commitment , successive American presidents have approved war plans in which Americans would fight to defend the territory of all members of the alliance . Preventing Ukraine 's collapse into civil war must therefore be a high priority for the leaders of both the United States and Russia . The Geneva agreement on "  initial concrete steps to de-escalate tensions and restore security , " which U.S. and Russian diplomats signed , along with their EU and Ukrainian counterparts , represents the first real step in the international community 's collective effort to reverse Ukraine 's slide into chaos . Leaders in both Washington and Moscow will have to follow up with further , bolder steps to prevent Ukraine 's spiraling into a civil war that could draw them into a direct confrontation . These additional steps will require all parties to accept arrangements that would be unacceptable -- except for the fact that all feasible alternatives are even worse .	Graham Allison : Geneva deal on de-escalation in Ukraine a ray of hope He says unless terms are implemented and conflict reversed , civil war still a threat He says West does have an interest in stalling Russia-coaxed incursions Allison : If Latvia , part of NATO , were next , U.S. could be compelled to enter conflict
CNN  -- A Norwegian court sentenced three people Monday for their roles in a plot to attack a Danish newspaper that published cartoons depicting the Muslim prophet Mohammed . Mikael Davud , Shawan Sadek Saeed Bujak Bujak and David Jakobsen were convicted in connection with a plot to carry out explosions at offices of the Jyllands-Posten newspaper . Davud and Bujak were convicted of terror charges , while Jakobsen was convicted of a lesser explosives charge . Davud , a Norwegian citizen of Uyghur origin , was sentenced to seven years in prison . Bujak , an Iraqi-Kurdish man with Norwegian residency , was sentenced to three and a half years in prison , and Jakobsen , originally from Uzbekistan , was sentenced to four months in prison . All three defendants have already served 606 days in custody , which will be deducted from their sentences , Oslo District Court spokesman Markus Iestra said . Authorities also accused Davud and Bujak of plotting to shoot cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , who drew an image of the Muslim prophet Mohammed wearing a bomb-shaped turban that was published in Jyllands-Posten in 2005 . The controversy grew in early 2006 when a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings . Islamic law generally bans any depiction of Mohammed . Norwegian authorities have said Davud , Bujak and Jakobsen were suspected of having connections to al Qaeda . In July 2010 , Norwegian officials said Davud , Bujak and Jakobsen were arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into terrorist plots in New York and the United Kingdom . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Raja Razek contributed to this report .	Two of the men are also accused of plotting to kill the cartoonist The plot involved an attack on a Danish newspaper The men were arrested in 2010
CNN  -- Singapore 's economy shrank by 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 , the Ministry of Trade and Industry said Thursday , as it forecast the economy would contract between 2 and 5 percent this year . Boats ply under a bridge near the financial district of Singapore . Compared to a robust growth of 7.8 percent a year earlier , the economy grew by 1.1 percent for the whole of 2008 , the ministry added . It called Gross Domestic Product growth prospects for 2009 "  weak ... on account of the pessimistic global economic outlook . " All major sectors , except for construction , business services and information and communications , saw contractions , the ministry said . The ministry cited a decline in private sector investments and private consumption expenditure for dragging down total domestic demand . Declines in global demand for electronics products , pharmaceuticals and chemicals were also likely to weigh on the manufacturing sector .	Singapore 's economy shrinks by 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008 Government forecasts economy will contract between 2 and 5 percent this year Economy grew by percent in 2007 , but only 1.1 percent for the whole of 2008 Construction , business services , information , communications avoid contractions
CNN  -- U.S. Navy ships loaded with supplies for victims of Myanmar 's cyclone will sail away from the country 's coast on Thursday , after the ruling junta refused for three weeks to allow them to deliver aid . U.S. ships steam in formation off the coast of Myanmar on May 23 . Adm. Timothy Keating said the USS Essex group would leave the shores of Myanmar , also known as Burma , on Thursday , but that he would leave several heavy lift aircraft in Thailand to assist international relief efforts . "  We have made at least 15 attempts to convince the Burmese government to allow our ships , helicopters and landing craft to provide additional disaster relief for the people of Burma , but they have refused us each and every time , " Keating said in a statement Wednesday . Cyclone Nargis made landfall early last month , killing more than 77,000 people in the southeastern Asian country , according to a United Nations estimate . Some 55,000 others are missing , the United Nations said , and as many as 500,000 to 600,000 people , mainly in the Irrawaddy Delta region , have had to be relocated . The White House issued a statement Wednesday saying more than a million victims have yet to receive assistance . Watch a discussion of Myanmar 's handling of the crisis " "  I am both saddened and frustrated to know that we have been in a position to help ease the suffering of hundreds of thousands of people and help mitigate further loss of life , but have been unable to do so because of the unrelenting position of the Burma military junta , " Keating said . Myanmar leaders did grant permission for U.S. planes to deliver aid , a total of 106 plane-loads of supplies worth more than $ 26 million . Transportation cost about $ 6.8 million , it said . But the junta never gave permission for the United States to distribute the aid directly to the storm victims , prompting questions about whether some of the assistance went astray . Last weekend , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon guided a conference of 52 donor nations in Myanmar , where countries pledged in excess of $ 100 million to help Myanmar recover -- and said they are willing to open up their wallets further once aid groups are granted access to the worst-affected areas . The country 's government had asked for $ 11 billion in assistance , saying that the relief phase of the disaster was already over and that it needed the money for reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts . More than a month after the cyclone struck , more than 1 million people affected have received help , Elisabeth Byrs of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said on Tuesday . She added that aid has reached nearly half of the people in the Irrawaddy Delta . However , she said , "  There remains a serious lack of sufficient and sustained humanitarian assistance . " On Tuesday , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said that the United States would continue to push to get emergency supplies to the country 's victims . "  We are not going to abandon those ... people , " McCormack said . Of the Navy ships leaving the area , he said , they "  are needed elsewhere and there is no rational expectation at this point we will be effectively able to use those assets in an humanitarian relief operation . " "  Our folks will do the forensics on that to see if there are any lessons learned , " McCormack said . "  We think that to the extent that there has been significant loss of life that we as well as others could have reduced that number had we been allowed to act more quickly with a large-scale intervention . " CNN 's Charley Keyes and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. ships to leave area Thursday , admiral says ; some planes will stay NEW : Adm. Timothy Keating says he 's frustrated that aid was refused Myanmar junta leaders did not grant permission for U.S. Navy ships to deliver aid U.S. will keep pushing efforts to get emergency supplies to victims , despite rebuff
Singapore 's prime minister openly criticized the United States over the government shutdown and ongoing deadlock over the debt ceiling , calling them "  problems you have created for yourself in a game of chicken . " In an interview with CNN 's Patricia Wu on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  summit , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said Americans "  are unable to get their act together , " and that Washington 's behavior sends a "  negative signal which will last much longer that the shutdown . " The government shutdown led U.S. President Barack Obama to cancel his attendance at the APEC Leaders ' summit just days before he was meant to arrive . The summit finishes today in Bali , Indonesia . Aside from Taiwan , Obama is the only leader missing among the 21 economies of the APEC group , which together account for half the world 's output , 45 % of its trade and 3 billion of its inhabitants . READ MORE : Obama APEC absence boon for Xi , Putin The U.S. government is also facing an October 17 deadline to raise its debt ceiling or risk a possible default . Prime Minister Lee said he was more worried about the long-term message the U.S. was sending than the prospect of a direct hit to U.S. growth . FORTUNE : Debt ceiling scenarios freaking out traders Asked if the U.S. would benefit from a system like Singapore 's -- where government ministers are paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in salaries -- Lee said he believes his country runs a clean system in which officials are paid "  what their job is worth . " He criticized the conflicts of interest that result from the "  revolving door " between the United States government and the private sector . Lee is paid more than $ 1 million to serve as Singapore 's prime minister . Singapore is heavily dependent on exports and trade , so the fate of the city-state is closely linked with the health of the U.S. economy . Both Singapore 's property and stock markets have boomed over the last few years as investors flooded in seeking higher returns thanks to loose liquidity from the U.S. Federal Reserve and China . The prime minister said he is comfortable with Singapore 's footing as the United Stated considers turning off the flow of easy money . "  The emerging economies , many of them are concerned . They did n't want the money to slosh in . They are afraid when the money sloshes out , but the tapering has to take place and we have to be able to manage it , " Lee said . CNNMoney : Fed taper wo n't cause another financial crisis in Asia He also expressed concern over the stiffening tone in territorial disputes between Asia 's power players , including Japan and China . "  It is very hard for any government to give up what it has claimed , because it will lose face and standing and domestic support , so you can only manage these issues , you can not solve them , " Lee said .	Singapore prime minister criticizes U.S. shutdown as a "  game of chicken " Prime Minister Lee fears the squabble could have long-term impact for world 's largest economy The economic fate of the city-state is closely linked with the health of the U.S. economy U.S. President Obama canceled his visit to the 21-nation APEC summit over the shutdown
CNN  -- The Avenue Gordon Bennett in France 's capital is everything you would expect of a leafy lane in a quintessentially Parisian suburb . The Serres D'Auteuil botanical gardens -- home to a myriad of rare and exotic plants -- sit alongside the center of a Gallic passion that is Roland Garros -- the site of the annual French Open . But beneath the genteel surroundings a simmering war is brewing , one that pitches fauna lovers against forehand followers and has battle lines drawn between the ornate , glass greenhouses of the gardens and the clay of the courts that welcome stars like Roger Federer and Caroline Wozniacki to the second grand slam of the year . Welcome to the fight to expand Roland Garros . In one corner -- the French Tennis Federation  FFT  -- which maintain the tournament has become a victim of its own success and has outgrown its current site following player complaints of cramped conditions . The FFT , as a solution , propose expanding into the botanical gardens next door , replacing greenhouses with a new arena fit to house some of the world 's best tennis matches . In the other corner , campaigners and local residents who accuse the tennis body of "  environmental vandalism " and who bitterly opposed to the move . Ahead of this year 's tournament next month , it looks like the row is destined to be thrashed out in the French courts . The opposition to the move hardened when the FFT voted in February to keep the French Open at Roland Garros in the 16th arrondissement  district  of Paris rather than move to an alternative site . They rejected bids from three other venues in the inner and outer suburbs of the French capital , Gonesse , Versailles and Marne-la-Vallee  near Disneyland Paris  to the dismay of the anti-expansion campaigners . The Serres d'Auteuil is one of only three botanical gardens in Paris and contain a series of unique greenhouses and campaigners say the very rare plant life will be lost forever . "  What the FFT is proposing is the equivalent of Wimbledon deciding to expand the All-England Club and take over Kew Gardens in the process , " Agnes Popelin , who heads the campaign , told CNN . Christiane Morin Muller worked as an English speaking guide in Paris 's Botanical Gardens for 18 years until she retired and said she was "  very distressed and very upset " by the latest developments . "  We do n't have many botanical gardens in France and just three in Paris and Auteuil is the main one , " she added . Under the plans , Roland Garros will grow from its current 8.5 hectare site to 13.5 hectares , with a new planned show court in the corner of the gardens . Muller said that the encroachment will destroy the character of the gardens and the expansion would not stop there . "  With over 40,000 people going through this botanical garden every day for a fortnight it will be destroyed and little by little more ground will be given over to tennis , " she added . The ` no ' campaigners , who also include local residents worried about the introduction of night matches and floodlights , have gathered an online petition of over 40,000 signatures and have vowed to fight on . But Gilbert Ysern , the chief executive of the FFT and the man responsible for overseeing the project , told CNN that the protesters fears were groundless . "  I fully respect those who disagree with us but my concern is that most of the opposition is based on a lack of information , false information or false rumors , " he told CNN . "  I would not have supported any project in this gorgeous place that would have destroyed ancient greenhouses , " he added . His assurances over the future of the plant life cuts no ice with Popelin , or that of the Mayor of Paris , Bertrand Delanoe , who campaigned to keep the French Open at Roland Garros . "  The mayor is promising their relocation in an other ` wonderful place ' , located at the floral park in the Bois de Vincennes , " she said . "  But there are no existing greenhouses there and none can be built because this is classified as a protected site . There are only pavilions . But the mayor and his staff can not tell the difference between a pavilion and a greenhouse . "  There is no temperature control , shade or ventilation . " What is not in doubt is that the status quo was not an option with players such as Federer speaking out . "  The players and the fans feel that even if it 's quite a nice experience it 's quite tough to live in every day . We need more room , " he said last year . Ysern spoke with Federer and other leading players when drawing up his plans and found support from five-time French Open champion and World No 1 Rafael Nadal , who wants the tournament to stay at Roland Garros . "  I believe we are going to meet the expectations of the players and the fans , all of those who have a strong attachment to this place , " he said . But others were not so sure about the viability of the extension , with France 's former World No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo voicing her doubts . "  I think that in Paris today we do n't have the possibility to have the necessary space to develop Roland Garros , " Mauresmo told Reuters . "  We are the smallest of the four grand slams and I think it is important to have the chance to grow , and for the public to have more room . " Mauresmo declined to be interviewed by CNN on the topic which has divided opinion in France with many such as Franck Ramella , the chief tennis correspondent of L'Equipe , having conflicting views . "  It looks very strange to put a tennis court on these gardens , it does n't suit the place . "  But the tournament is for only two weeks and if you want to make room there is no other solution , " he added . Popelin is adamant that power politics has played a big part in the decision . "  The mayor of Paris has already lost the Olympics to London  for 2012  and could n't be seen as playing a part in Roland Garros losing the French Open . "  I am a big tennis fan and I love watching the French Open but I am passionate in my opposition of these plans . " Lawmakers in the French capital must decide if they want to make changes to the local urban plan to allow the planned expansion but only the Green Party has expressed outright opposition . Popelin and her followers are not hopeful of the outcome but she says they are prepared to take legal action to protect the botanical gardens and is also speaking with representatives of the three failed bids . "  I have told them not to sell their land for other projects because in perhaps two years I am convinced the French federation will change their mind on this matter , " she added . But again , Ysern has a completely different view and believes that once the political and likely legal process is exhausted that work will start in late 2012 and be finished at an estimated cost nearly $ 340 million by 2016 . "  We are breaking no law here , " he insists . "  We are not ashamed of what we are going to do which will be in the best interests of sport and France . " But even with the controversial expansion it will remain the smallest site of the for four slams , with Wimbledon just over half as big again . "  I do n't care about being the biggest , we have a gorgeous location in a gorgeous city and as long as we have that why should we go anywhere else ? , " said Ysern . "  The best way to protect integrity of the tournament is to concentrate on the unique aspects of our tournament and make it even more unique . "	French tennis federation want to expand French Open venue Roland Garros Plans have met with fierce opposition from environmental campaigners Expansion will take over part of an botanical gardens and adjoining sports centers Move to one of three alternative sites rejected by federation in vote last month
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- If you 're trying to find a job these days , it might help to get rid of your cigarette habit . A hospital in the Atlanta suburbs is the latest employer nationwide that is refusing to hire smokers . Gwinnett Medical Center instituted the policy July 1 , but other hospitals , including Cleveland Medical Center in Ohio , also have the policy . The Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. , the lawn-care giant , has n't hired smokers since 2006 . Steve Nadeau , Gwinnett Medical Center senior vice president of human resources , said the policy is an extension of their efforts to promote better health . "  We believe it 's just supporting good health , we 're a health care provider , " Nadeau said . "  We 've had a smoking prohibition inside ... and outside and it 's just really kind of a natural evolution , " he said . Existing employees who smoke will not be fired . The medical center offers smoking cessation classes and has plans to revamp signage throughout their facility . Nadeau said the response from focus groups and employees has been "  good . " "  We hope it wo n't mean we will lose good employees , but I have no doubt there are going to be folks we wo n't be able to get . From a policy standpoint it 's the right direction for us , " he said . But Dr. Michael Siegel , a Boston University professor of public health , said the policy is an invasion of privacy and keeps qualified medical professionals away . "  From personal experience as a physician , some of the best nurses happen to be smokers , " Siegel said . "  Are you willing to hire staff that is not the best qualified simply because you 're trying to make this point about how bad smoking is ? " Siegel , who is quick to note he supports smoke-free workplaces , said "  regulating someone 's private behavior in their own home ... really represents employment discrimination and has nothing to do with qualifications for the job . If the hospital is so concerned about health , you can make the exact same argument about overweight people . " The rate of smoking among physicians is low , Siegel said . But the rate among nurses is more than 20 percent -- higher than the general population . "  This policy will result in the hospital not hiring the most qualified people . You 're eliminating 20 percent of the population , " he said . The National Institute of Business Management 's website reports that as of 2007 , laws in 30 states and the District of Columbia prohibit employers from discriminating against employees or applicants based on the person 's off-duty use of tobacco . Gary Nolan , a spokesman for Citizens Freedom Alliance : The Smoker 's Club , is annoyed by the ban but supports private businesses ' right to hire anyone they want . "  If you go in for heart surgery , do you really care if your surgeon smokes ? " Nolan said . But in Ohio , Cleveland Clinic officials say the hiring ban in place since 2007 is a success . "  It was a policy directive by our CEO  Dr. Delos Cosgrove  who wanted to fully enhance the idea of a health institution being what it says it is -- a healthy place to work , " said Dr. Paul Terpeluk , Medical Director of Employee Health . "  He felt health care workers should n't be smokers . " Since the policy began , 250 potential employees have failed the drug test for nicotine . Cleveland hires 5,000 employees a year , Terpeluk said . Those who fail the test can reapply in 90 days . "  It does make sense if you 're a health care institution , you want everyone to be as healthy as possible , " he said , adding that employees are also given incentives to lose weight . Hospital officials do n't think the policy affects the quality of employees they hire . "  Cleveland Clinic is a center of excellence and when people apply here they really want to come work at this institution . We do n't want smokers . It 's not in line with our caregiver mission , " he said . Industries outside health care have also dabbled in banning smokers from employment . Scotts Miracle-Gro not only bans smokers from employment , it fires employees who smoke . Jim King , senior vice president of corporate affairs , said the self-insured company decided smokers ' heath care costs were too high . "  Like everybody else , we were looking at wellness and health care and the drivers of health care costs , " King said . Before the policy , 30 percent of Scotts ' 8,000 employees smoked . Now that number is less than 7 percent .	Georgia hospital starts screening smokers out of the hiring process Drug testing of potential employees for nicotine is increasing Experts say the ban is common in the health care industry Thirty states have laws against "  lifestyle discrimination "
CNN  He 's a two-time Olympic gold medalist , successful businessman and has a killer nickname that attests to his daredevil nature on the slopes . But what Ted ` the Shred ' Ligety most wants is a repeat of his triple gold-medal-winning performance at the 2013 Alpine World Ski Championships . The U.S. star took top prize in the Giant Slalom , Super Combined and Super G events in Schladming , Austria , two years ago -- the first time any skier had achieved such a feat since the legendary Jean-Claude Killly did so in 1968 . Now the 30-year-old has his sights firmly set on doing it all again as he prepares to make his first appearance at the 2015 World Championships in Beaver Creek , Colorado . "  It would be awesome to repeat that , " Ligety recently told CNN 's Alpine Edge . "  There 's a reason it has n't been done in 45 years . It 's because it 's so hard , because so many different guys are specializing in different disciplines . " "  To be able to do that in three very different disciplines is a tremendous feat and definitely the biggest achievement of my career . " In the period since he became "  The King of Schladming , " Ligety has gone on to secure Giant Slalom Olympic gold in Sochi  to add to the Super Combined gold he won in Turin 2006  and the fifth World Cup crystal globe of his career in 2014 for the same discipline . Yet he 's far from had it all his own way . "  The Shred " finished way back in 12th and 14th position in the Super Combined and Super G events in Sochi respectively . And he currently lies in 12th position in this year 's overall World Cup standings , way off the impressive pace set by Austria 's Marcel Hirscher . Hirscher has won the overall title for the past three years and is heavily fancied in the giant slalom at Beaver Creek . Other challengers include the in-form Kjetil Jansrud of Norway who has won three downhill events this season and picked up Super G gold in Sochi last year . The likes of Alexis Pinturault , Hans Reichelt and Dominik Paris will also fancy their chances of tearing up Ligety 's dream script . But Ligety feels the intricacies of the Birds of Prey course could help play into his hands . "  The course  is really great in every discipline and downhill it 's probably the most fun course around , " he said , adding that "  the Super G hill is really good for me ... in giant slalom I 've had a tonne of success there over the last five years . " Having the backing of an enthusiastic home crowd will also doubtless help . "  I 've always liked racing in the US , " he said . "  I think it 's kind of an understated disadvantage for North Americans in general having to race World Cups which are generally in Central Europe . " "  So it 's nice to be able to take those Euros out of their element and make them live out of their duffel bags for a couple of weeks and experience the travel side of things . " With the likes of Steven Nyman and Travis Ganong on form and Lindsey Vonn back after a lengthy injury layoff , hopes are high for the U.S. contingent . Some have even suggested this could be the strongest U.S. side ever going into a World Championship . "  We 've got an amazing team right now , " Ligety said . "  I think we have a really good chance to get some medals on the downhill side of things and on Super G ...  there 's  myself and Andrew Weibrecht . "  On the women 's side you have Lindsey  Vonn  who 's already dominating again which is pretty incredible . Mikaela  Shiffrin  , who 's found her stride again in the middle of this year , is dominating ... and winning Giant Slalom as well . "  So I think we have a lot of different athletes on both the men 's and the women 's side that could win a lot of medals . " Ligety reserves particular praise for Vonn who broke the record for all-time career wins with her 62nd World Cup triumph late last month . "  I think most of us are so taken aback by how fast she came back from having a two-year break , " he said . "  Being able to dominate so quickly , I think that 's the biggest thing we 're surprised about . "  I think none of us are surprised that she 's won  now 64  World Cups or something because that was kind of an inevitability I think in a lot of our minds .  But  that 's cool that she 's able to achieve that for sure . " Away from the slopes Ligety has been kept busy building his own Shred brand of ski clothing and equipment in recent years . He describes it as a fusion of the best technical and most stylish gear on the market . So successful has the venture been that some of his biggest rivals on the slopes , like Alexis Pinero and Carlo Janka , have even been spotted using Shred goggles . But the stresses of the business world will be way to the back of Ligety 's mind when race time arrives over the coming weeks . Of more concern will be winning and making the most of the unique set up of the World Championship event . "  I think the World Championships is awesome because there 's so few races we 're racing men and women together so it 's kind of cool to be able to feed off that energy . "  Normally we 'll have a giant slalom and a slalom one place and then you have to ... get in your car and drive a couple of hours and then you go do a downhill and a Super G the next weekend . "  It 's nice to be able to do everything all in one place . The World Championships , like you said , it 's second Olympics . It 's really cool to have those races that really mean a lot and then to be able to do it in the United States is a huge opportunity for us . "	Ted Ligety eyes World Championship success at Beaver Creek U.S. has strong team going into event including likes of Ligety , Steven Nyman and Travis Ganong Ligety has launched his own range of Shred ski gear
London , England  CNN  -- The relatives of five British sailors whose boat apparently drifted into Iranian territorial waters last week voiced relief Wednesday as their sons arrived at a yacht club in Dubai . David Young , father of sailor Oliver Young , said the families met briefly Wednesday morning with Britain 's foreign secretary and his staff , who earlier told relatives that Iran was releasing the men . "  We did say to everybody in there , and to people in Bahrain , and to people in Tehran who have been working on this how much we appreciated their efforts , how well they 've handled the situation and how glad we are to see our boys home , " Young said . The parents appeared at a news conference held in front of the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London . Young had said he was able to speak to his son briefly Monday on a cell phone belonging to one of the other men . The father said he was reassured that the men were being treated well . The British government identified the other sailors as Olly Smith , Sam Usher , Luke Porter and Dave Bloomer . The Times of London said Young and Porter are 21 years old , Usher is 26 , Smith is 31 , and Bloomer is believed to be in his 60s . Bloomer is from Dublin , Ireland , the paper said , and apparently has dual citizenship . Iran 's navy detained the men November 25 as their racing yacht traveled from Bahrain to Dubai for a competition . Iranian authorities said they released the men after determining that they had accidentally wandered into the country 's waters , the semi-official Fars news agency said . The sailors had told relatives that their boat became disabled and was hard to steer . Young said his son told him the group was tense when the Iranians first picked them up , but then everything was "  cool . " Another sailor said they were temporarily blindfolded . The men and their yacht were towed into international waters Wednesday , and representatives from the company that owns the boat , Sail Bahrain , met them to bring them ashore in Dubai . Early Wednesday , after receiving the call that his son , Luke , and his crewmates were going to be freed , Charles Porter spoke informally to reporters near his home . "  It was all fairly nerve-racking last night , " the father said . He said the Foreign Office awakened the family at 5:30 a.m. to tell them the news . Watch the Porters describe getting the call "  We 've spoken to Luke , " Porter said . "  He 's very , very tired . He 's been through a lot . He said that particularly the first couple of days were upsetting . " "  He got the feeling after a couple of days that they realized they were n't dealing with anything sinister , " the father added . Luke Porter 's twin sister , Jess , said she was "  absolutely over the moon -LSB- and -RSB- relieved to hear his voice . We 're such a close family . " British authorities on Tuesday had asked for a speedy resolution in the case , after an Iranian official said the sailors could be dealt with severely if it was determined they had ill intentions . Young said it probably helped that the incident was kept low-key , without a lot of media fanfare . Andrew Pindar , Sail Bahrain chairman , said Tuesday evening that the men had had problems with the boat 's propeller and that that might have caused them to drift into Iranian waters . The father of one sailor said the propeller had fallen off . Assuming that the five men might see Wednesday 's news conference , one reporter asked the parents what they would say to their son . "  I would say do n't get lost on your way to Dubai , " Young said .	Sailors ' parents hold news conference to thank all involved in release Iran detained the men last week after their yacht entered its waters The vessel was traveling from Bahrain to Dubai Authorities : Men freed after it was determined that incident accidental
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Four men were convicted in Germany on Thursday in connection with a foiled terrorist plot against Western targets , court officials said . The men had begun mixing a huge amount of explosive material that could have resulted in a strong blast , bigger than attacks in 2005 on London 's public transport network and the 2004 Madrid railway bombings , authorities said . Three of the men -- two Germans and a Turk -- were arrested in September 2007 . The other was arrested later . The Germans -- Fritz Gelowicz and Daniel Schneider -- were sentenced to 12 years in prison . Turkish citizen Adem Yilmaz received 11 years . Attila Selek , a German citizen of Turkish descent , received five years . Gelowicz , Schneider and Yilmaz were convicted of , among other things , being members of a terrorist organization , court officials said . The men had joined the Islamic Jihad Union in 2006 . Selek received a shorter sentence because he was convicted only of supporting the organization . Three of the men had trained at camps in northern Pakistan with the group that had ties to al Qaeda , German authorities said . The group said it wanted to target the Ramstein Air Base and other U.S. and Uzbek military and diplomatic installations in Germany , German authorities said . The group also wanted to force Germany to stop using an air base in Uzbekistan as a stopover point for moving equipment and personnel in and out of northern Afghanistan . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Authorities say planned blast would have eclipsed London and Madrid bombings Three men convicted of being members of terrorist organization Three had trained in Pakistan camps with group linked to al Qaeda , authorities say
CNN  -- "  Out of an abundance of caution , " American Airlines said Tuesday it would inspect 47 Boeing 757 airplanes after seats on two of the company 's jetliners came loose . A Boeing 757 from Boston to Miami carrying 175 passengers diverted to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport on Saturday when three seats in row 12 came loose shortly after takeoff . A second American Boeing 757 returned to JFK on Monday morning after a similar seat issue was discovered . "  Originally , American planned to evaluate the seats on eight Boeing 757 airplanes , but out of an abundance of caution , the decision was made to proactively evaluate a total of 47 Boeing 757 airplanes that have the same model Main Cabin seats with a common locking mechanism , " company spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said in a statement . "  American 's internal investigation has focused on one of three types of Main Cabin seats on the 757s and how the rows of these three seats fit into the track that is used to secure the rows to the floor of the airplanes . Our maintenance and engineering teams have discovered that the root cause is a saddle clamp improperly installed on the foot of the row leg , " she said . The clamps were used on 47 of the company 's 102 Boeing 757 airplanes . So far , American Airlines has inspected 36 planes and found that six -- including the two involved in the recent diversions -- had seats that were not properly secured . Not all of the seats were loose , the company said , but they had the potential to become so . Eleven aircraft still need to be inspected . Huguely said the seats issue does not appear to be connected to any one work group or maintenance facility , and apologized for any inconvenience to customers . "  Safety is -- and always will be -- American 's top concern , " the spokeswoman said . The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into the incidents of loose seats , which are the latest in a string of woes for American Airlines . Earlier Tuesday , an American Airlines flight from Chicago to London made an unscheduled landing at Shannon Airport in Ireland after a passenger reported a smoky odor , an airline spokesman said . American Airlines Flight 98 , a Boeing 777-200 carrying 246 passengers and 14 crew members , was diverted as a precaution , airline spokesman Ian Bradley told CNN . An inspection revealed that the odor was coming from an overhead fan that had overheated , he said . Niall Maloney , head of operations for Shannon Airport , said such technical diversions are not uncommon . Who wants to fly American Airlines ? The airline has also been beset recently by labor troubles , delays and flight cancellations . American , which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year , persuaded a judge to throw out its contract with the pilots union last month . Since then , the pilots have been engaging in what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month alone . Airline management has blamed the situation on pilots filing what it claims are frivolous reports about aircraft problems . The pilots union has denied management 's assertion . Late Tuesday , a spokesman for the Allied Pilots Association said it would resume contract negotiations with the airline . Tom Hoban said talks could start as early as Wednesday . A company spokesman similarly said that negotiations are set to resume this week . Meanwhile , Robert Gless , deputy director of the Air Transport Division of the Transport Workers Union of America , dismissed the notion that the problems with loose seats were linked to labor issues as "  without any basis in fact . " Seat installation work is largely carried out by outside contractors , rather than maintenance personnel employed by the airline , he said in a statement . "  Problems related to seats are less likely a labor problem , but rather a management issue related to outsourcing work to third-party facilities , " he said . American Airlines plans to increase its use of outside maintenance facilities , including in China and other overseas locations , as it seeks to exit bankruptcy , he added . Seats come loose on two American Airlines flights CNN 's Stephanie Halasz , Saskya Vandoorne , Sherri Maksin , Nick Valencia and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Contract negotiations between the company , pilots are expected to resume this week The company says it found six planes with seats that were not properly secured American Airlines is evaluating the planes "  out of abundance of caution " The airline company has suffered a series of problems in recent months
CNN  -- Despite below-freezing temperatures , divers searched two bodies of water in central Maine on Friday , looking for signs of a toddler last seen more than seven weeks ago . Authorities said there was no initial indication that Friday 's search led to the discovery of anything related to Ayla Reynolds ' disappearance . They added that more searches could be forthcoming . "  If we do n't find anything that can be attributed to Ayla today , we 'll be back again some other day -- maybe someplace else , " said Lt. Kevin Adam of the Maine Warden Service . Ayla 's father , Justin DiPietro , told police he put his then-20-month-old daughter to bed at 8 p.m. December 16 in the first-floor bedroom of their Waterville , Maine , home . He called police the next morning , just before 9 a.m. , to report her missing . Police have said the three adults in the home that night told them "  someone snuck into the house , went into the bedroom where Ayla was sleeping , and no one heard or saw anything . " Yet authorities said days ago -- and Maine Department of Public Safety spokesman Stephen McCausland reiterated Friday -- that there is no evidence of any break-in or kidnapping . "  We still think they know more than what they 've told us , " McCausland said Friday . "  We have grave doubts that an abduction ever took place there . " No arrests have been made related to Ayla 's disappearance , and no one has been identified as a suspect . Nor has there been any public indication of where the girl may be , with McCausland saying authorities are branching out to cover as much area as possible in a hunt for clues . Friday 's search of part of the Kennebec River , near the Carter Memorial Bridge , and Messalonskee Stream , near the North Street bridge , is part of that effort . Both bodies of water had been looked at before , though Adam noted that the divers returned because "  we did n't search them to the amount that we wanted to last time . " He explained that inclement weather prompted divers to twice cancel new searches . Conditions were better Friday , though the area the divers could safely cover was still restricted by daytime temperatures that were below freezing . "  It 's not like diving down in the Keys , " Adam said , noting that divers are underwater for only about 20 minutes at a time . "  It 's 20 degrees out there , and the water is freezing . So it just takes time . Plus , it 's dark . " Testing on blood found in the basement of Ayla 's home determined that some of it belonged to the girl , McCausland said Sunday . A website created by Ayla 's family disclosed the police findings in a posting that same day , saying investigators told them the blood found was "  more ... than a small cut would produce . " Earlier Sunday , McCausland said that while some of the blood found "  was visible to the naked eye , some was n't . " DiPietro , Ayla 's father , sleeps in the basement of the home , which is owned by his mother . He has said that he would never do anything to harm his daughter . "  I have to believe that Ayla is with somebody , and I just want that person to find the courage to do the right thing and find a way to return her safely , " he said in a statement issued soon after the girl was reported missing . When asked Friday about communication between authorities and Ayla 's family , McCausland said , "  There has been contact this week , and we hope that contact will continue . " The state spokesman noted authorities have received more than 700 tips , admitting that the pace has slowed down in recent days . The fears of a worst case scenario are increasing , as time passes , he acknowledged . "  It 's been 48 days , and our concern grows every day , " McCausland said . "  But we remain hopeful that we 're going to find her . "	Ayla Reynolds was 20 months old when she was reported missing in December Divers search two bodies of water near her central Maine home An official say divers did n't appear to find any clues , while promising more searches
Concepcion , Chile  CNN  -- The death toll in Chile was revised downward Thursday as authorities reviewed discrepancies in the reported number of dead in the Maule region . Deputy Interior Minister Patricio Rosende said the casualty count in Maule , originally reported at 587 , included more than 200 people who are missing but not confirmed dead . Therefore , the official nationwide death toll is lower than the 802 figure given by emergency authorities . In an attempt to reduce confusion , Rosende read aloud the names of 279 Chileans who had been killed and identified by Thursday evening . He said he would update that official number regularly . This new tally does not account for hundreds of unidentified victims . With disasters of this magnitude , "  the number of dead change daily , " Rosende said . "  It takes months sometimes to compile the information because one of the biggest problems in the affected areas is the lack of precision and uncertainty at the scene . " Rosende also announced that President Michelle Bachelet has called for three days of national mourning , beginning Sunday . He called Chileans to fly the country 's flag outside their homes as a sign of solidarity for the earthquake 's victims . Bachelet toured devastated parts of central and southern Chile on Thursday , five days after the 8.8-magnitude earthquake . Bachelet first visited the battered seaport of Talcahuano , where a quake-induced tsunami roared through many parts of the city . See scenes of devastation Wearing a blue windbreaker and surrounded by military , local dignitaries and TV cameras , Bachelet walked for several blocks before stopping to make a lengthy statement . "  This is the time for action , " Bachelet said upon her return to the capital Thursday afternoon , where she met with leaders of the Catholic Church . The church has been a partner in providing help in the quake 's aftermath . The top priority remained the needs of those affected , followed by reconstruction efforts , the president said . "  Despite the adversity , despite the challenges , Chile will come out on top , " she said . Monsignor Alejandro Goic shared a note from Pope Benedict XVI expressing sadness for the tragedy and supporting the Chilean people . "  This is the time for unity , " Goic said . Talcahuano , the nearby city of Concepcion and other parts of the region were the hardest-hit areas and the scene of days of looting and lawlessness . Many residents , including the mayor of Concepcion , complained that federal aid was slow in arriving . Some aid still had not arrived Thursday . "  Today we have not received one measure of water from the National Emergency Office , understanding that there are some difficulties , " said Eduardo Soto , mayor of Rancagua in central Chile . Bachelet dispatched more than 13,000 soldiers and other military personnel to restore order in the area . Food and water started to arrive late Tuesday in Concepcion , and officials said they distributed 3,500 aid packages on Wednesday . She later toured Talca , another devastated area . Watch rescue efforts under way President-elect Sebastian Pinera does not take office until March 11 , but he named six officials Thursday to head up recovery efforts . "  Our government will not be a government of the earthquake , " Pinera said in a speech in which he named the six individuals . "  Our government will be a government of reconstruction . " In other developments , the Chilean Davis Cup tennis team will open competition in Coquimbo , Chile , against Israel on Saturday , not on Friday . Team officials and players said they would be playing in honor of the quake 's victims and that they hope to bring the country happiness . "  It will be difficult , but we will do our best for our country , " said player Fernando Gonzalez . Also Thursday , a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit northern Chile , the opposite part of the country devastated by last week 's quake . No immediate reports of damage or injuries have been made . A telethon , dubbed "  Chile Helps Chile " by organizers , was slated for Friday to raise funds for quake victims . Bachelet 's visits to the hard-hit areas came a few hours after new tremors rocked parts of Chile early Thursday . A 4.9-magnitude aftershock struck near the already devastated Maule region about 1:30 a.m. Thursday , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . It came hours after a 6.1-magnitude aftershock struck near Valparaiso , raising fears that already vulnerable buildings could topple . More than 120 aftershocks of 5.0 magnitude or greater have hit Chile since Saturday 's earthquake , USGS geophysicist Don Blakeman said . Concepcion is less than 10 miles inland from Talcahuano , but the two towns suffered very different fates . In Concepcion , fatalities and injuries resulted largely from buildings that had collapsed . Ninety-two people died in Concepcion , police commander Eliecer Solar Rojas told reporters Thursday morning . In coastal Talcahuano , the damage was caused by a tsunami that roared into town about an hour after the quake . When the waters receded , they left large boats stranded inland . In one spot , four shrimping vessels were stacked on top of each other . Much of the port city looked as if a bomb had exploded in it , with buildings reduced to rubble . Full coverage of Chile 's earthquake The greatest number of deaths occurred in the Maule region , where disaster also visited two cities in different ways . In the central city of Talca , an ancient municipality , the earthquake wiped out many older adobe structures , crushing hundreds of residents . Thursday 's early morning aftershock struck about 40 miles north of Talca . In the seaside town of Constitucion , survivors tried to hold on to the little that remained . Saturday 's earthquake had flattened rows and rows of homes , leaving a path of destruction that led to the sea . Many residents had left , but Sofia Monsalve Gutierrez and Emilio Gutierrez stayed near the concrete slab that used to be their home . On Wednesday , they were searching for their 4-year-old son . They had not seen him since he ran from their home and jumped into a boat during the massive earthquake . "  If you know my son , please keep pictures of him . I do n't have any pictures left of him . It 's very important to me , " the mother said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , David Ariosto and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : Casualty count in Maule includes people who are missing but not confirmed dead Chile 's president-elect names six officials to head up recovery efforts President Michelle Bachelet visits hard-hit areas amid complaints over slow aid More than 120 aftershocks rock region after last week 's 8.8-magnitude quake
CNN  -- Five goals from Dimitar Berbatov helped Manchester United move to the top of the English Premier League on Saturday as Alex Ferguson 's team thrashed Blackburn Rovers 7-1 at Old Trafford . The home side were 3-0 up within half-an-hour thanks to two goals from Berbatov and one from Ji-Sung Park . Berbatov completed his hat-trick two minutes after the restart and it was Nani 's turn two minutes after that , as United went 5-0 up before 50 minutes were on the clock . The Bulgarian striker bagged his fourth in the 62nd minute and eight minutes later fired home an incredible fifth to complete a stunning individual performance . Blackburn did manage a late consolation goal courtesy of Christopher Samba but it could n't disguise a woeful display from Sam Allardyce 's team . Arsenal returned to winning ways after their shock midweek 0-2 defeat to Braga in the Champions League . The Gunners move up to second place in the table -- ahead of Chelsea who play on Sunday -- after a 4-2 victory away to Aston Villa . Andrey Arshavin opened the scoring after 39 minutes before Samir Nasri doubled the lead six minutes later with a well taken volley . A Ciaran Clark goal early in the second half gave the home fans hope that a comeback could be mounted , but Marouane Chamakh poked a shot past Brad Friedel minutes later to restore Arsenal 's two goal cushion . Villa halved the deficit once more with 20 minutes to go as Clark scored his second of the match . But Jack Wiltshire made sure of all three points when he headed home in injury time . Manchester City could only manage a point away to Stoke City as they drew 1-1 at the Britannia Stadium . The game looked as though it would end goalless until Micah Richards popped up in the 81st minute to give City the lead . But Stoke 's push for an equalizer finally paid off when Matthew Etherington scored in the second minute of added time . Fifth-placed Bolton Wanderers were lucky to get a point in a 2-2 draw against Blackpool at the Reebok Stadium . A 76th minute strike from Martin Petrov and another from England striker Kevin Davies in the 89th minute cancelled out Blackpool 's two goals scored by Ian Evatt and Like Varney in either half . Everton 's difficulties continued as they were thumped 4-1 at Goodison Park by West Bromwich Albion . The Baggies took the lead after 16 minutes thanks to a Paul Scharner header and Chris Brunt doubled their lead 10 minutes later with a well-struck free-kick . Tim Cahill 's header gave Everton hope before the break but Mikel Arteta sending off for a stamp on Chilean defender Gonzalo Jara made Everton 's task almost impossible . West Brom duly made the extra man pay with a goal from Somen Tchoyi . Youssouf Mulumbu -- who was later sent off for a second bookable offence -- added a fourth to move Roberto Di Matteo 's side up to 11th in the table . West Ham overcame fellow strugglers Wigan 3-1 at Upton Park . Midfielder Valon Behrami opened the scoring for the Hammers after 34 minutes , and goals from Victor Obinna and Scott Parker in the second half sealed the points . Tom Cleverley scored a consolation goal for the visitors four minutes from time . The win means West Ham are now level on points with Wolves who completed a memorable comeback as they beat Sunderland 3-2 at Molineux . Kevin Foley opened the scoring for Mick McCarthy 's men after 50 minutes , before Sunderland hit back with two goals from striker 's Darren Bent and Danny Welbeck . But back came Wolves with goals from Stephen Hunt in the 81st minute followed by Sylvan Ebanks-Blake who scored the winner a minute before the end . Fulham and Birmingham played out a 1-1 draw at Craven Cottage . Sebastian Larsson gave the visitors the lead after 20 minutes , but Clint Dempsey grabbed a point for Mark Hughes 's team with a 53rd minute strike .	Dimitar Berbatov claims five goals as Manchester United thrash Blackburn Rovers 7-1 Arsenal beat Aston Villa 4-2 ; Manchester City draw with Stoke City Everton thrashed at home 4-1 by West Brom ; Wins for strugglers Wolves and West Ham
London  CNN  -- Andy McNab is trying to convince me that being a psychopath is good for business . "  When I look at CEOs , or even political leaders , I do n't want them to have empathy , " he says . "  What I want them to do is to have focus and to make the best decisions possible . "  I want them to be ruthless , " says the ex-soldier with a hint of passion so fierce it risks betraying his claim to "  have no feelings . " If the timbre of McNab 's voice gives much away , his face is inscrutable in the darkened basement room chosen for our interview . His true identity is hidden because of the anti-terrorism operations he was once engaged in as a member of Britain 's elite SAS . McNab is n't even his real name , rather a pseudonym adopted to write the 1993 book , Bravo Two Zero , recounting his time behind enemy lines in Iraq . Trauma , it seems , has been a recurring theme in McNab 's life , which may explain the man 's ability to master his emotions . Left at the door of a London hospital as a baby in a Harrods carrier bag , McNab had a rough upbringing , in and out of juvenile detention in South West London , before finding himself suited to the discipline of the army , which he joined at 19 . Although he was only officially diagnosed as a psychopath four years ago , McNab says he always knew he was different . "  As kids you run around the housing estates in gangs , " he says . "  Well , when the gangs started their smoking and their drinking , it did n't interest me at all ... I was always slightly detached from that . " As a professional soldier , McNab says he first killed a person during his first year in the military and was surprised to have felt no remorse . "  You are in a situation where nine out of ten times in conflict they are trying to do the same to you . So you 've got a responsibility to yourself to stay alive ... you 've got a responsibility to keep everybody else alive , " he says . But what exactly is a psychopath ? And is the disorder a hindrance or can it be a help ? From Charles Manson , to Ted Bundy , the annals of crime history are replete with examples of what you might term traditional -- or dysfunctional -- psychopaths , people capable of carrying out the most abhorrent crimes , those without feeling or the ability establish meaningful relationships . Now after extensive research scientists have begun to realize a scale of less extreme psychopathic traits that may lie in some of us , ones which , if harnessed correctly , McNab says can be a secret weapon . "  When we look at psychopaths , we always look at the Hannibal Lecter-type character . Or Norman Bates , but it 's a broad spectrum , " he says . "  Focus is the key . And , in my line of work , I have found where I am on the psychopathic scale has been nothing but an advantage . " Today , though , the grenades and guns are long gone . McNab saves his fighting talk for the boardroom , coaching top management on how to become better leaders , with a seat on five boards and a new book called The Good Psychopath 's Guide to Success . "  The board room is the same as the situation room , " McNab says . "  Nine out of ten times the decision processes are the same . "  I tell them , get rid of the empathy . Focus on what you 've got to do . The most important thing is the mission , " he says . "  Ask yourself what am I here to achieve ? " And "  empathy , " he concludes , "  does n't help you get there . " While McNab 's message might sound harsh , his doctrine is n't new . In 2011 , Jon Ronson 's book "  The Psychopath : A Journey Through the Madness of Industry " estimated the incidence of psychopathy among CEOs was four times larger than in the rest of society at large . In an interview with Forbes magazine , the journalist said the prevalence of psychopaths in the business world appears heightened because capitalism selects for their specific behavioral features . The psychopath , Ronson tells the publication has been "  hailed and given high powered jobs , and the more ruthlessly his administration behaved , the more his share price shot up . " And nothing makes a share price soar more than news of cost cuts . Which brings me to the question : how does a psychopath fire someone ? McNab , it seems , is often called upon to help navigate this corporate minefield . "  One particular woman I spoke to was brought on board to make about 400 people redundant . She had empathy for these people , for their families , for their mortgages . " "  For her it was -LSB- taking -RSB- a huge emotional toll . And it was a case of sitting down with her and trying to get her to think of it in a different way . " So does McNab think the free market has taken the stigma out of the word "  psycho " to society 's detriment ? "  Certainly if we are looking at capitalism , what we have seen is the ones who step up more tend to be high on the psychopath trait level . That does n't mean to say they 're the Gordon Gekko types . Far from it . " McNab says some two million people have logged on to take his web site 's psychopath test while numerous chief executives have bought his new book . But McNab insists he is n't trying to convert all heads of industry to his unique line of thought . "  We 're not trying to make everyone a psychopath . That would be totally counterproductive . "  What we are trying to do is to clear the decks for them to understand how their brands work , how their brains work , so that they can become more productive . " And to sum up his strategy McNab uses a word rarely mentioned in the context of the psychopath 's condition . "  It 's about striking a balance , " he says . ARE YOU A PSYCHOPATH ? TAKE THE TEST HERE	Andy McNab argues being a psychopath is good for business , and that leaders should not have empathy The former SAS soldier and author is a psychopath and says he always knew he was different He tells Nina dos Santos he did not feel remorse when he killed during his time in the military But McNab says being a psychopath can be a matter of striking a balance
CNN  -- China closed 1,355 small coal mines this year , according to Xinhua , the country 's state-run press agency . The effort is part of a larger plan to restructure the mining industry to prevent deadly accidents and reduce greenhouse gas emissions , Xinhua reported , citing the National Energy Administration  NEA  . China has one of the world 's deadliest records for miners , with poor safety standards accounting for thousands of deaths each year . According to the China Mining Association , the goal is to eventually boost the industry . Small coal mines , which use outdated technology , will be replaced with larger coal mines , increasing capacity . Davitt McAteer , former press secretary for the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration , called the move a response to the consequences of China 's "  unmitigated economic growth . " "  If you emphasize production so much ... and you fail to balance the needs of the individual with the needs of the community , you get all kinds of disasters in terms of health and environment , " he said . China is the largest global producer and consumer of coal , comprising 75 percent of China 's total energy consumption . Approximately 11,000 small coal mines are still in operation .	Effort targets deadly accidents , pollution China will switch to larger mines with newer equipment , increased capacity Coal makes up 75 percent of China 's energy use
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The leader of a shark tour whose customer was mauled to death Saturday was warned that his practice of allowing people to swim close to hungry sharks could lead to tragedy , a colleague said . Markus Groh -- an Austrian lawyer -- died after being gnawed during a dive led by Jim Abernethy 's south Florida company . Groh , 49 , died from loss of blood resulting from the shark attack near the Bahamas , The Miami-Dade Medical Examiner 's Office said . Neal Watson , a president of the Bahamas Diving Association , told CNN he implored Abernethy to stop what Watson considered a dangerous practice : Cageless shark dives specifically targeting dangerous shark species . "  I hate to say I told you so out of respect for the victim 's family , but I 've always said it was n't a matter of whether something like this would happen , it was when , " he said . Abernethy did not return phone calls from CNN seeking comment . The shark dives are advertised on the Web site of his company , Jim Abernethy 's Scuba Adventures . "  Abernethy has been swimming with sharks almost his entire life , and is a pioneer in diving with tiger and great hammerhead sharks , " the site proclaims . "  No one can get you closer , or get you the best photographic opportunities ! " In shark-dive excursions , dead fish and fish entrails are used to attract the sharks and bring them close to the divers . Cageless dives put divers and sharks in close proximity , without a metal underwater cage protecting the diver . Watson told CNN he also offers a cageless shark tourist experience in the Bahamas , but only with less dangerous species : Caribbean reef sharks , blacktip sharks , blacknose sharks , nurse sharks and silky sharks . Shark feeding was banned in Florida in 2001 , so dive operators take customers out to Bahamian waters , Watson said . Watson said that he had sent a letter to members of the Bahamas Diving Association in July 2007 urging them to stop cageless dives with about 10 dangerous species . He said he wrote the letter to everybody , even though Abernethy is the only dive operator he knows of who does it . The letter read in part , "  We recommend all operations immediately cease and desist conducting open-water , non-cage shark diving experiences with known species of potentially dangerous sharks such as tiger sharks , bull sharks , hammerhead sharks , lemon sharks , and mako sharks . ... Purposeful feeding or interaction with these species without a proper shark cage is highly discouraged . " Watson said the letter was copied to the Bahamas government , which he said has not outlawed the practice . Abernethy did not respond , Watson said . E-mail to a friend	An Austrian lawyer died after being attacked by a shark Saturday He was part of a cageless shark tour led by Jim Abernethy 's company Bahamas Diving Association president says he implored Abernethy to stop the tours He says Abernethy 's dives specifically targeted dangerous shark species
CNN  -- Juan Salgado was 16 when he started cutting sugarcane , in a town near the Pacific coast of Nicaragua in 1966 . His symptoms began about 35 years later : Fever . Headaches . Poor appetite . Feelings of faintness . For no obvious reason , his kidneys were severely damaged , to the point that doctors said he could n't do agricultural work anymore . Many of his friends had it worse . "  I know , many , many workers who were colleagues of mine , who have already died , and I know also many who are not capable of working anymore because of the disease , " said Salgado , now 65 , who worked near the town of Chichigalpa , Nicaragua . The disease is known by scientists as "  chronic kidney disease of unknown origin , " or CKDu . In rural communities in Nicaragua , it 's "  creatinina , " the Spanish word for creatinine , a biomarker of kidney strength . At least 20,000 people have died prematurely from this mysterious disease in Central America in the last two decades , according to one estimate , but the real scope of the problem is unknown . The illness is not related to diabetes or hypertension -- drivers of kidney disease in the United States -- and affects primarily young men . The disease is concentrated on the Pacific Coast in male agricultural workers , especially those cutting sugarcane . El Salvador , Nicaragua and Costa Rica seem to be hotbeds of the illness . Scientists believe that a multitude of factors could be contributing to the disease , but that there 's likely at least one factor that is job-related . Making matters tricky , the sugarcane industry has been a provider of funding for major studies on the illness , raising concerns that companies could be influencing the results . In Salgado 's opinion , the Nicaraguan sugarcane industry players "  know well the cause of this disease . " Jason Glaser , a documentary filmmaker and community advocate , is not as sure . It is not yet clear to scientists and industry leaders what is causing this increased incidence of kidney disease . La Isla Foundation , which Salgado co-founded with Glaser in 2008 , is dedicated to improving the well-being of sugarcane workers with the disease and promoting prevention , and is collaborating with researchers to better understand what 's causing this enigmatic illness . The organization is convening a meeting in July with CDC representatives , and researchers from various institutions to explore possibilities for more research . "  This is a complex problem , " said Dr. Reina Turcios-Ruiz , resident adviser at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Central America Regional Office in Guatemala . "  It 's going to take some time to find an answer , but I think it 's important that we stick to it . " "  None of the scientific investigations that have been made have established a link of causality between the sugar activity in Central America , and therefore our company , and CKD , " Ariel Granera Sacasa , spokesperson for Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited , said in an e-mail . Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited is the company that owns Ingenio San Antonio , where Salgado worked for decades . What is CKDu ? In the United States , a typical patient dies of chronic kidney disease their 70s or 80s , said Daniel Brooks of Boston University School of Public Health . But in Central America , men often get it in their 20s or 30s , and die by their 40s or 50s . There are no early-stage signs . When patients experience symptoms such as fatigue , pain and high blood pressure , "  a lot of the kidney function is already gone , " said Brooks , who has been studying the illness . "  In order to be able to help people , they  screenings  need to be done on people who are asymptomatic , " he said . Stage 3 is considered chronic kidney disease , Brooks said . Stage 5 is "  end-stage " -- where the only way to stay alive is to be on dialysis or get a transplant . Different people progress at different speeds . Kidney dialysis and transplant -- both expensive undertakings -- are not accessible to many people in Salgado 's region of Nicaragua . "  The people who are mainly affected are poor workers , typically in agricultural situations , " Brooks said . "  There 's really not much availability of the treatment options . "  Most people just live 'til they die . " Out in the fields Why Pacific regions of Central America are especially affected is a mystery . So is the specific connection to sugarcane cutting . "  Some studies have indicated that greater than 20 % of men may have it in the areas where people are employed in sugarcane , " Brooks said , although there are also high rates of the disease reported in miners and stevedores . To some familiar with the disease , it seems clear that something about sugarcane working conditions is relevant . "  This epidemic is an occupational disease with possibly one or more yet unknown environmental components interacting with occupational dehydration , " said Catharina Wesseling , researcher at the Universidad Nacional in Heredia , Costa Rica , and the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , who has studied the disease . "  The unknown factor  s  may be a pesticide , arsenic , an infectious agent , use of nephrotoxic drugs , or other environmental pollutants . But there is no room for much doubt that chronic dehydration is one major factor . " Wesseling was co-author on a 2012 study measuring markers of kidney function , including creatinine , in 256 men and 408 women in five communities in El Salvador . They found a correlation between markers of decreased kidney function and people who performed labor on lowland sugarcane and cotton plantations . Men had a higher prevalence , but women may still be at risk , the study authors said . In a hot climate , performing physically intense labor , agricultural workers are probably facing dehydration , Turcios-Ruiz said . What 's more , it 's common for the workers to drink sugary soft drinks as they toil , which some mice studies suggest could be an exacerbating factor in kidney failure . "  Acute dehydration has been linked to acute kidney injury . But there has not been evidence that repeated dehydration is related to chronic kidney injury , " Turcios-Ruiz said . There could be a genetic explanation , researchers said . It 's possible that genetics could interact with environmental risk factors , such as those encountered in agricultural work , Wesseling said . One of Brooks ' next studies will look at genetic susceptibility or predispositions that could affect the likelihood of developing CKDu . Another study will test children and adolescents for kidney damage before adulthood . Funding controversies It is troubling that the sugarcane industry is financing research into the causes of CKDu , Wesseling said , because companies have been very resistant to the idea that working conditions could be related . So far , Wesseling 's research has not incorporated industry funding . She has partnered with La Isla Foundation to study the disease further . She and colleagues are looking to do a study that will test different hydration and rest-time protocols . You ca n't do an intervention without the cooperation of the sugarcane companies , she said . "  But you need independent sources to be able to keep your independence . " Upcoming research by Brooks and colleagues will be partially funded by the sugarcane industry , with the money channeled through the CDC Foundation , a nonprofit established by Congress to connect the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to other groups and individuals , Brooks said . "  The donors have no involvement in the research beyond providing funding . The CDC Foundation is administering the grants , " according to the CDC Foundation . There are conflict of interest policies to maintain independence from the funding source , Brooks said . Also , an external advisory board will be established to review the studies . "  CDC is providing technical assistance to Boston University on investigations into chronic kidney disease . Some of these investigations are funded through the CDC Foundation , others are not , " Turcios-Ruiz said . Brooks ' previous studies also received industry funding -- specifically , from Nicaragua Sugar Estates Limited and a professional group to which it belongs , the Comite Nacional de Productores de Azucar . La Isla Foundation would like to work with sugarcane companies on improving working conditions , provided they acknowledge that working conditions could be contributing to the illness , "  and need improvement independent of that , " Glaser said . What can be done ? The rise of CKDu in Central America , on top of conventional cases of kidney disease , is "  overwhelming local health care systems to the point of collapse , " Wesseling and colleagues wrote in 2013 in the American Journal of Public Health . The disease is incredibly expensive , and will break the bank of any ministry of health , said Turcios-Ruiz . Nicaragua Sugar Estates Ltd. has followed recommendations from Boston University to update its protocols on hydration , rest and shade , Granera Sacasa said , and health and security personnel on the fields has doubled to implement these policies . The company is developing a program that "  includes adequate hydration , balanced diet and pauses in the work process to avoid overexertion and fatigue . " Some sugarcane companies have even started screening employees for the kidney disease biomarker before they start work , Brooks said . La Isla Foundation is working on evaluating treatment programs and helping improve the quality of health care for people with the disease . Nicaragua 's health system is "  overwhelmed and underfunded , " said Dorien Faber , public health project coordinator for La Isla Foundation . In El Salvador , Faber and Glaser are looking at how adequate care can be delivered to patients with low resources . "  There are two to three funerals a day when people drop off during the dry season , " said Glaser . "  It 's just a burden for the people . We want to do something that has nothing to do with politics . " Nowhere else to work Salgado is lucky compared to many with CKDu . He has never been on dialysis or needed a kidney transplant . He still has occasional fluctuations in blood pressure , but a low-fat diet and less physical exertion away from the sugarcane fields , have prevented severe kidney failure , according to his colleagues . Salgado said he receives social security of about $ 150 a month because he had been working for so long , but did not receive any compensation from his company , he said . Three of his sons -- ages 26 , 29 , 33 -- work in sugarcane . Two operate machines , one is a cutter . His daughter 's husband , who is like a son to him , works in irrigation . "  There is nowhere else to work , " he said . "  The whole agricultural area is sugarcane . " With few jobs in the area , Salgado 's sons have little choice , but he fears for their health . "  I 'm afraid because I 've seen so many young people who are already in advanced stages , " he said . "  I know many young people of almost the age of my children , who have already left Ingenio San Antonio and can no longer work , and who have an advanced illness , and who are truly already candidates for dying . "	CKDu is a complex health problem with unknown origins The disease is especially prevalent among sugarcane workers Kidney dialysis and transplants are often too expensive for employees Some research on the disease is funded by the sugarcane industry , causing controversy
CNN  -- After months of psychological torment by guards loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , when a commotion arose outside the door of his solitary confinement cell in Tripoli 's most notorious prison , Matthew VanDyke was sure he was going to be executed . But what happened next is sure to be the Baltimore-based adventure writer 's wildest chapter yet . Reached by phone in a safe house in Tripoli , VanDyke , 32 , described a harrowing 30 hours that took him from Abu Salim prison to the safe house under the protection of anti-Gadhafi rebels . The freelance journalist and aspiring travel writer had not been heard from since mid-March , shortly before he was arrested in the city of Brega by forces loyal to Gadhafi . He had been without contact with any family member , government official or aid organization since March 12 , when he last spoke to his mother . Early Wednesday in Tripoli , he said , he heard prisoners yelling and shouting and banging , not unlike the sounds he had heard as guards rousted out other prisoners during his six months of solitary confinement . As he stared at the white walls where he had ticked off the days until he lost track , he thought , "  This is it , they 've come to lynch me . " A hand opened the small slit in the door where his food was passed through . He heard someone angrily shouting and pointing at verses in an open Quran pushed through the door . Not long after , someone hammered off the lock on the door . At first he thought it was a trap , he told his mother by phone , maybe a ruse to get him in greater danger . But then the realization dawned : He had a chance to escape . "  I saw some other prisoners and they were cheering and pointing down the hall , " said an exhausted VanDyke . "  I knew I was free , but did n't know what to do or what was going on . " VanDyke had no possessions to gather up , only a wet and ragged prison uniform . He found a pair of sandals left behind by another fleeing prisoner and then escaped the prison along with hundreds of other inmates . Many of those held in the facility were political prisoners , or had been caught up in crackdowns on rebel sympathizers or on the many battlefields edging closer to the capital . VanDyke joined up with one small group walking through the Abu Salim neighborhood of Tripoli , not knowing that they were in one of the last areas still controlled by Gadhafi loyalists . They could hear explosions and gunfire , but also got news that rebels were taking control of the city . The group made their way to a mosque . There , the imam and other neighborhood leaders were handing out cash , trying to help people desperately short of supplies amid the chaos and electrical blackout in the area . VanDyke said he moved on , to a makeshift hospital where he got some help and directions to a local wealthy person who had access to a working phone . It was there he was able to make his first phone call back to his worried girlfriend , Lauren Fischer , and mother , Sharon VanDyke , back in Baltimore . "  I 've always known he was OK , " Sharon VanDyke told CNN late Wednesday . The retired schoolteacher described the relief and surprise she felt after watching CNN endlessly for days , hoping for news and praying for her son 's safety . Now she and Fischer are focused on getting him out of Libya . VanDyke said he was eventually able to hook up with another escaped inmate who had ties to rebel forces and could speak English . The man gained access to a car and two guards armed with AK-47 assault rifles , and they sped through the night past rebel checkpoints . Eventually he arrived at a house once occupied by an American expatriate couple who had hastily fled in the earliest days of the conflict . VanDyke said the home still had food on the counters , remnants from the last-second escape of the last people there , a welcome windfall for him after months of rancid prison food . And the working phone there was a lifeline to the outside , he added . The writer is one of at least four American civilians who have been freed from Libyan prisons , the U.S. government said Wednesday . "  We can confirm that all U.S. citizens who were known to be detained in Libya have been released , " U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said in a prepared statement : "  The families of those detained individuals have been notified of their freedom and welfare . We remain concerned about the welfare and safety of those U.S. citizens who remain in Tripoli . For safety and privacy reasons we are unable to provide additional details . " VanDyke was surprised to hear that other Americans had been held in the prison and was unaware of their escape or current situations . Having traveled to nearly a dozen Middle Eastern and African countries since 2007 , VanDyke left for Benghazi in late February . Friends there had told him what was happening in Libya during the early stages of the revolution . "  He had a great respect for the people and the country , not the politics , " his mother said . VanDyke 's loved ones are n't certain why he was arrested , although he had a U.S. passport and press credentials when he was seized on a day trip to Brega . By phone , the exhausted writer said he would have a fuller account to tell of his capture after he was able to sleep and recuperate , but he said his arrest had been a surprise and he did not know the reason for it . VanDyke had been confined in two prisons , including Abu Salim , from which he and the hundreds of others escaped Wednesday , one day after rebels seized Gadhafi 's compound in the city . Libyan officials had recently acknowledged VanDyke was in custody . His mother traveled to Turkey in May to seek assistance in his release , but the country had just closed its embassy in Tripoli . His family , which has been assisted by the State Department and U.S. Rep. C.A. "  Dutch " Ruppersberger of Maryland , hopes to see VanDyke in several days . "  He said he was in good physical health , " said his mother . "  He was sorry we did not know for sure he was OK . " Sharon VanDyke said her son was unaware that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had been killed by U.S. commandos in May . She and Fischer , 28 , expect VanDyke , who first went to Libya in 2008 , to complete a book about the people he has met and places he has seen in Mauritania , Iraq , Turkey , Afghanistan , Egypt and other countries . He toured several of those nations by motorcycle . "  Despite everything , I have no problems with Libyans , " VanDyke said , describing his safety and plans in Tripoli . "  But I 'll be determined to stay here to see the end of Gadhafi . "	Matthew VanDyke had been in solitary confinement since March He was arrested in the Libyan city of Brega He was freed Wednesday along with hundreds of others from a prison in Tripoli The Baltimore resident is a freelance journalist and writer
CNN  -- "  You press the button , we do the rest . " The words of Kodak 's first advertising slogan , coined by its founder George Eastman in 1892 , still seem relevant 120 years later , even among rumors that Kodak is considering bankruptcy . With the digital age upon us , the term "  point and shoot " has developed a new meaning . But for those who grew up using -- and developing -- film , there was a lot more to photography than just pointing and shooting . CNN iReport contributor Lynn Kordus found that out the hard way . As a 17-year-old fan of the Beatles , it was only in her wildest dreams that she would attend their concert . Hanging out with them in their dressing room was unfathomable -- until 1965 . "  My most memorable Kodak moment has got to be the day I spent 30 minutes with the Beatles , " she told CNN iReport . Her Kodak Instamatic camera in hand , Kordus went backstage to meet the Fab Four in Bloomington , Minnesota . She realized too late that her one flashcube -- a disposable flash that had four one-time-use flashbulbs -- was missing a bulb . Her father had gone back to the car to get another cube but did n't return before Kordus was whisked backstage . She took photos of John Lennon flipping through a magazine , Ringo Starr acting goofy and George Harrison in the shower room tuning a guitar before her flashcube ran out of juice . She said Paul McCartney -- her favorite Beatle at the time -- looked around for an extra but could n't find one . They took the photo anyway ; the florescent lights brightened the room plenty . A problem of the film age : Not realizing until too late that the image would be underexposed . Without the additional light from the flash , the photo was too dark and did n't turn out . Her photo set with the Beatles was incomplete . "  My loss , " she said . But having those other images made the surreal experience come to life . Not only did she have proof of her visit for others to see , but she said it was also validating for her : "  It really did happen . " Photos : Kodachrome collection looks back at mid-century America Professional photographer and iReport submitter Lee Gunderson has been shooting with a Kodak since he was a kid , mastering his photography skills with the help of his father since age 4 . The company 's purportedly inevitable Chapter 11 saddens him . "  Kodak set the bar on color contrast , saturation and the parameters of color I look for , " he said . This was something Gunderson believes Kodachrome in particular really excelled at . It was this film that National Geographic photographer Steve McCurry used for his famous 1985 "  Afghan girl " image . Kodak stopped manufacturing that line of film in 2009 because it represented less than 1 % of the company 's film sales . Mastering film is n't easy , Gunderson said . "  You get good really quick or you go broke , " he added . "  It 's not like digital photography where you click away at no cost . " While he still uses film , Gunderson has noticed a sharp drop in its availability in stores . When processing fees are added -- at around $ 50 a roll -- the price jumps quickly . Still , he said , the quality just is n't there with digital , so for special occasions he still uses film -- and Kodak 's Ektachrome 100 is one of his favorites . "  Kodak 's trademark was rock solid , " he said of growing up with the brand . "  It always performed ; it was always reliable . " The popularity and usability of Kodak 's cameras changed the way the world captured precious "  Kodak moments . " "  The Instamatic was the proverbial point-and-shoot , " iReporter Kordus said . "  I liked the ease of shooting photos . It was simple . You did n't have to learn a lot . " "  Kodak film was the bread and butter of my career , " Gunderson said . The brand will be missed , he added . See more Kodak moments on CNN iReport .	Amid rumors of Kodak 's bankruptcy , iReporters sent in their favorite ` Kodak moment ' Lynn Kordus ' most memorable Kodak moment was with the Beatles Lee Gunderson 's favorite Kodak film is Ektachrome 100
CNN  -- Joan Rivers did n't consider herself to be one of the boys . And for that , we can be grateful . Over the course of her nearly 50-year career , Rivers rummaged through , flipped over and laughed at all the facets of being a woman -- from the '60s - era pressure to marry to the reality of aging in a youth-obsessed business -- without ever succumbing to the expectations of what a woman stand-up comedian was "  supposed " to sound like . "  Every woman in comedy is indebted to her , " Amy Poehler , "  Saturday Night Live " veteran , said upon Rivers ' death Thursday at the age of 81 . "  She was there at the beginning and funny to the end . " Joan Rivers dies at 81 The path Rivers helped carve leads us straight to female stand-up powerhouses such as Kathy Griffin , Sarah Silverman and Amy Schumer , all of whom are as fearless in their humor , and whom they direct it toward , as Rivers was . But when Rivers began her stand-up career in the late '50s , that brazenness was unheard of -- for women , at least . "  I was talking about having an affair with a married professor and that was n't a thing a nice Jewish girl talked about , " Rivers told author Yael Kohen in Kohen 's book , "  We Killed : The Rise of Women in American Comedy . " "  I was talking about my mother , desperate to get my sister and me married . I was talking about my gay friend Mr. Phyllis , and you just did n't talk about that . It sounds so tame and silly now , but my act spoke to women who were n't able to talk about things . " Initially , Rivers wanted to be an actress , and took up temp work while she pursued her goal . But when a fellow secretary pointed out that she could get paid for all the jokes she was landing around the office , Rivers tried her hand at comedy . "  I had no idea what I was doing . The white men were doing ` mother-in-law ' and ` my wife 's so fat ... ' jokes , " Rivers recalled in a 2012 Hollywood Reporter essay . "  When I went onstage , that just did n't feel right . So I just said , ` Let me talk about my life . ' " Rivers : A pointed , pioneering comedian She was n't alone : George Carlin , Woody Allen and Bill Cosby -- classic comedians who were then on the rise -- all mined their personal lives for laughs . But although they were "  coming up at the same time " as she was , and had similar instincts about humor , Rivers still did n't quite fit in . "  I never was one of the guys , " Rivers wrote in THR . "  I was never asked to go hang out ; I never thought about it until later . They would all go to the Stage Delicatessen afterward and talk . I never got to go uptown and have a sandwich with them . So , even though I was with them , I was n't with them . " And maybe all the better for it . Once she got her big break in 1965 on Johnny Carson 's "  The Tonight Show , " Rivers made a name for herself as a woman who would talk frankly and freely about what that meant . The female body , her sex life , the politics of dating and relationships -- everything was fair game , and she saw no need in putting anything delicately . A 1967 appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " might seem dated with its references to the single life , but Rivers ' indignation at the disparity between men and women is righteously honest  and , honestly , not that out of place with today  . "  The girl has to be the one that 's bright , and pretty , and intelligent , a good sport -- ` Howard Johnson 's again , hooray , hooray ! ' " Rivers sarcastically pantomimed to the audience 's delight . "  It just kills me ! A girl , you 're 30 years old , you 're not married , you 're an old maid . A man , he 's 90 years old , he 's not married , he 's a catch . It 's a whole different thing , is n't that so ? " she asked , as the audience applauded . Joan Rivers : Hollywood mourns a friend That chatty style made Rivers an obvious pick for her own talk show , and she proved it as Carson 's guest host and frequent stand-in on "  Tonight . " It was there , as one People magazine critic proclaimed , that she could be "  the bitchy queen of late night whose humorous bark left bite marks . " After shifting perceptions through Carson 's show , Rivers stepped out on her own in 1986 with "  The Late Show Starring Joan Rivers . " The program only lasted for eight months , but it nonetheless broke the rules ; Rivers was the first woman to command her own late night talk show , and is still to this day one of the few women who 've broken into late night TV 's notorious boys club . "  You have to be extraordinarily strong without them seeing you be that , " Rivers told CNN of her experience in late night in 2013 . "  You 're a lion tamer . You have to be in total command , but you still have to be feminine , and you still have to be funny , and you still have to be inquisitive -- it 's a very tough thing , and it 's tough for women because you do n't expect a woman to take control . Still . " But they are . From Chelsea Handler , who 's ending a top run on E! to build something new at Netflix ; to Schumer , who just earned her first Emmy nod for her Comedy Central show ; to media titans like Ellen DeGeneres and Whoopi Goldberg -- the women who followed Rivers have n't all been as controversial , but they have all shown traits of her dogged persistence . Opinion : Joan Rivers gave misfit girls a permission to dream Kathy Griffin is perhaps one of the most shining examples . Like Rivers , Griffin has a talent for nailing celebrities to the wall with a smile , while simultaneously flaying herself . Nowhere was that more evident than her Emmy-winning reality show , "  Kathy Griffin : My Life on the D-List , " a self-deprecating examination of how Griffin was trying and failing to climb the Hollywood ladder . It 's not hard to imagine that if Rivers had been born a few decades later , she would 've made a similar show .  After all , Rivers kept working hard right up until her passing , starring in reality shows with her daughter , Melissa , and gleefully torturing celebrities on E! 's "  Fashion Police . " Reflecting on Rivers in the comedian 's 2010 documentary , "  A Piece of Work , " Griffin summed up the late legend 's impact thusly : "  Much in the way that Phyllis Diller paved the way for her , " she said , "  I would n't be doing this if it was n't for Joan . "	Joan Rivers helped break the mold for women in comedy She got her start speaking "  to women who were n't able to talk about things " During her stand-up , she spoke frankly about being a woman The following generations of women comedians have thanked her for opening doors
CNN  -- Hints emerged Monday that China may terminate its controversial system of labor prison camps this year . The proposal to stop using the system was put forth at a working conference by the country 's most senior law enforcement official , Meng Jianzhu , according to a post by the state-run CCTV on its Sina Weibo microblogging account . Meng is the secretary of the Chinese Communist Party 's Central Politics and Law Commission . The proposal requires the approval of the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress -- the country 's legislature -- although it is largely a rubber-stamp formality . Opinion : Corruption as China 's top priority The CCTV post was later deleted , as well as a post quoting it by the state-run Xinhua news agency . A post on the topic by the People 's Daily , the official Communist Party newspaper , also disappeared on Weibo . However , Xinhua later wrote that the system would be reformed  albeit with no mention of its abolishment  on its English Twitter account , and English and Chinese news websites . Read more : Censorship protest a test for reform-minded China Under the "  laodong jiaoyang " or "  re-education through labor " system , petty offenders , such as thieves , prostitutes and drug abusers , are imprisoned for up to four years in labor camps without a judicial hearing . The United Nations Human Rights Council estimates there are 190,000 inmates in 320 such centers across the country . Critics say the camps , which fall outside of the formal prison system , are often misused to persecute government dissidents , including intellectuals , human rights activists , and followers of banned spiritual groups like the Falun Gong . Two high-profile cases that became public last year generated a massive backlash , forcing the government to address the thorny issue . In one case , a mother was sentenced to 1.5 years in a labor camp for "  disrupting social order " after she repeatedly petitioned officials to execute men convicted of raping her 11-year-old daughter . In another case , a young village official was sent to a labor camp for two years for retweeting Weibo posts deemed seditious . Recent official sentiment has indicated that reform , if not abolishment of the system , is needed . The camps date back to the 1950s when the new Communist regime sought to silence its enemies to consolidate its power . Read more : Chinese journalists in rare protest against censorship In October , a senior official in charge of judicial system reform acknowledged that reforms were necessary and underway , according to Xinhua . "  The system was designed to maintain social order , prevent and reduce crimes by reforming people who committed minor offenses but were not punishable by the penal code , " the Xinhua editorial went on to say . "  It did play an important role in maintaining social order in specific periods , however , with the development of society and the legal system , its defects have become more and more evident . " Read more : China 's tightened traffic rules stir debate CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	China may terminate controversial system of labor prison camps this year State media reported most senior law enforcement official proposed to stop using system Petty offenders jailed up to 4 years in labor camps without judicial hearing Both human rights activists and government say reforms necessary
CNN  -- Libya has withdrawn as hosts of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations tournament because of ongoing security issues in the country , the Confederation of African Football  CAF  has announced . The decision follows a meeting between Libyan sports officials and CAF president Issa Hayatou at CAF headquarters in Cairo , Egypt on Friday August 22 . A statement published on the CAF website Saturday said that "  owing to the unstable security situation in the country , Libya would not be able to host the Afcon in 2017 . " CAF secretary general , Hicham El Amrani has informed all 54 member associations of the decision , CAF 's official website reported . New bids to host the 2017 tournament will now be accepted with a deadline for submission of September 30 2014 . "  The CAF Executive Committee will select a host country whose dossier guarantees that accommodation , transportation and hotels facilities , as well as training sites and stadiums already exist , " a CAF statement said . A decision on a new host country will be made in 2015 . Libya was scheduled to host the 2013 tournament but had to pass on hosting duties to South Africa for security reasons . Read more : Libya 's footballers in the firing line Read more : Nigeria win 2013 Africa Cup of Nations Read more : Fighting intensifies in Libya	Ongoing security issues in North African country force AFCON withdrawal Libya was due to host 2017 tournament CAF will now accept bids from other 54 members Decision on new host expected to be made in 2015 , CAF said
CNN  -- When a teenage gunman opened fire at students in a high school cafeteria in Washington state , a relative said , he was not shooting at random targets . Jaylen Fryberg , who witnesses said gunned down students at Marysville-Pilchuck High School , is the cousin of two of the wounded . "  All three of them are cousins , and they live right close to each other , " Don Hatch told CNN affiliate KOMO . His 14-year-old grandson , Nate Hatch , is among four wounded in the rampage Friday that left Fryberg and a female student dead . The boys were close friends , nearly inseparable , Hatch said . They even went to a school dance together last week , where Fryberg was named the freshman class homecoming prince . "  Only God knows what escalated this . Only God knows , " Hatch said , according to KOMO . "  Nobody pushed a button with bullying . It 's just something that happened , and we do n't know why . " Hatch said he forgives Fryberg and plans on visiting his family . "  I 'll say , ' I feel for you and I 'll pray for you , ' " he said . Authorities have not publicly identified the shooter or the student he killed . The shooter died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , Marysville police spokesman Robb Lamoureux said . Wounded in intensive care The wounded -- two girls and two boys -- are in intensive care in hospitals in Seattle and Everett . The boys , identified as cousins 15-year-old Andrew Fryberg and Nate Hatch , are at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , Susan Gregg , the hospital 's spokeswoman , said . Fryberg is in critical condition and Hatch is listed in serious condition , she said . The girls were identified as Shaylee Chuckulnaskit and Gia Soriano , both 14 , according to Providence Regional Medical Center Everett 's chief medical officer Dr. Joanne Roberts . They were in critical condition with head injuries . At a news conference Saturday , Roberts read a brief statement from Soriano 's family : "  Our family is in shock . We appreciate your thoughts and prayers during this tragedy . Our hearts go out to the other victims and their families . " Roberts said dead tissue was being removed from the girls ' head wounds and surgery was conducted to allow their brains to swell and contract . "  The next three days are going to be crucial , " she said . Of the victims ' families , Roberts said : "  They are having all of the reactions that you or I would have if we were in their circumstances . Much of the day yesterday was spent trying to make identification . That was terribly stressful for them . We 've seen tears . We 've seen anger . They are just grieving . " Lunchroom in shock Investigators in Marysville , about 34 miles north of Seattle , have not provided details on the shooting , but students offered up accounts that painted a terrifying , chaotic picture . Fellow student Jordan Luton was finishing his lunch in the cafeteria when he heard a loud bang . He saw Fryberg go up to a table of students , "  came up from behind ... and fired about six bullets into the backs of them , " Luton told CNN . "  They were his friends , so it was n't just random . " Freshman Rachel Heichel was sitting at a table about 60 feet from Fryberg . When the shots started , she turned around and saw the shooter standing there . "  When I saw him , I was like , ` Oh my God , that 's Jaylen . ' I would have never expected it would have been him , out of all people , " she said . School in scramble Someone called 911 , and by 10:40 a.m. , police swarmed the building , guns readied . They went room to room , placing tape over doors to mark the ones they 'd secured . "  I 've got 30 students at the gym ready to go to the northwest , " police could be heard saying over radio . "  We 're going there to evacuate more students . " Then they came upon the gunman 's body . The Snohomish County sheriff 's office said Saturday that investigators interviewed more than 100 students and confirmed that "  a cafeteria worker attempted to stop the shooter . " The Beretta .40 - caliber handgun believed used in the shooting has been traced to Fryberg 's father , a law enforcement source told CNN . It was bought at Cabela 's in Tulalip , Washington , a federal source said . Grief , disbelief It was hard for Luton to make sense of the shooting . "  I have no idea what his motive was because yesterday at football practice , he was all fine , talking ... having a good time , " he said . "  And then today , just horrible . I do n't know what went through his head or what caused him to do it . " Alex Pietsch , a sophomore , told CNN on Saturday that the shooting keeps replaying in his mind . By all accounts , Fryberg was a popular student . Just a week ago , he had been named the high school 's freshman homecoming prince , according to a YouTube video of the ceremony and accounts provided by students to CNN . "  It 's weird to think about , because you see him and he is such a happy person , " Pietsch said . "  You never really see him be so angry and so upset . ... People were telling me who it was when I was getting in my mom 's car and I was like , ` What ? This is not happening . ... This is crazy . ' It was just surprising to me that him out of all people would be the one . " Multiple social media accounts in Fryberg 's name depict him frequently hunting and using rifles . Those accounts say he was a Native American and a member of the Tulalip Tribe . But a Twitter account in his name gave a very different picture , that of a teenager with a broken heart . Luton could not confirm reports that Fryberg had been bullied . But two weeks ago , according to Luton , Fryberg got into a fight after somebody said "  something racist " to him . Who was Jaylen Fryberg ? CNN 's Carma Hassan , Ray Sanchez , Susan Candiotti , Jake Tapper , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , AnneClaire Stapleton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Only God knows what escalated this , " a relative of the shooter says Two male victims have been identified as Andrew Fryberg and Nate Hatch Two others identified as Shaylee Chuckulnaskit and Gia Soriano , both 14 Official : The gun has been traced to the shooter 's father
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Over-the-counter cold and cough medicines do n't work for children under age 6 , and giving the common medicine to young children can not be recommended , a Food and Drug Administration advisory committee said in October . An FDA panel has called for more studies on how cold medicines affect children . The panel of health experts , which looked at how safe and effective antihistamines , decongestants , antitussins and expectorants are in children , said it is not appropriate to take data from adults and apply it to children under 12 . After a two-day hearing , the panel called for more studies about how the medicines affect children . Although the panel 's recommendation is nonbinding , it could lead to changes in how cough and cold medicines are used . The votes are to be taken into consideration by FDA regulators , who might take action against the products at a later time . Dr. Jeff Jenkins , of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , said it could take a year or even years for the agency to make a final decision on the recommendations . During the panel 's meeting , the experts looked at a number of proposals , including whether multiple-symptom over-the-counter pediatric cough and cold medicines should be banned for children under 6 years old . FDA experts voted 13-9 that certain cold medicines with certain ingredients should not be used by young children . The committee said medicines with the same ingredients could be used by children ages 6 to 12 . The experts voted unanimously to require that standardized dosing devices accompany all liquid medicines , in an effort to reduce the likelihood of excessive or unintentional overdosing . Separately , the committee voted to allow marketing of multiple-symptom products to children between the ages of 2 and 12 if new research showed the products to be safe and effective . Combination products can be particularly susceptible to problems with overdosing because parents sometimes do n't realize they are duplicating ingredients . Committee members also emphasized the importance of proper and easy-to-read labels . Dr. Daniel Rausch , director of the pediatric hospital program for New York University , said that cold medicine is effective only at doses that are too strong for young children . Rausch recommends a more traditional treatment where dosing is n't a problem : chicken soup . "  A cold does not kill , so people should just relax , " Rausch said . "  Kids get sick and there 's nothing that people can do about it , but they will get better . " About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States , many using multiple ingredients that have been marketed for use in children for some 30 years . Earlier this year , the FDA completed a review that found that between 1969 and the fall of 2006 , there were 54 reported child deaths from decongestants and 69 from antihistamines . Watch one family 's tragic ending " Most of the deaths occurred in children under 2 . In August , federal health officials recommended the "  consult your physician " advice to parents on the labels of cold and cough medicines aimed at young children be replaced by a warning not to use the medications in children under 2 unless directed to do so by a health care provider . Before the FDA hearings , some of the leading manufacturers of cold and cough medicines announced a voluntary recall of more than a dozen cold medicines for infants . The Consumer Healthcare Products Association said the products were being pulled "  out of an abundance of caution . " Potential misuse of the medications , not product safety , is driving the voluntary withdrawal , the group said . The American Academy of Pediatrics applauded last week 's decision to pull those products , saying , "  These medicines are ineffective and can have serious side effects . There are other ways to treat cold symptoms . " The AAP suggests : When the drug industry voluntarily withdrew products last week , it insisted that when used as directed , the drugs are safe , and they work . "  Parents can continue to trust over-the-counter cough and cold remedies for their children , " said Linda A. Suydam , president of the Consumer Healthcare Products Association . "  We strongly encourage parents to adhere to the recommended dosing instructions for all medicines , recognizing that the vast majority of adverse events associated with their use are due to inadvertent overdosing and misuse . " Suydam said CHPA will be launching a major educational campaign for parents and caregivers in coming months . Baltimore Health Commissioner Dr. Joshua Sharfstein headed the push that led to the FDA hearing . He became alarmed when four Baltimore children died after their parents gave them excessive doses of cold medicines . Until those deaths , he did not realize that a dose of cold medicine could turn into a life-and-death issue among young children , he said . E-mail to a friend	Panel : No evidence that the over-the-counter medicines help young children More study sought about how cough , cold medicines work in children About 800 pediatric cough and cold products are sold in the United States Pediatrics group suggests "  other ways to treat cold symptoms "
EW.com  -- Identity Thief  CinemaScore : B  fared even better than expected , bringing in $ 36.6 million over the weekend across 3,141 theaters . For comparison , Melissa McCarthy 's last major film Bridesmaids  though it was in a supporting role  opened at $ 26.2 million , in 2,918 theaters . With an opening like this , big things are surely expected from Seth Gordon 's R-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $ 35 million production budget . Though Bateman and Gordon had a successful run with Horrible Bosses after a $ 28.3 million opening weekend in July 2011 , Bateman has n't had this kind of luck with most of his starring roles . Universal 's The Change-Up  with Ryan Reynolds  opened at $ 13.5 million in August 2011 and went on to gross only $ 37.1 million domestically , on a $ 52 million production budget . Jonathan Levine 's Warm Bodies took second place for its second weekend with $ 11.5 million , bringing its domestic total to $ 36.7 million . This breaks Levine 's record , beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature , the cancer dramedy 50/50 with Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt , which brought in $ 35 million . The R-rated Hitchcock-style , prescription-drug thriller Side Effects  CinemaScore : B  ended up beating director Steven Soderbergh 's January 2012 weekend opening of Haywire , earning $ 10 million weekend this weekend and averaging $ 3,845 per theater . We talked a little bit about stars Rooney Mara and Channing Tatum 's box office history yesterday . Another star of Side Effects is Jude Law , and he 's got a varied track record at the box office . He generally participates in ensemble casts -- Anna Karenina , the Sherlock Holmes franchise , Soderbergh 's Contagion , The Holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive . Side Effects has Soderbergh 's name and another strong ensemble , and could go on to a respectable run , even though it wo n't reach Contagion heights  the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $ 76 million  . EW reviews : ` Identity Thief ' Rounding out the top five are Silver Linings Playbook and Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters . The Academy Award-nominated Silver Linings Playbook is now at a cool $ 90 million domestically . The Weinstein Company 's $ 21 million David O. Russell feature is steadily on its way to becoming a $ 100 million movie . This would be a first for Russell whose The Fighter came close with $ 93.6 million in domestic grosses . The $ 83 million Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters came in fifth place this weekend with $ 5.8 million , bumping its domestic total to $ 43.8 million . Notably , the Jeremy Renner vehicle is doing quite well overseas with $ 84 million . 1 . Identity Thief -- $ 36.6 million 2 . Warm Bodies -- $ 11.5 million 3 . Side Effects -- $ 10 million 4 . Silver Linings Playbook -- $ 6.9 million 5 . Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters -- $ 5.8 million EW reviews : ` Side Effects ' Top Gun 3D also opened in 300 theaters to a $ 1.9 million weekend , and awards favorite Argo expanded its release to bring in $ 2.5 million , bumping its domestic total to $ 123.7 million . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Identity Thief " scored $ 36.6 million in its opening weekend In comparison , McCarthy 's last major film "  Bridesmaids " opened at $ 26.2 million "  Warm Bodies " took second place
CNN  -- A group of Republican senators drafted an alternative stimulus measure that narrows government spending to infrastructure programs and helping unemployed Americans , addresses the housing crisis and relies mostly on tax cuts . Sen. Mel Martinez has been working with GOP senators on an alternative to the current stimulus plan . The $ 713 billion plan was put together by Florida Sen. Mel Martinez , who has been working with a handful of other GOP senators . The proposal includes $ 430 billion in tax cuts , $ 114 billion for infrastructure projects , $ 138 billion for extending unemployment insurance , food stamps and other provisions to help those in need and $ 31 billion to address the housing crisis . The draft Martinez put together is a broader approach than what some GOP leaders have suggested . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and other Republicans appear to want to limit the stimulus to tax cuts and addressing the housing crisis . But the draft is more narrow than the Democrats ' plan because it eliminates spending on government programs that Republicans and some Democrats say should n't be in the bill because they do n't create jobs . Martinez has just started showing the plan to his colleagues , and it is too early to tell how much traction this idea will get among other lawmakers . McConnell on Monday dismissed the idea that Republicans are trying to block passage of the economic stimulus plan . "  Nobody that I know of is trying to keep a package from passing , " he said at a news conference Monday . "  We 're trying to reform it . " The House last week passed an $ 819 billion stimulus bill without a single Republican vote , despite Obama 's efforts to work with both sides of the aisle . The House version is two-thirds spending and one-third tax cuts . Of concern for Republicans has been how much of the money will be spent in the near future . An analysis released Monday by the Congressional Budget Office estimated the stimulus plan before the Senate would use 78 percent of the proposed funding  including the lost revenue from tax cuts  by the end of fiscal year 2010 . Sixty-four percent of the House bill would be put to use during the same period , according to the report . Much of the $ 550 billion in spending is divided among these areas : $ 142 billion for education , $ 111 billion for health care , $ 90 billion for infrastructure , $ 72 billion for aid and benefits , $ 54 billion for energy , $ 16 billion for science and technology and $ 13 billion for housing . Republicans have blasted numerous measures in the package , such as funding for veterans in the Philippines , sod on the National Mall and honey bee insurance . On Monday , Senate Democrats dropped two controversial spending programs in the Senate economic stimulus bill : $ 75 million for anti-smoking programs and $ 400 million for the prevention of sexually transmitted diseases and HIV . Two Democratic leadership sources told CNN on Monday that the Democrats dropped the programs as a "  symbolic gesture " to show Republicans they are listening to their objections . But one of the Democratic sources also said , "  It 's hard to explain when you 're in the midst of a crisis why these programs are important . When people are struggling and thinking about their jobs , it 's hard to make that connection . " Republicans , and even some Democrats , have been pointing to both of these items as prime examples of "  excess spending " that does n't belong in the stimulus bill . The CBO analysis said the stimulus plan before the Senate would increase the deficit by $ 885 billion over the next decade -- about $ 64 million more than the bill passed by the House last week . The cost difference is due in large part to a provision in the Senate bill that would "  patch " for one year the Alternative Minimum Tax so that it does n't start to hit middle - and upper-middle-income families . Sen. John McCain said Monday that he would not be able to vote for the Senate bill in its current form . Watch McCain explain why he 'd vote no " The former GOP presidential nominee said President Obama and Democrats will have to "  seriously negotiate " with Republicans if they want to pass a stimulus plan with bipartisan support . "  I think we are clearly prepared to sit down , discuss , negotiate a true stimulus package that will create jobs , " McCain said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  But now it 's time , after the way it went through the House without any Republican support . It 's been rammed through the Senate so far . We need to seriously negotiate . We have n't done that yet . " McCain said he 's been working with fellow Republican senators to come up with a plan that eliminates policy changes that have nothing to do with job creation . He said the way to separate what 's pork and what is n't is by asking two things : Does it take effect in the next year or so ? And does it create jobs ? One change already made in the Senate version is the addition of $ 71 billion to fix the Alternative Minimum Tax , which was intended to place a tax on the wealthy but now hits many middle-class families . The Senate bill also adds a $ 300 payment to seniors , disabled people and others who ca n't work and suspends taxes on the first $ 2,400 on unemployment benefits . Meanwhile , House Republican leaders put out a list of more than 30 "  wasteful " provisions in the Senate version of the stimulus , including :  A $ 246 million tax break for Hollywood movie producers to buy motion pictures  $ 650 million for the digital television  DTV  converter box coupon program  $ 248 million for furniture at the new Department of Homeland Security headquarters  $ 600 million to buy hybrid vehicles for federal employees  $ 1 billion for the 2010 Census Asked if it would be better for the president to offer up two separate bills -- one for job creation and another for programs Democrats think were neglected during the Bush years -- Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , said that "  might be a better way to bifurcate the issues . " "  But , at times , you put things together because of the efficiency of getting something done , " he said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And there 's no pork in this . Let me say that right away . But there may be some sacred cows . " Nelson and Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , spent the weekend scrubbing the bill of spending that does not narrowly target job and economic growth so moderate Republicans and conservative Democrats will be more likely to vote for it . President Obama said Monday that both parties need to work together so that a bill can be passed quickly . "  There are still some differences between Democrats and Republicans on the Hill , between the White House and some of the products that have been discussed on the Hill , " he said . "  But what we ca n't do is let very modest differences get in the way of the overall package moving forward swiftly . " Obama 's remarks came after meeting with Vermont Gov. Jim Douglas , a Republican governor who supports the economic stimulus program . The president also was meeting Monday with Democratic congressional leaders . Obama said Sunday he 's confident that his economic package will have Republican support once the final plan is hammered out . "  I 've done extraordinary outreach , I think , to Republicans because they had some good ideas . And I want to make sure that those ideas are incorporated , " he said in an interview with NBC . "  We 're going to be trimming up -- things that are not relevant to putting people back to work right now , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	NEW : Some GOP senators have put together $ 713 billion alternative Sen. Mitch McConnell wants bill "  dramatically different " from House version Sen. John McCain says there have n't been serious talks with Republicans yet Bill passed in the House without any Republican support
CNN  -- Doing your holiday shopping online is generally preferable to braving the season 's frantic mall crowds , slow moving checkout lines and tiresome holiday background music . But do n't get too relaxed . There are still some security precautions everyone should take before sharing payment information online . Increasingly , people are using their smartphones and tablets for online shopping . There was a 190 % in mobile purchases this year on Cyber Monday , and 193 % jump on Black Friday , according to mobile payments company PayPal . The shift to mobile presents its own unique security challenges , including malware apps and text phishing scams . Here are online shopping security tips to keep in mind all year round , on all your devices . Check for "  HTTPS " Not all webpages are equally secure . Before entering any personal or payment information , make sure to look up at your browser bar . The URL should start with HTTPS , not HTTP . That one letter on the end , S , is the difference between a secure site and an unsecured site . Bing takes on Google in fight for holiday shoppers A secondary thing to look for is the small lock icon in your address bar . This lock indicates that you have an SSL  secure sockets layer  connection . The icon is standard for most popular browsers , including Internet Explorer , Chrome , Safari and Firefox . On mobile devices , the address bar is tinier and easier to overlook . Do a little pinch-and-zoom to locate the S before sharing your payment information . Watch your WiFi Shopping from mobile devices means an increased chance you 'll be on an unfamiliar WiFi network . "  Only window shop on public WiFi , " recommends Derek Halliday , lead security product manager at Lookout , a mobile security company . Holiday shoppers share tips for buying American Avoid entering your credit card number or other private information when you 're on an unsecured , public WiFi connection where people could snoop . Wait until you are back at home or work . Vet the vendors and apps The Internet is packed with stores , some reputable and others downright shady . While bargain hunting , it can be tempting to make your purchase from the site offering the lowest price , but take a moment to research any vendors you 're not familiar with . "  If something seems to good to be true , it probably is , " says Claudia Lombana , a PayPal shopping specialist . Before you hand over your payment information , do a quick search for reviews of the vendor . Calculate the total cost of an item , including shipping and tax , when determining the lowest price . The same tips apply when you 're using a mobile app . Only download apps for your smartphones and tablets through official stores , like the App Store for iOS or Google Play for Android . The occasional unsavory app has been known to slip through these proper channels . Always check the reviews in the app stores to see what other users have to say . If there are bunch of one star reviews or warnings , do n't download the software . Another option is to download a mobile security app to scan new software and links . Beware of phishing , SMiShing and other scams By now most people know to keep an eye out for phishing scams -- e-mails disguised as legitimate companies or organizations that ask for payment or password information . But every now and then , one comes along that looks incredibly convincing . To be safe , copy and paste all links into a fresh browser window instead of clicking on the hyperlink , check the originating email address and when in doubt , contact the company to verify the e-mail . SMiShing  a lovely portmanteau of "  SMS " and "  Phishing "  has taken off recently , catching people off-guard who do n't expect to receive this type of spam as a text message . Earlier this year , scammers sent texts telling people they had won a $ 1,000 gift card from Walmart . The texts linked to a page that asked for credit card information to cover the cost of shipping the prize . As a general rule , legitimate companies will never ask for your private information over email or text message , including payment information , usernames , passwords , mother 's maiden name or social security number . Password protect mobile devices This was the number one mobile tip from the experts we talked to : turn on the passcode on your phone or tablet . It 's an easy and important precaution , but only 54 % of Americans do it . Yes , it will take a few more seconds to access your email or open an app , but smartphones often contain more valuable information than what 's in your wallet . "  Many shopping apps archive your credit card information after your make a first purchase , and many apps do n't require that you enter your password every time you use it , " explained Halliday . If your phone or tablet is lost or stolen , anyone can access the wealth of data you have stored on your device . Even if individual apps require passwords , someone can use your email and phone number to try and reset them . Update often Many operating system and application updates address security issues , plugging holes and fixing errors that could be exploited by hackers . On your computer , update the operating system when prompted , and make sure you 're running the latest version of your browser . For mobile devices , the routine is easier because the apps come through a central app store . You can see exactly what mobile apps need updating at a glance . Use a credit card instead of a debit card Credit cards are a more secure online payment option than your debit card . The majority of credit cards offer purchase protection in case your card number is stolen , or if you make a payment at an online store that delivers a bad product , or no product at all . We know you 're very busy this time of year , but also take an extra moment to comb over your statements . Should any of these security precautions fail , you 'll want to catch suspicious charges as soon as possible .	Check your address bar for "  https " before entering payment information When shopping from mobile devices , use trusted apps and WiFi networks Always turn on the passcode protection for your mobile devices If an online deal sounds too good to be true , it probably is
CNN  -- Authorities have obtained an arrest warrant for Jesse Matthew , charging him with abduction with the intent to defile , in the case of missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters Tuesday . Police believe Matthew was the last person with Graham before her disappearance . She was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the downtown mall . The Charlottesville Police Department is circulating a wanted poster for the 32-year-old Matthew , who is also wanted for two counts of reckless driving . He is described as an African-American man , standing 6 feet , 2 inches tall , and weighing 270 pounds . He is known to have contacts in Maryland , New York , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Washington , D.C. Matthew willingly went to a police station over the weekend , along with several family members , walking through the front door and asking for a lawyer , Longo said . There was no warrant for his arrest then . Matthew and the lawyer spoke and then left , Longo said . The police chief declined to provide additional details on the case . "  Between now and the time that this matter goes to trial , we need to be very sensitive about the information that we share , " he said . However , the chief stressed : "  We absolutely are continuing our search for Hannah . " On the evening of September 12 , she was seen at a party before friends saw her at an apartment complex a couple of blocks away . That was shortly before midnight , according to a time line compiled by CNN affiliate WVIR . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know About 12:45 a.m. on September 13 , a surveillance camera caught her outside a pub , about three-quarters of a mile from the apartment complex . A doorman turned her away at the pub , Longo said Sunday . Ten minutes later , she is seen running past a gas station -- no one appears to be pursuing her -- and witnesses say they saw her five minutes later roughly four blocks from the gas station , WVIR reported . She was at a restaurant , witnesses said . Videos offer clues in search for missing student The surveillance camera at an Italian cafe captured her walking along the mall about 1:06 a.m. . The camera at a jewelry store recorded her passing two minutes later , WVIR reported . At 1:20 a.m. she texted her friends to say was lost and trying to find a party , WVIR reported . She and a man were seen having drinks at a bar between 1:30 and 2 a.m. , WVIR said . Police believe she may have been under the influence of alcohol , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . Investigators have previously searched Matthew 's apartment and car . Potential evidence was sent to a lab for analysis . Jeffrey Ban , central laboratory director at the Department of Forensic Science in Richmond , Virginia , declined to say how long that work might take . "  Some cases are much quicker than others , just depends on the evidence -- depends on how much evidence we have , where the evidence is , how small the sample is , " he said . "  The best I could tell you is that my staff , in a case like this , is very dedicated and they 're doing everything they can in the quickest manner possible , " Ban said . Authorities are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , a second-year student at the University of Virginia . "  Hannah is beyond precious to us , " her parents said in a statement released shortly after her disappearance . "  We are truly devastated by her disappearance . It 's totally out of character for us not to have heard from her , and we fear foul play . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Stacey Samuel and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Potential evidence in the case has been sent to a lab for analysis Jesse Matthew is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen September 13 An investigation into her disappearance is ongoing
Paris  CNN  -- A French magistrate is investigating Airbus for involuntary manslaughter in connection with the mysterious 2009 crash of Air France Flight 447 into the southern Atlantic Ocean , according to the airline manufacturer and a court spokeswoman . Judge Sylvie Zimmerman is presiding over the inquiry into the Airbus-made plane , court spokeswoman Sylvie Polack told CNN on Thursday . The plane fell into the sea while traveling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , killing all 228 people aboard . Thomas Enders , CEO of Airbus , disagreed with the decision to commence the investigation , he said in a statement . "  On behalf of Airbus , I have noted the absence of facts supporting this step and stated our strong disagreement , " Enders said . "  Airbus maintains that the focus should be on finding the cause of this accident and making sure it can never happen again . Airbus will continue to support the investigation , including the continued search for the flight recorders , which is the only sure way to know the truth , " Enders said . Investigators have not yet established what caused the crash , and large parts of the plane -- including both flight recorders -- have never been found , despite an extensive search operation that included a French navy submarine . The plane went down in stormy weather , and most of the bodies were never recovered . Studies of the debris and bodies that were found led France 's air accident investigation agency , the BEA , to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the BEA revealed in a 2009 report . Automated messages sent from the plane in the minutes before the crash showed there were problems measuring air speed , the investigators said , though they said that alone was not enough to cause the disaster . The area where the plane went down is far out in the Atlantic -- two to four days by ship from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in West Africa . The rough underwater terrain includes mountains and valleys , the BEA said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	Air France Flight 447 mysteriously crashed in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 All 228 people aboard were killed Plane manufacturer Airbus is now being investigated by a French magistrate
CNN  A woman who claims she was injured in the Boston Marathon bombing has been charged with stealing money from funds set up for the victims . Joanna Leigh claims the indictment is retribution for her vocal criticism of the way One Fund Boston disbursed the funds . Authorities say Leigh , 41 , collected almost $ 40,000 from One Fund and other sources after claiming to have suffered a brain injury during the attack . They say she received $ 8,000 payment from One Fund Boston , which was set up to compensate bombing victims . She 's also accused of receiving $ 1,700 from a school fundraiser , collecting more than $ 9,000 in contributions from an online fundraiser and getting more than $ 18,000 in benefits from the Massachusetts Victims for Violent Crime compensation fund . The indictment says she also accepted free medical treatment . No one is contesting that Leigh was at the marathon on April 15 , 2013 , the day of the attack . But Boston Police and Suffolk County investigators say she was n't hurt . She apparently did not claim any injury or seek any medical treatment until about two weeks later . "  When she did begin to make those claims , she billed herself as a ` hero ' who ran toward the second blast , " authorities said . Leigh says the indictment is payback for her criticism of One Fund . She and others have claimed they were n't properly compensated by the fund because of the way it calculated payments . If someone 's injury did n't require an overnight hospital stay , he or she received $ 8,000 . Those who were hospitalized got $ 125,000 or more . "  I do n't think this is about me ; I think this is because I spoke out about The One Fund , " she told the Boston Globe on Thursday . "  I think this is about killing the messenger . " Leigh will be arraigned Monday . She intends to plead not guilty . The indictment comes as Dzhokar Tsarnaev stands trial for the bombing that killed three and left more than 260 people maimed or injured . CNN 's Sam Stringer contributed to this report	Police say Joanna Leigh was at the Boston Marathon but was not injured by the bombing She is accused of receiving almost $ 40,000 in benefits
Marijuana prohibition laws are slowly going up in smoke . An Alaska citizens ' group is pushing to legalize recreational marijuana , which would make it the third state to do so after Colorado and Washington . Driven by growing public support , Campaign to Regulate Marijuana submitted more than 45,000 signatures Wednesday to Alaska election officials . It needs about 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot . "  The proposed initiative will take marijuana sales out of the underground market and put them in legitimate , taxpaying businesses , " said Tim Hinterberger , one of the initiative 's sponsors . "  Replacing marijuana prohibition with a system of taxation and sensible regulation will bolster Alaska 's economy by creating jobs and generating revenue for the state . " The proposal similar to one passed in Colorado legalizes the growing , buying and consumption of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older , CNN affiliate KTUU reported . Alaska law currently allows those with a medicinal marijuana prescription to legally grow up to six plants or have up to one ounce , according to the affiliate . The proposal will not only open doors for recreational use , it provides more options for medicinal marijuana users with limited access , Hinterberger told the affiliate . Colorado pot law called springboard for other states But marijuana legalization opponents say there are serious health consequences , and argue the drug is often a gateway to harmful , addictive substances . Washington and Colorado legalized recreational marijuana last year , but the latter became the first state to commence sales this month . Sales in Washington have not started yet . In addition to Colorado and Washington , 18 other states and the District of Columbia allow some legal use of marijuana , primarily for medicinal purposes . Pro-recreational marijuana Initiatives are expected in various states in 2016 , including Arizona , California , Maine , Massachusetts , Montana and Nevada , according to Mason Tvert of the Marijuana Policy Project . New York governor announces plan for medical marijuana at hospitals Colorado 's recreational marijuana stores make history	Citizens ' group submits more than 45,000 signatures to Alaska election officials It needs 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the August state ballot The proposal is similar to one passed in Colorado It allows limited amounts of marijuana for adults ages 21 or older
UK company Hornby 's model planes and trains have been made in low-cost emerging markets for decades . Now , piece by piece , production is being brought back home . Hornby 's iconic model plane kit , part of the company 's Airfix range , will soon be made in the UK . The company will be making up to 1,000 of the kits a day . "  It 's a very British brand with huge heritage . . once upon a time it was all manufactured here in the UK , " says Roger Canham , Hornby chief executive . "  Airfix actually went to India , but the marketplace is changing now . " Read more : How the skies tell Head if business will be sunny or gloomy Hornby 's reversal is the latest in the trend of "  backshoring " that has seen British businesses such as Topshop , Symington 's , Caldeira , and DFS , all repatriating some manufacturing from China in the face of rising labor costs overseas . Canham says offshoring production has never been easy . "  Some of the difficulties you have are going to a different time zone , talking to people who do n't necessarily speak the same language , actually , or culturally , or even technically . " Watch more : Sorrell : Eurozone needs leaders Those were challenges Canham was willing to face when the cost-saving was significant . But such benefits are no longer a given . In China , private-sector wages rose 14 % in 2012 , compared to a 12.3 % increase the previous year , according to China 's National Bureau of Statistics . The ageing population has led to a shrinking labor force , likely to contribute to rising wages in years to come . Read more : Telecoms boss : Croatia needs reforms This is n't Hornby 's first back-pedal on production in an emerging market . Earlier this year , it brought some of its Humbrol paint facility back from China following labour disputes and concerns about quality . Offshoring production also meant there was a lag time in meeting consumer demand . "  Just the physical shipping time will be about four weeks , " Canham says . "  So even if we found out today that this product was selling very strongly and we placed additional orders , that 's four weeks of the market that we have potentially missed . " Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the chief executive can keep an eye on the quality of the production of the Airfix models , once more labeled "  Made in Britain . "	Part of Hornby 's Airfix range , the iconic model plane kit , will soon be made in the UK Now the company can react to market demand much faster and the CEO can keep an eye on the quality In China private-sector wages rose 14 % in 2012 , up from a 12.3 % increase in 2011
CNN  -- The British government condemned China 's execution of a British national Tuesday on drug smuggling charges . "  I ... am appalled and disappointed that our persistent requests for clemency have not been granted , " Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . "  I am particularly concerned that no mental health assessment was undertaken . " Akmal Shaikh was convicted of carrying up to 4 kilograms  8.8 pounds  of heroin at the Urumqi Airport in September 2007 . According to Chinese law , 50 grams  1.76 ounces  is the threshold for the death penalty . China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London . "  Drug trafficking is a grave crime worldwide , " the statement said . "  The concerns of the British side have been duly noted and taken into consideration by the Chinese judicial authorities in the legal process , and Mr. Shaikh 's rights and interests under Chinese law are properly respected and guaranteed . " The 53-year-old is the first European executed in China in 50 years , according to the British legal group Reprieve . "  We are deeply saddened , stunned and disappointed at the news of the execution of our beloved cousin , Akmal , " Soohail and Nasir Shaikh said in a statement issued on behalf of the family . "  This was carried out this morning despite repeated requests for clemency and a proper appraisal of Akmal 's mental state . " His family and the British government had asked Chinese leaders for clemency . His supporters argued that Shaikh was mentally ill , and that Chinese officials did not take his mental condition into account when trying him . Shaikh 's advocates say he suffered from a bipolar disorder and that he was tricked into carrying heroin into China with promises of a career as a pop singer . Brown raised Shaikh 's case with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during the international climate summit in Denmark earlier this month . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband echoed Gordon 's concerns about the execution . "  The UK is completely opposed to the use of the death penalty in all circumstances , " Miliband said . "  However , I also deeply regret the fact that our specific concerns about the individual in this case were not taken into consideration . ... These included mental health issues , and inadequate professional interpretation during the trial . " Sally Rowen , legal director with Reprieve , condemned the execution . "  The death of Akmal Shaikh is a sad indictment of today 's world , and particularly of China 's legal system , " she said . "  Akmal was a gentle man who suffered from a tormenting illness ... and was betrayed and deliberately killed by one of the most powerful nations on Earth . " Before the execution , Philip Alston , the U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions , said it would be a "  major step backwards for China " to execute a mentally ill man . "  Both Chinese and international law clearly indicate that a person who committed a crime while suffering from significant mental illness should not be subjected to the death penalty , " Alston said in a statement released by Reprieve . China expressed hope that the case would not affect the relationship between the two nations . "  We value the China-British relationship , " said Jiang Yu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman . "  So we hope the British authority can treat this matter rationally and not let it create new barrier between the two countries . I have emphasized that this is an independent criminal case . It has nothing to do with anything else . "	NEW : China defended the execution in a statement issued by the Chinese Embassy in London Akmal Shaikh 's supporters said he was mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him British government had asked China not to execute Shaikh but China says it has followed law
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Explosions tore through two luxury hotels Friday morning in south Jakarta , Indonesia , killing at least eight people , a presidential spokesman said . Counter-terrorist police commandos secure the damaged Ritz-Carlton hotel in Jakarta on Friday after the blasts . The number of injured was in the 40s , said Dino Patti Djalal , spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . They were taken to area hospitals . Hours later , local television reported a car bombing in north Jakarta , but that report was immediately contradicted by various other media sources . Police sealed off the area around both hotel blasts , one in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel and the other at the J.W. Marriott Hotel , about 50 meters away . Djalal said the attacks were coordinated . Forensics experts are collecting evidence at the "  disturbing scene , " Djalal said . He said he had few details about the blasts , which occurred about 7:45 a.m.  8:45 p.m. Thursday ET  on Friday , Islam 's holy day . "  What I can say is one of the most damaged areas that we looked at , where the bodies were , was a lounge area in the Marriott near the lobby , " he said . "  That seems to be the epicenter of the bomb . " "  This is a blow to us , but I do n't have any doubts that we will be able to uncover and find out the perpetrators , " Djalal said . Police said the bomb at the Marriott likely came from the basement beneath the coffee shop on the ground floor , which would have been busy at breakfast time . In a Twitter post four hours after the blast , Marriott said : "  Police responded immediately , sealed off the area . Guests @ both hotels have been evacuated & have been moved to a secure location . " At the Ritz , windows were blown out on the second floor , as though the blast occurred from inside a hotel restaurant that would also have been crowded with a breakfast crowd , said witness Greg Woolstencroft . Another witness counted four foreigners among the wounded , according to state-run Antara New Agency . The Ritz-Carlton Hotel was to have accommodated soccer players from Britain 's Manchester United , who were expected to arrive in Jakarta on Sunday . Watch a report on suspects behind the blasts " U.S. Embassy Press Attache Paul Belmont told CNN no U.S. casualties have been confirmed and that the embassy was monitoring the situation closely . The death toll may be higher than reported , said CNN contributor Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director of international operations . He said two U.S. businessmen were treated for minor injuries . "  There was a boom and the building shook , and then subsequently two more , " said hotel guest Don Hammer , who was leaving his room in the Marriott when the blast occurred . "  The shocking part was entering the lobby , where the glass at the front of the hotel was all blown out and blood was spattered across the floor , but most people were leaving calmly . " Woolstencroft had just walked past the hotels and had gone to his nearby apartment when he heard an explosion . "  I looked out my window and I saw a huge cloud of brownish smoke go up , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I grabbed my iPhone to go downstairs ... and then the second bomb went off at the Ritz-Carlton , so I then ran around to the Ritz-Carlton and I was able to find that there had been a massive bomb that went off in this ... restaurant area and the explosion had blown out both sides of the hotel . "  I found inside the body of what appears to be a suicide bomber , it looked like someone who had been a suicide bomber or someone who had been very , very close to the explosion . Watch an eyewitness report of the blasts " "  I also noticed that there were a number of injured people being taken off to hospital , but I only noticed one dead person at this point and time , that 's all I saw . There has been extensive damage to both buildings , and at this point and time of course all the authorities are blocking up all the area and starting an investigation . " He added , "  It 's obviously targeted establishments where there are Westerners and expats ... I can only assume it 's something to try and send a message . " The television executive said he had lived at the Ritz for a year before moving to his nearby apartment and had been impressed by the facility 's security . "  I just do n't know how someone could get in there with a bomb , given the level of security and screening that people have to go through , " he said , citing armed guards at checkpoints and thorough searches of people , bags and vehicles . The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people . In that attack , an explosives-laden vehicle pulled into the motor lobby of the Marriott and exploded at the height of the lunch hour . Friday 's attack "  was not nearly as bad , " said John Aglionby , a reporter for the Financial Times who was at the site of both blasts . Former CNN producer John Towriss , who has spent many years in Jakarta , said the Marriott and Ritz often share employees and an underground passageway connects the two buildings that sit across the road from each other . Towriss said the Marriott has beefed up security since the 2003 attacks , making it impossible for people to drive up to the hotel in cars . Both hotels set up metal detectors and thick concrete barriers to prevent car bombers . "  I always thought I was safer at the Marriott because I thought it had already been bombed once , " Towriss said . "  I thought that another hotel would be targeted . " CNN 's Andy Saputra in Jakarta and Miranda Leitsinger in Hong Kong . contributed to this story .	NEW : Death toll rises to eight , a presidential spokesman says Explosions hit Ritz-Carlton and J.W. Marriott hotels in Jakarta At the Ritz , second floor windows blown out , as though blast occurred from within The Marriott was the site of a terrorist attack in August 2003 that killed 12 people
London , England  CNN  -- Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone took a "  good whacking " when he and his girlfriend were violently mugged in London , he tells the Daily Express newspaper Saturday . "  I 'm feeling it now , bit painful , it was a good whacking , " Ecclestone told the paper in the only interview he has given so far about the ordeal . The Express carried a picture of Ecclestone with a badly bruised right eye that was purple and swollen . The attack took place Wednesday night outside his offices in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge neighborhood , after he had been to a restaurant with girlfriend Fabiana Flosi , the paper reported . The muggers punched the 80-year-old billionaire in the face several times and kicked him in the head as he lay on the ground , he said . They also ripped the earrings off his girlfriend 's ears . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed to CNN that a man and woman were robbed of jewelry including two watches and a pair of earrings on Wednesday night . They said officers do not believe the man was targeted because of who he is and that it appeared to be an opportunistic incident . " The man was taken to a hospital for treatment to a minor head injury , the police said . "  I drove as I often do and we had just got out of the car when suddenly these guys laid into me , " Ecclestone told the paper . "  They said nothing to me , just went on the attack , so there was no chance to feel scared or react . "  When I was on the ground I could hear Fabiana screaming for help and I took a kick or two in the head and went unconscious . "  When I came to there was blood everywhere from my head wound but I was lucky . They were n't worried about taking my eye out or head injuries when they were kicking . "  It was completely stupid and uncalled for . If they had confronted me and asked for everything we had , I would have handed over everything in my pockets , my wallet , anything . " British news reports had said the stolen jewelry was worth several hundred thousand dollars , but Ecclestone denied it , saying , "  They wo n't be going far on what they took off us . " "  I never carry much money or expensive jewelry , " he said . "  Most of Fabiana 's stuff was just personal from Brazil and not worth much . " The injuries forced Ecclestone to cancel a shooting trip with Spain 's King Juan Carlos I this weekend , he said . Police were still searching for the suspects .	Ecclestone tells a British paper he took a "  good whacking " He and his girlfriend were robbed in London this week He is sporting a black eye after being punched and kicked
CNN  -- Because of the severe heat and drought in the Midwest , global food prices are going up . Why ? Because the U.S. is the leading producer and exporter of staple grains . We are for food production what Saudi Arabia is for oil production . Our crop shortages have ripple effects throughout the food system and disrupt the global markets , especially in the food-insecure nations . The U.S. has n't reached 2008 's level of high food prices yet because rice and wheat stocks are ample . These are the two most important food grains for human consumption worldwide . Corn and soybean levels are extremely tight , and their prices have skyrocketed since June . However , these two grains are mostly used as livestock feeds . Corn is also diverted to produce ethanol because of our government mandate . Opinion : Extreme heat and droughts -- a recipe for world food woes Earlier this month , the United Nations urged the U.S. to ease its ethanol mandate . The origin of this policy goes back to 2005 when Congress set requirements of corn to be used for automotive fuel . In 2007 , the Energy Independence and Security Act greatly increased those requirements to improve air quality and become more energy secure . Behind the scenes , however , corn and other agricultural lobbyists were promoting the mandate to create a larger market for corn . Using current numbers , this year 's ethanol mandate would theoretically require 44 % of this year 's corn crop , a third of which is recycled back as distillers grains for livestock feed . We are being told by the ethanol producers , the corn growers and Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack that eliminating the ethanol mandate would not significantly reduce global food costs . But how could that be when roughly 14 % of the world 's corn crop is being converted into ethanol in the U.S. ? In addition to corn being used for biofuel , taxpayer-subsidized biodiesel is using up more soybeans each year . While some say that attempting to change the ethanol mandate is politically impossible in an election year that depends so much on the Midwest swing states , there is a loud and growing chorus of voices that are calling for an urgent end to the mandate . Greg Page , CEO of Cargill , one of the world 's largest agricultural corporations , recently urged : "  We need to move to more market-driven biofuels policies , not inflexible mandates , subsidies and tariffs . " Just as the USDA 's recent estimate of a corn yield at 123 bushels per acre is certain to be reduced further , its estimate of food costs rising only 3 % to 4 % next year is certain to be raised . The least politically palatable condition in any nation is high food prices . Expect beef , pork , chicken , turkey , eggs , fats and oils , cereals and dairy products to go up the most in the coming months . Americans have already reduced their meat consumption over the past few years partly because of higher prices . It is time for policymakers to admit they made a mistake in setting the corn ethanol mandate level too high in 2007 . This year , the mandate is 13.2 billion gallons of ethanol , which would require 4.7 billion bushels of corn . The mandate is set to top out in 2015 at 15 billion gallons . If politics dictates that we must have an ethanol mandate , then at the very least we should consider cutting the level by half , which could be done by using only 5 % ethanol , or E5 , in gasoline instead of E10 , which is a combination of 10 % ethanol and 90 % unleaded gasoline . The mandate should never be allowed to use more than 20 % of the annual U.S. corn crop . This amount would be enough to help stimulate corn demand for this overproduced commodity . As a bonus , more sustainable farming practices could return to the Midwest following this frenzy of growing corn on corn , fencerow to fencerow , to cash in on the high prices . What would make the most sense would be to scrap the national ethanol mandate altogether and let each state decide . Currently , ethanol use is not mandated in top corn producing states such as Iowa and Nebraska . These states choose to sell gasoline that does n't even contain ethanol . This would suggest that they would rather export the product than use it themselves . Since they tout their ethanol product so highly , and it is available to them locally , they should consider increasing their own use of the product . Meanwhile , consumers in low corn producing states such as Colorado and California are required to buy ethanol in every gallon of gasoline because ethanol use is mandated in those states . The argument for the ethanol mandate is being challenged because of today 's greater use of natural gas and the development of other fuel sources . It 's time for the mandate to reflect the realities of 2012 . It often takes a crisis to get government to take action and correct a policy that was wrong to begin with . This growing season , we have had extreme heat and drought in the most productive farming region in the world . Let 's use this unfortunate plight to get our ethanol policy right , before it causes food prices to go up more . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kay McDonald .	Kay McDonald : Expect the price of meat , eggs and dairy products to go up McDonald : America 's policy of diverting corn to ethanol production is causing high prices She says if we must have an ethanol mandate , then we should cut the level by half McDonald : Better still , scrap the national ethanol mandate and let each state decide
CNN  -- In January 1999 , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on live television that he was firing his defense minister , Yitzhak Mordechai . The minister , Netanyahu argued , had colluded with his political rivals and was aiming to undermine the Prime Minister 's authority . Mordechai would go on to lead a centrist party and play a pivotal role in the victory of Ehud Barak and the Labor Party over Netanyahu . Fifteen years later , and Netanyahu has again taken to the airwaves , announcing the firing of two senior Cabinet members . Is history set to repeat itself ? On Tuesday , Netanyahu accused Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , the main centrist leaders of his center-to-far-right coalition , of disloyalty and of undermining his authority , publicly criticizing his policies and conspiring to form an alternative coalition . As a result , Israel now heads to elections , tentatively scheduled for March . If you 're scratching your head and wondering , "  Did n't Israel hold elections recently ? " then you 're not alone . This Knesset , the 19th , will be one of the shortest serving parliaments in Israel 's 66-year history . As a result , just two years after they last headed to the polls , Israeli voters and politicians are wondering aloud why these elections are necessary . But will the outcome of the elections resemble those of 1999 , which prompted Netanyahu to take a hiatus from political life ? Netanyahu is a leader with remarkably few confidants , and has never excelled at the art of personal politics . After three terms as prime minister , "  Netanyahu fatigue " has set in across the political spectrum and even within his own party , and some have already suggested the election is effectively a referendum on the country 's leader . And in some ways , Netanyahu really is vulnerable . Livni and Netanyahu had clashed over a "  basic law "  akin to a constitutional amendment  to reaffirm Israel 's status as the nation state of the Jewish people , a bill that attracted scathing critiques from , among others , President Ruvi Rivlin  of Netanyahu 's own Likud party  , and his predecessor Shimon Peres . Lapid and Netanyahu clashed over measures to deal with the politically explosive issue of the high cost of living and a growing wealth gap between Israelis . But perhaps most importantly , security issues -- especially the dramatic erosion of Israelis ' sense of personal security over the past six months -- have undermined Netanyahu 's position . After all , he has long prided himself on the relative calm during his years as Prime Minister . And , though hawkish , Netanyahu had been far more hesitant to go to war than some of his more dovish peers . Yet in the aftermath of the lengthy conflict in Gaza last summer , some Israelis were disappointed with Netanyahu 's decision not to topple Hamas , which strengthened the political hand of right-wing leaders like Minister of the Economy Naftali Bennett of the Jewish Home party , a former aide of Netanyahu 's who left the Prime Minister 's office amid acrimony , and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , another former aide and ally of Netanyahu whose relations with the Prime Minister have seen several ups and downs . This has occurred against the backdrop of a wave of terrorist attacks against civilians , most notably a gruesome attack on a synagogue in Jerusalem , midprayer , which left five dead . A palpable sense of personal fear is apparent and , naturally , nothing motivates voters more . All this said , this is not 1999 . When then-Defense Minister Mordechai left the Likud , he joined a cascade of respected , veteran leaders who had broken with the young , brash and inexperienced Prime Minister . Fast forward to today , and it is the veteran Netanyahu , a steady hand and a known commodity  for better or worse  who is firing a brash , inexperienced Lapid in the name of proper governance . The reality is that while public opinion currently holds Netanyahu at fault for the political crisis , it remains at a loss as to who might replace him . In general , in democracies , incumbents lose more than challengers win ; when leaders are replaced it is usually because the voters are fed up with their reigning leaders . And yet , for a change of leadership , there must be a credible challenger there to pick up the pieces . Instead , today -- by attrition and political longevity -- Netanyahu has found himself seemingly alone as a major player in the political sphere . The challenge for the opposition is therefore formidable . The Israeli public has moved to the right and , with every terrorist attack , the hawkish camp solidifies its advantage . The most likely outcome , at present , would be a new Netanyahu government with a stronger right wing and religious base , including the ultra-Orthodox parties that were shunned from this coalition at Lapid 's demand . Netanyahu may even bring weakened centrist figures back into the coalition , having lost their veto power in parliament . Indeed , even those dismissed this week by Netanyahu have so far refused to promise that they will not join another Netanyahu coalition . And yet , a Netanyahu defeat is not out of the question . He is the clear front-runner , but the campaign has barely begun , and party alignments are still unclear . Livni may well join forces with either Lapid or with Labor ; a new party of former Likud minister Moshe Kahlon has yet to truly form but already shows considerable promise . In addition , several new entrants are expected in the political sphere as well , some of whom have impressive resumes in security , diplomacy and academia . It is by now a clich  to call an Israeli election the most important ever . Instead , it is most likely that the outcome will be a continuation , or even accentuation , of current Israeli policy . But with the dramatic challenges Israel faces , domestically , regionally and internationally , expect the sense of malaise in Israeli politics to deepen . These elections may simply be a prelude to a deeper political crisis .	Natan Sachs : Benjamin Netanyahu more vulnerable than he seems Poll to come after Netanyahu fired two ministers Growing concerns over security could hurt PM at poll : Sachs
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will work with the Haitian government and with international and private aid groups to protect Haitian children who might be at risk because they were orphaned or separated from their parents by the earthquake , the State Department said Thursday . "  We have concerns about traffickers , we have concerns about pedophiles , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said at his midday briefing . "  We 've seen a couple of cases of those in recent days . So this is just something we are working collectively with those organizations that are actively trying to help children , people on the ground , be alert for this kind of danger . " Asked whether any children had been brought illegally to the United States , he said , "  Not to my knowledge . " "  A number of people , including many , many children , have been displaced , separated from their families . This poses great risk , and particularly for children , -LSB- of -RSB- a higher vulnerability to human trafficking , " Crowley said . "  Haitian police have had child protection brigades in place for some time . Obviously , we are working with them but also trying to supplement the capability on the ground . " U.S. officials from the departments of State , Homeland Security , and Health and Human Services have been working together in recent weeks to make sure that the Haitian government grants its approval before any adoptions proceed . Since the earthquake , 500 Haitian children whose cases had long been under consideration have been approved for U.S. adoption and brought to the United States . In a news release issued later , Crowley said the State Department 's "  Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons has been engaged on this issue prior to the earthquake and in its aftermath . " While UNICEF -- the United Nations ' children 's fund -- "  has taken the lead role in overall child protection and safety in Haiti since the earthquake , we are working to supplement their efforts in combating child trafficking , " he said . Steps being taken by the State Department and other organizations , he said , include registration of unaccompanied children , helping "  remobilize the Haitian Police 's Child Protection Brigades , " and "  rebuilding the capacity of Haitian -LSB- non-governmental organizations -RSB- already working to protect child domestic servants , known in Haiti as restaveks . " He said the department 's Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons had been working to fight child trafficking in Haiti even before the earthquake . Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Wednesday that after the quake , because of the growing number of orphans , illegal child trafficking is "  one of the biggest problems that we have . " "  There is organ trafficking for children and other persons also , because they need all types of organs , " Bellerive said . He did not give specifics but when asked whether there is trafficking of children , Bellerive said , "  The reports I received say yes . " CNN 's Tom Evans contributed to this report .	U.S. , working with aid groups , Haiti to protect orphans , those separated from families State Department : "  We have concerns about traffickers , " "  pedophiles " Spokesman said he was n't aware if children had been brought illegally to U.S. Haitian prime minister : In aftermath of quake , trafficking is "  one of biggest problems "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI arrived in Cuba 's southeastern city of Santiago de Cuba on Monday , delivering Mass before throngs of Cubans in only the second papal visit in the island 's history . He was greeted upon his arrival by Cuban President Raul Castro and the nation 's clergy , including Cuban Cardinal Jaime Ortega . With a red carpet rolled out to meet the pope 's airplane , Castro walked beside the pontiff to a pair of large wooden chairs . A brass band played Cuba 's national anthem and other tunes as they stood together , while artillery rounds were fired off nearby in celebration . Benedict told the audience that he seeks to emphasize "  the importance of faith , " highlighting the need for good relations between the church and the Marxist state . Castro welcomed Benedict , saying his country has endeavored for peace and justice , but noted that even "  14 years after John Paul 's visit , " the U.S. economic embargo against Cuba persists . Clad all in white , Benedict walked with Castro , who was dressed in a dark suit , and greeted other state officials and clergy . Crowds of flag-waving Cubans lined the street on which Benedict 's motorcade traveled , as Cuban state television captured both ground and aerial footage of the trip . Later Monday evening , Benedict delivered Mass in the city 's square , drawing huge crowds as legions of musicians playing wind and string instruments performed during pauses in his sermon , supported by what appeared to be concert-grade sound systems . The visit marks the next-to-last leg of a two-country tour the pope has used to both spread the Catholic faith and address political issues in the region . His first stop was in Mexico , where he denounced violence in that country brought by the ongoing drug wars . Benedict also blasted Cuba 's Marxist political system Friday , saying it "  no longer corresponds to reality . " The pope 's comment , delivered to reporters aboard a flight from Rome to Mexico , sparked widespread speculation as to what he would say when he addresses the Cuban people directly . The island nation 's foreign minister , Bruno Rodriguez , responding to the comment , said his government considers "  the exchange of ideas useful " and is still perfecting its system . The pope is scheduled to meet again with Castro and Ortega in Havana , along with the president 's family , which could include Fidel Castro , who stepped down from power in 2006 after battling illness . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also arrived on the island Saturday , according to Cuban state television , which reported he is there to undergo further radiation treatment for cancer . It is not clear whether Benedict will meet Chavez . Benedict , 84 , is due to fly to the Cuban capital on Tuesday , and preside over a Mass in Havana 's Revolution Plaza on the following day . Large crowds are expected . Preparations for the visit have included fresh coats of paint splashed across buildings and posters announcing the pope 's arrival tacked on city structures . The trip is timed to the 400th anniversary of Our Lady of Charity , Cuba 's patron saint , but uncertainty looms over what will be said , with whom the pope will meet and what the visit will mean for Cubans . "  For me , I 'm very happy he 's coming , " said Juana DeArmas , a shopkeeper in the capital 's Old Havana neighborhood . "  I was here when  Pope  John Paul came , and there were always plenty of tourists that followed . " The visit is seen as a possible tourism boost to the island 's cash-strapped economy as many residents seek to make use of a series of recent free market reforms that have slowly swelled the number of private businesses in the country . Fourteen years earlier , a much different Fidel Castro greeted a much different pontiff when thousands were introduced to Pope John Paul II , who made the historic first papal trip to Cuba in 1998 . Having been invited by then-President Fidel Castro , John Paul famously urged the country "  to open to the world , and the world to open to Cuba . " "  There was a kind of love affair between John Paul and Latin America , " said CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen . "  It just is n't the same with Pope Benedict . " In Mexico , an archbishop called on worshippers to stop making comparisons between Benedict and the former pope , who drew massive crowds across Latin America and visited every country in the region before he died in 2005 . In Cuba , though John Paul helped warm church-government relations , the nation 's ties with religion have remained complicated . Decades earlier , Castro 's Communist revolution sought to stamp out religious influence in Cuba , confiscating church property and expelling religious workers , some of whom had supported anti-Castro forces . The country was officially atheist until the 1990s , when the constitution was amended and references to atheism were replaced with secularism . Christmas was recognized as a holiday at that time and Communist Party members were permitted to openly practice their faith , if they had one . Church officials now say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice . Still , religious access to state television and the administering of religious schools remain largely restricted , which could be a point of emphasis during the pontiff 's trip , observers say . "  These papal visits can have an impact , " Allen said . "  They can kind of jar things lose . And it seems that under Raul , Cuba is taking baby steps toward normalization . " But many on the island seem skeptical that the trip will yield lasting results . While the country 's Roman Catholic Church has often been lauded for its role in recent reforms , it has also received heavy criticism for appearing too cozy with the government . Rights group say the nation has largely emptied its jails of political prisoners , and yet it continues to harass the country 's activists .	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI delivers mass in Santiago de Cuba He will fly to Havana on Tuesday The island nation was once an atheist state ; this is only the second papal visit there Church officials now say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice
CNN  -- A month after carrying out one of the largest anti-piracy crackdowns ever , federal authorities have added charges and broadened their case against the defendants . The 90-page superseding indictment , which was returned Thursday in the Eastern District of Virginia , adds counts of criminal copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering and wire fraud against Megaupload.com and Megavideo.com . The websites were shut and several of their alleged leaders were arrested in January . The defendants allegedly reproduced copyrighted works from third-party websites , including from YouTube.com , so that they could be copied and distributed via Megavideo.com and to give the false impression that the website hosted content that was primarily generated by users and was not copyright-infringing content , the indictment says . "  In contrast to legitimate Internet distributors of copyrighted content , Megaupload.com does not make any significant payments to the copyright owners of the many thousands of works that are willfully reproduced and distributed on he Mega Sites each and every day , " the government says . In addition , the document says that the defendants ' claim of more than 180 million registered users is not supported by their own records , which show only 66.6 million registered users as of January 19 . Those records also show that just 5.86 million of these users ever uploaded a file to Megaupload.com or Megavideo.com , meaning that more than 90 % of the sites ' registered users used the systems solely to download , it says . Among those indicted is Kim Dotcom , the founder of Megaupload . His lawyer said after the initial indictment that his client is innocent , a law-abiding entrepreneur committed to raising his young family in New Zealand . Dotcom is a resident of New Zealand , where he employs more than 50 staff , and Hong Kong , where he has a suite at the Grand Hyatt Hotel . The superseding indictment cited the case of one alleged infringer referred identified only as "  VV . " Over six years , VV had uploaded nearly 17,000 files to Megavideo.com , which resulted in more than 334 million views , it said . Though VV had been the subject of numerous takedown e-mails , none of those files had been deleted , it said . The government also added property , bank accounts , jet skis , jewelry and watches to the list of assets subject to forfeiture , and estimated the value at at least $ 175 million . The defendants were first charged in a five-count indictment returned on Jan. 5 and unsealed on Jan. 19 . The counts were : conspiracy to commit racketeering , conspiracy to commit copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering , and two counts of copyright infringement . Five of the seven individuals indicted have been arrested , and at least $ 50 million in assets have been "  restrained , " the Department of Justice said in a news release . Last month , Megaupload 's fans turned the table on the feds . "  Hacktivist " collective Anonymous said it set its sights on the U.S. Department of Justice and apparently knocked the agency 's website offline . The DOJ website glitches came soon after various Twitter accounts associated with Anonymous took aim at the agency . Anonymous 's favorite weapon for these attacks is a "  distributed denial of service "  DDoS  attack , which directs traffic to a website and overwhelms its servers , causing it to crash . The practice involves neither hacking nor any breach of security . It was Anonymous ' largest attack ever , according to an Anonymous representative , with 5,635 people using a networking tool called a "  low orbit ion cannon . " A LOIC is software tool that aims a flood of traffic at a targeted site . Authorities said the "  Mega Conspiracy " organization had generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . According to the indictment , Megaupload , which launched in 2005 , was once the 13th most-visited website on the Internet , serving as a hub for distribution of copyrighted television shows , images , computer software and video games . The site 's popular MegaVideo subsidiary was widely known in tech circles for its broad selection of pirated content , including movies and episodes of hit TV shows . To shut Megaupload , federal authorities executed 20 search warrants in eight countries , seizing 18 domain names and $ 50 million worth of assets , including servers located in Virginia , Washington , the Netherlands and Canada . The individuals indicted are citizens of New Zealand , Germany , Slovakia and the Netherlands . No U.S. citizens were named . However , Megaupload has servers in Ashburn , Virginia , and Washington , which prompted the Virginia-based investigation .	New counts include copyright infringement , conspiracy to commit money laundering Megaupload and related sites were shut last month Several of the sites ' alleged leaders were arrested
CNN  -- When we last saw actress Amanda Peet during primetime , it was on NBC 's drama , "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip . " Although that show was canceled after one season , Peet has kept busy in films mostly , booking parts in "  2012 " and "  Gulliver 's Travels . " But she 's also done a few one-offs in niche comedy shows like David Wains ' web series "  Wainy Days , " comedian Demetri Martin 's sketch comedy show , "  Important Things With Demetri Martin , " and a guest spot on "  How I Met Your Mother . " This week Peet returns to primetime with "  Bent , " a half-hour romantic comedy from "  Scrubs " vet Tad Quill . In it she plays Alex Meyers , a recently divorced lawyer whose wet-blanket approach to life is challenged by her active , surfer carpenter , Pete Riggins  played by David Walton  . Rounding out the cast is Jeffrey Tambor  "  Arrested Development "  , JB Smoove  "  Curb Your Enthusiasm "  and Jesse Plemons  "  Friday Night Lights  . CNN spoke with Peet from her home in Los Angeles about the "  Studio 60 " days , finding her footing as a comedic actress and the things that keep her up at night . CNN : "  Bent " marks a proper return to network TV for you . Has the TV landscape changed , in your opinion ? Amanda Peet : It seems like it 's contracting , fewer and fewer jobs . It 's hard to discern what 's what , since I 'm now a 40-year-old woman . Am I over the hill at the same time there 's a recession ? It 's hard to decide what 's what . There are n't many roles that are interesting if you 're a 40-year-old woman , unless you 're Julia Roberts or Cate Blanchett . CNN : Looking back , what was the issue with "  Studio 60 " ? Peet : I think it was too expensive and there was too much anticipation . I guess all together we seemed like this arrogant monolith , but individually , none of us felt very arrogant . So it 's kind of curious . Including Aaron -LSB- Sorkin -RSB- . The backlash , the vitriol . If it had been some 30 - or 35-year-old new discovery instead of Aaron Sorkin , things might have been different . CNN : In "  Bent " you play an uptight , divorced lawyer . The crux of the humor rests on her being uptight . Do you think uptight people are funny ? Peet : I do . Someone says comedy is rigidity . In a romantic comedy it 's usually a good idea to have people who ca n't stand the fact that they are attracted to each other . CNN : Are you yourself uptight ? Peet : Yes . Probably . My husband would say yes . I try to be really hippie about things . I 'm uptight in all the ways that are really important , but the things my husband and family can benefit from my uptightness , I 'm completely lacking . I do n't clean , I do n't make the bed . I spend my salary . I worry a lot . I just do n't worry about socks on the floor . Plane flights , my children 's well being , my sanity . There 's this woman who walks on Wilshire Boulevard , in the same outfit . Tiny shorts , knee socks and this visor and a full face of makeup . She waves to invisible people . When I look at her , I slow down the car , I feel for her and I feel like I 'm one little breathe away from that . CNN : Do audiences think of you as a comedic actress ? Peet : I do n't know . I certainly hope so . Hopefully they think that I do n't blow . CNN : Recently , you 've done these one off 's with niche comedy shows like David Wains ' "  Wainy Days , " "  Important Things With Demetri Martin , " as well as "  How I Met Your Mother . " What 's your strongest suit in comedy ? Peet : One needs good writings and there are many comedians that I 'm friends with that are n't apart of the comedy scene ; it 's very hard to break in and be taken serious as a comedic actress . It just takes one good role and some eye traffic and that 's hard to come by . Oftentimes you 're just the setup for the joke . Like in volleyball -- set and spike . That involves some comedic skill , but it 's also frustrating . On "  Bent , " I really feel like Tad -LSB- Quill , creator -RSB- threw me the ball . If we get a chance to go , it would get funnier and funnier . If you take "  Cheers " and "  Seinfeld " and watch the early shows , they 're kind of awkward . It took a while for the writers and everything to gel . "  Bent " premieres Wednesday at 9 p.m. ET on NBC .	Peet 's last full-time TV gig was the acclaimed , short-lived "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip " Her new show , "  Bent , " is a comedy She hopes audiences see her as a comedic actress
Washington  CNN  -- More than 2 feet of snow piled up at the nation 's capital as a blizzard pounded mid-Atlantic states Saturday , cutting power to hundreds of thousands in the region in what the president referred to as "  Snowmaggedon . " Snow fell from southern Indiana eastward to New York , Washington , Pennsylvania , Delaware and the New Jersey coast , gripping states and snarling traffic . The snow did n't stop everyone , however . Some made fun with the white stuff , fashioning "  people " out of snow or having snowball fights . In Washington 's Dupont Circle , about 1,000 people packed , rounded and flung snowballs in between outbursts of laughter . President Obama did n't let the snow keep him from his busy Washington schedule . Faced with the swirling flakes , Obama ditched "  the Beast " -- his souped-up Cadillac limousine -- for an armored , four-wheel drive Chevy Suburban capable of trudging through the several inches of snow . Despite plowing and shoveling , the continuous snow made for a slippery White House driveway . Before the 15-vehicle presidential motorcade pulled out of the driveway headed to the Capital Hilton for Obama 's speech to Democrats , one of the emergency vehicles lost traction and slid into an SUV . No one was in the car at the time . Sliding vehicles in Virginia hit six state police troopers ; three of the troopers suffered minor injuries , police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . About 25.5 inches of snow fell at American University in Washington over two days , inching the city toward the snowfall record . The capital received 28 inches of snow in the "  Knickerbocker Storm " of January 27-28 , 1922 . The blizzard has left hundreds of thousands of customers from Virginia to Pennsylvania without power , utility companies said . As of 7 p.m. , 92,840 customers were without power , Dominion Virginia Power said , down from 207,000 customers Saturday morning . In Maryland and Washington , 104,331 Pepco customers were in the dark , the utility company said . The majority , or 84,829 , live in Montgomery County , Maryland , and 7,643 live in Washington , according to Pepco . Another 23,163 Maryland customers were also without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. . Are you affected by winter weather ? Share photos , videos In Philadelphia , a reported 28.5 inches had fallen at the airport by 4:45 p.m. , the National Weather Service said . "  We are getting absolutely clobbered this morning with snow , " said Steven Steingard , a lawyer who lives in suburban Philadelphia . "  We have about a foot already and they say it will continue for 10 to 12 hours more . " The storm also may produce a record snowfall for Baltimore , which has reported up to 28 inches of snow so far , according to the National Weather Service . Flights canceled , highway crews mobilized In College Park , Maryland , snow-laden power lines drooped onto branches , causing power failures . One city resident , Ben Hampton , told CNN he could hear electrical transformers popping . Annapolis , Maryland , racked up 21.5 inches of snow by 3 p.m. Saturday . State officials said 2,400 pieces of equipment were trying to clear highways . The state also was relying on 300 National Guard members to help with ongoing weather trouble . Crews have about 12 to 24 more hours of work ahead to clear roads and ready them for the Monday commute , Maryland Emergency Management Agency spokesman Ed McDonough told CNN . "  It was coming down 2 to 3 inches an hour at times and snow plows just ca n't keep up with that , " he said . In some areas , snow piled as high as 30 inches tall , McDonough said . More than 750 personnel were clearing roads in Washington , Mayor Adrian Fenty said . But the heavy , wet snow has even trapped some plows , Washington Department of Transportation director Gabe Klein said . Flights were canceled at the Washington-Baltimore area 's three main airports and at Philadelphia International Airport . Amtrak has canceled many trains in and out of Washington , and Greyhound has halted bus service until 1 p.m. Sunday , Klein said . On Friday , a weather-related accident in Virginia 's Wythe County left two dead , state police said . A father and son stopped on a shoulder to help injured occupants of a disabled vehicle . Minutes later , a tractor-trailer jackknifed and struck their van while trying to avoid hitting the disabled car . The father and son died at the scene , state police said . Virginia state police said the accident was one of many crashes and disabled cars reported . Winter storm warnings were in effect from southern Indiana eastward to New York and south to North Carolina , with blizzard warnings for Washington , Delaware and the New Jersey coast . Delaware Gov. Jack Markell declared a state of emergency Friday night and ordered all vehicles off the roads by 10 p.m. Forecasters were predicting that the mountains of West Virginia and Maryland , west of the nation 's capital , would receive the most snow -- possibly 3 feet . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Suzanne Malveaux and Angela Fritz contributed to this report .	Maryland officials say 2,400 pieces of road-clearing equipment in use More than 200,000 still without power , though many customers reconnected 28.5 inches reported at the Philadelphia airport by 4:45 p.m Flights canceled at Washington-Baltimore area airports , as well as Philadelphia 's
CNN  -- Pfizer is recalling an additional 38,000 bottles of the cholesterol-fighting drug Lipitor after reports of an odor linked to the packaging bottles , the drug company said in a statement . The recall will affect Lipitor 40 mg tablets  atorvastatin calcium  distributed in the United States . The company said the bottles were supplied by a third-party manufacturer . "  We have thoroughly evaluated the root cause , which is episodic exposure of the bottles to low levels of TBA  tribromoanisole  as they are shipped or stored , " Pfizer said . The company said the rate of odor complaints was fewer than three per million bottles . Earlier this year , Pfizer recalled of more than 190,000 bottles of Lipitor due to similar odor-related complaints . "  Research indicates that a major source of TBA appears to be 2 , 4 , 6-tribromoanisole  TBP  , a chemical used as a wood preservative , " the company said . "  Although TBP often is applied to pallets used to transport and store a variety of products , Pfizer prohibits the utilization of TBP-treated wood in the shipment of its medicines . " Pfizer said a medical assessment found the risk of health consequences to patients appears to be minimal . According to the Food and Drug Administration , reports of drug contamination have been linked to a "  moldy or musty " odor in food and wine products . "  Currently available data indicate that serious adverse health effects have not resulted from ingestion of drugs or foods contaminated , " the FDA said , with such compounds at the levels of contamination that have been reported . But the agency noted another problem that could stem from contaminated drugs . "  Even if the health effects are minimal , -LSB- the -RSB- FDA is concerned that patients sensing an unusual odor that is not intrinsic to the product will stop taking their medication , " the administration said on its website . Pfizer said it does not expect a product shortage resulting from the new recall . Anyone with questions can call 1-888-LIPITOR . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Some bottles may have a moldy or musky odor Pfizer : The health risk is "  minimal " More than 190,000 bottles of Lipitor were recalled earlier this year
CNN  -- President Barack Obama unveiled Thursday a new military strategy . It calls for "  pivoting " from the Middle East to the Far East , focusing partly on the military buildup of China . Without a major public debate of the kind we have about raising taxes , or a congressional vote , the U.S. government is moving slowly but surely toward characterizing China as an aggressive superpower and is preparing for war , should it become necessary . James Clapper , retired lieutenant general and current director of national intelligence , characterized China , "  growing in its military capabilities , " as a "  mortal threat " to the United States . Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs , said , "  The Chinese military openly regards the United States as an enemy . We should not undermine our own security by thinking we can make friends with self-proclaimed adversaries with hospitality and open arms . " China 's leaders tend to stress that they do not seek a confrontation . Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei stated that "  China from beginning to end pursues a defensive national defense policy , and sticks to the path of peaceful development . " Still , one can readily find belligerent voices from China . Gen. Zhu Chenghu expressed willingness to abandon China 's "  no first use " nuclear weapons poloicy , to defend its claim over Taiwan and argued that China should use nuclear weapons against the United States should its military interfere . A 2011 editorial in the Global Times  an English edition of the Communist Party of China 's official newspaper  warned that countries involved in sea disputes with China "  need to prepare for the sounds of cannons . " Moreover , there were several incidents in which China exhibited provocative , troubling behavior . In 2009 , the Pentagon reported that five Chinese vessels "  shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship . " In 2011 , Chinese patrol boats cut a Vietnamese survey ship 's cables . American hawks hold that the U.S. must build up its military , given China 's rapid military buildup . However , American doves point out that China 's defense spending is rather small . Chinese government-released figures say they spent $ 70 billion on defense in 2009 , though U.S. DoD estimates place it somewhere between $ 122.5 billion and $ 175 billion . For comparison , the U.S. defense budget for fiscal year 2009 was about $ 687 billion . While China launched its first aircraft carrier in August 2011 , the U.S. Navy has 11 . As China 's economic growth slows and the cost of its social and environmental problems rises , it is likely to curb the increases in its defense spending -- unless spurred on by American moves . The same doves point out that China 's military modernization began from a low baseline . China 's highly bureaucratic and inefficient military-industrial complex lags behind even its own nonmilitary and non-state-owned counterparts . Its nuclear submarines are poorly designed . It has few military communications satellites . China 's nuclear-armed bomber fleet is woefully obsolete , and its military is reported to face major problems in its command-and-control systems . All but the most ardent Western hawks see no significant Chinese military threat to core U.S. interests in the near or even intermediate future . Robert Ross finds that "  the transformation of the PLA -LSB- People 's Liberation Army -RSB- into a region-wide strategic power will require many decades ... The transformation of the PLA into a global strategic power is an even more distant prospect . " And Kenneth Lieberthal contends , "  There is no serious military man in China or in the United States who thinks that China has any prayer of dominating the U.S. militarily in the coming three or four decades . " Hence , the U.S. can safely continue to seek to turn China into a partner before concluding that a course of confrontation is unavoidable . The U.S. could work with China to secure pathways for energy and raw materials that are very important to China , and should not bother us . The U.S. could agree with China to settle in an international court or through negotiations differences about claims over the South China Sea ; and stop calling on China 's neighboring countries to get together to oppose China 's legitimate interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	President Barack Obama unveiled U.S. military strategy which will focus more on Asia Amitai Etzioni says many voices in U.S. policy assume we should see China as potential enemy China has made provocative moves , but its forces are dwarfed by the U.S. military Etzioni : Rather than prepare for war , U.S. should reach out to improve relations with China
CNN  -- Misty Croslin , the last person known to see a 5-year-old Florida girl before she was reported missing on February 9 , 2009 , faces a sentence of up to 210 years in prison after pleading no contest Monday to unrelated drug charges . Croslin entered no contest pleas to seven counts of trafficking prescription drugs before a Putnam County , Florida , judge , said Chris Kelly , a spokesman for the state attorney 's office . Each first-degree count carries a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Croslin has a St. John 's County court appearance Tuesday on a single trafficking charge . All the counts stem from a series of incidents between around January of this year , during which Croslin allegedly sold hydrocodone to undercover officers . Calls to Croslin 's attorney , Robert Fields , were not immediately returned Monday . Kelly said that in terms of sentencing , there 's no distinction between pleading no contest to a felony and pleading guilty . At the time Haleigh Cummings went missing , Croslin was 17 and lived in the family 's mobile home with her then-husband , Ronald Cummings , and the girl and her 4-year-old brother . Croslin and Ronald Cummings were both arrested in January along with three others after allegedly selling about $ 3,900 worth of drugs to undercover officers , authorities said . The two divorced after Haleigh 's disappearance . Croslin told police she tucked Haleigh and the brother into bed about 8 p.m. February 8 , 2009 , and went to sleep two hours later . She said she awoke at 3 a.m. to find Haleigh missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings reported Haleigh missing when he returned from work at dawn . Police have said Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , the girl 's mother , are not considered suspects . Authorities believe Haleigh is dead and are treating the case as a homicide investigation . Authorities have previously said physical evidence contradicts Croslin 's account of the events that night . However , police have stopped short of naming Croslin as a suspect . In televised interviews , Croslin has said she does not know what happened to Haleigh but believes "  the other side of the family " knows where she is .	Misty Croslin pleads no contest to seven counts of drug trafficking She faces up to 210 years in prison , and possibly more Croslin was the last person known to see 5-year-old Haleigh Cummings
CNN  Two people were shot Saturday at a nightclub party in Charlotte , North Carolina , featuring rappers T.I. , Young Jeezy and Yo Gotti . Both victims are expected to survive , the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said in a news release . Police are searching for a suspect . "  Preliminary information and evidence gathered on the scene indicates that an unidentified suspect fired several shots from inside the club striking the two victims , " Charlotte police said in a news release . "  This is an ongoing , active investigation . " The shooting occurred around 7 p.m. at the Label nightclub , which is part of the popular N.C. Music Factory Complex . The nightclub was hosting a series of parties to celebrate the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association basketball tournament . The club reopened a few hours later for a P. Diddy concert . "  We feel the security is adequate to avoid an additional incident , and we want to make sure that the patrons enjoy the tournament weekend , " Label attorney Ken Harris told CNN affiliate WSOC . "  There is always a very high level of security at Label . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Both people shot at the nightclub Label in Charlotte are expected to survive The club reopens a few hours later for a P. Diddy concert
AUGUSTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Walking into the Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor is a lot like walking into a head shop . One wall is lined with gang monikers and symbols , the other with bongs for smoking marijuana and other drugs -- one even shaped like a skull . The Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor was set up by authorities to get at the heart of gang members . Only this head shop was a setup . It was a police front in a sting operation to bust gangs in this Georgia river city that most people associate with the Masters Tournament -- not violent thugs with high-powered weapons . Authorities said some guns sold to the shop were used in crimes just hours earlier . The tattoo parlor was the brainchild of Richmond County Sheriff Ron Strength , who wanted to snuff out gangs carrying out violent crimes in his east Georgia community . The idea was to create a place where the gang members would feel right at home , said sheriff 's Lt. Scott Peebles . And that they did . "  We put the idea in their heads that there 's no way these guys are in law enforcement , " he said . On Wednesday , more than 100 sheriff 's officers , state investigators and agents with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives carried out a major bust after an 18-month joint investigation into the gang activity . Watch cops set up tattoo parlor " Sixty-eight suspects were arrested on charges ranging from trafficking of illegal weapons to serious drug offenses . Authorities seized more than 300 weapons , including high-powered assault rifles . Rich Marianos , a special agent with the ATF , said such gang activity is spreading across the nation , with small-town gangs increasing their ties with gangs in major cities . For instance , New York gangs have begun moving as far south as the Carolinas , where they set up operations to buy and sell guns and drugs , he said . Chicago gang activity extends more than 60 miles into the Illinois city 's suburbs for narcotics and weapons trading . In fact , Marianos said the ATF has begun seeing some Chicago gangs establishing a "  pipeline " for illegal arms more than 500 miles away in Mississippi . "  It 's not just an urban problem , " Marianos said . "  We 're seeing it all over the country . " The ATF , he said , has seen one of the most dramatic increases in gang activity in the last three years and is cracking down . "  We want to look at a way to go after these offenders and prevent it before it happens , " he said . " -LSB- We 're -RSB- making the community safer by disarming the bad guys -- not taking guns away from the American citizen , but going after the people who should n't have them in the first place . " That 's why setting up a tattoo parlor in Augusta was key . Strength , the Richmond County sheriff , said he remembers when the worst crimes in these parts were lawn mower thefts and vandals pushing over birdbaths . But those days are long gone , with gangs such as the Georgia Deadly Boys and Fairington Gangster Thugs causing mayhem on a regular basis . "  In the past 21/2 years , we 've noticed some major changes , " he said , "  with the type of criminal offenses they were involved in . " So he devised the undercover business . The Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor on Tobacco Road was set up on the outskirts of Augusta . It 's a location not heavily patrolled by police , but staffed 100 percent by undercover agents . Business was slow at first , but then things took off . Gang members soon began dropping in to sell guns , drugs and even stolen cars , authorities said . Every transaction was recorded by surveillance cameras around the store . Soon the shop had so much business the Richmond County Sheriff 's Office had to call in reinforcements from the ATF . Four federal agents helped the sheriff 's deputies man the counters ; others worked behind the scenes . Vanessa McLemore , ATF special agent in charge , said the teams had to coordinate their behaviors so it seemed like they fit in the store . "  They spent a lot of time together learning each other 's mannerisms , learning each other 's body language . It had to be a brotherhood , " she said . On the store counter was a jar of colored markers to invite clients to write their favorite gang affiliation on the wall . Peebles said agents used the wall for intelligence . "  At the very least we got names , " he said . The shop even put up its ' own MySpace page . "  You think it , we ink it " was the MySpace slogan . It featured the back of a tattooed man , and below in large red letters agents told visitors to the site , "  We buy what others wo n't . " Authorities said the guns came rolling in , and then came this week 's bust . "  Today marks the end of one era and the beginning of another , " McLemore said . "  The era that is ending is one that has brought destruction and decay to the streets of Augusta . " E-mail to a friend	Tattoo parlor run by cops leads to major bust of Georgia gangs Authorities even set up a MySpace page as part of the ring ATF says big-time gangs are gaining ground outside major cities ATF agent : "  We 're seeing it all over the country "
CNN  -- Spain , a eurozone behemoth , is in the crosshairs of Europe 's financial crisis . The country is suffering from soaring borrowing costs , a banking system leaking cash and unemployment rates at devastating levels . Greece might be risking expulsion from the eurozone but Spain 's situation is a focus of concern . If such a major economy were to fail , the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across Europe -- and the globe . Just how bad is the pain in Spain ? On Thursday , Spain will reveal its 2013 budget , which is expected to introduce harsh new austerity measures . Reports have suggested they could match the potential requirements of a full sovereign bailout . According to Michala Marcussen , Societe Generale economist , "  substantial efforts " will be required to meet a budget deficit target of 4.5 % . Pension reforms are possible , such as fast-tracking plans to increase the retirement age to 67 from 65 , while taxation and labor markets could also be targeted , Marcussen noted . The budget is followed by Friday 's release of the country 's banking audit , which is expected to reveal details of the sector 's financial needs . Consensus sits at $ 60 billion and "  too low a number will raise concerns that there are more hidden losses to come -- all the more given the very frail economic backdrop , " Marcussen wrote in an analysis note . The audit follows an agreement by eurozone finance ministers in June to give aid to Spain , tagging up to $ 100 billion to shore up its banking sector . At the time , Spain 's prime minister , Mariano Rajoy , said the deal meant "  European credibility won , the future of the euro won -LSB- and -RSB- Europe won . " The country has been facing credit issues after its financial problems were thrown into sharp relief by the bailout of Bankia , the country 's fourth-largest bank . Bankia was forced to call for $ 19 billion  $ 23.7 billion  in assistance in May , panicking markets . It sent Spain 's cost of borrowing  for the sovereign 10-year bond  toward 7 % -- a level which is regarded as unsustainable and has precipitated bailouts of other euro countries . But Spain -- in its second recession since 2009 -- has been dubbed "  too big to bail , too big to fail . " The Spanish economy is the eurozone 's fourth-largest -- after Germany , France and Italy -- making up around 11 % of the bloc 's GDP . To put that in perspective , Greece , Portugal and Ireland -- the three eurozone countries which have already been bailed out -- combined make up less than 6 % of the bloc 's economy . A request for aid would likely create a backlash in the markets and test the European Central Bank 's plan to buy up sovereign bonds on the secondary market . How did Spain reach this point ? Spain 's banking sector is facing up to years of bad investments , largely in real estate , which was buoyed by cheap credit and the country 's sunny climate . Its housing boom-times of 2002 to 2008 were fed , in part , by retired north Europeans buying up second houses in places such as Valencia and Murcia , according to political scientist Julio Embid , of think-tank Fundacin Alternativas . Real estate prices have now fallen some 30 % to 50 % from their highs , leaving Spain 's banks , or cajas with housing stock on their books whose current value is much lower than the original . Meanwhile hundreds of thousands of houses built during the boom remain unsold , and people wanting to buy may find it difficult to get credit . Embid also points to the cajas ' politically-driven executive appointments as a contributing factor to the crisis . "  Many senior bankers were low-profile regional politicians or majors , without any financial experience or bank background , " he said . What has Spain done to try and sort through this mess ? The government set up the FROB  Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring  in 2009 , to help reorganize its banking sector , and has received international recognition for its efforts to date . According to April 's International Monetary Fund report , the country has reduced the number of financial institutions from 45 to 11 . The report noted : "  The authorities are , rightly , focusing on strengthening the banking sector . " It said the authorities were showing "  an appropriate sense of urgency " but also warned that "  unless the weak institutions are quickly and adequately cleaned up , the sound banks will suffer unnecessarily by a continued loss of market confidence in the banking sector . " As it stands , the banks have an estimated $ 300 billion of problem loans on their books , with the full cost of recovery not yet clear . What other headaches does Spain face ? In addition to the financial sector 's problems , Spain could be liable for the debts of several regional governments , which have been hit with ratings downgrades . Spain also has an unemployment crisis , with more than half those under 24 out of work , and almost one in four people overall . Spain 's jobless rate has helped pushed the eurozone 's total unemployment rate to 11 % -- its highest since the eurozone was created in 1999 . Why is the economy collapsing now ? The situation in Spain has developed like a perfect storm , with money being pulled out of the country , despite the desperate need to stem capital flight and support its banking system . This leaves Spain in a precarious financial state , driving investors away , pushing up its borrowing costs and making it more likely to need a bailout . It 's a reminder of how governments are inextricably tied to their country 's banking systems , essentially the lifeblood of their economy . In Ireland , the banking sector 's similar gorge on property forced the country to take a $ 67.5 billion bailout in 2010 . The mood of the markets may , ultimately , dictate Spain 's ability to pull itself from its financial hole . Investors already twitchy about the prospect of a "  Grexit " -- a Greek exit from the euro -- will react badly to further bad news out of Spain . Ratings agency Standard & Poor 's has put the chance of Greece exiting the euro at around one in three , but says the impact of such an outcome on other countries is not yet clear . The struggles in Europe have been exacerbated by continued miserable news out of the U.S. Where does Madrid stand when it comes to making cuts to public services ? Spain 's emergence as the crisis epicenter has again fed debate over the value of austerity over stimulus . Greece , the first euro country to take a bailout , has been swallowing austerity medicine since 2010 . But its economy has slid further into recession , and initial hopes it could detach itself from external life-lines within two years now look wildly optimistic . Spain has also been implementing austerity measures to try and combat its crisis . Rajoy , who won a landslide victory over the Socialist Party in November 2011 , focused on cost cutting and labor reforms . But , as with other fragile countries within the euro bloc , Spain 's economy remains weak and its unemployment levels continue to rise . Some European leaders are now voicing concerns against austerity measures and in the U.S. , the Federal Reserve has moved towards more stimulus , with further quantitative easing . CNNMoney 's Aaron Smith , Alfred Souza and Ben Rooney , and CNN 's Al Goodman and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Spain , a eurozone behemoth , is in the crosshairs of Europe 's financial crisis The country faces soaring borrowing costs , a banking system in disarray and high unemployment rates If such a major economy were to fail , the repercussions could cause unprecedented havoc across the globe But the situation in Spain is developing like a "  perfect storm , " with money being pulled out of the country
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has indefinitely blocked travel for convoys , carrying food and military supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , through a key mountain pass . Armed militants pose next to a captured armored vehicle near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . But in a statement , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said , "  We do not expect any impact on ISAF 's ability to carry out operations . " The decision to suspend travel through the Khyber Pass in northwest Pakistan was taken due to security concerns , said Gula Jan , a security official in Khyber Agency , on Sunday . The mountain pass links Pakistan to its neighbor , Afghanistan . It is in the Khyber Agency , one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants there have to be trucked in from Pakistan . Officials said militants aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda have carried several attacks there . The Pakistani central government has little control in the area , and the area is believed to be a haven for militants . On Tuesday , as many as 60 to 70 armed militants launched back-to-back assaults on convoys . The militants seized 13 trucks -- 12 carrying wheat into Afghanistan as part of a World Food Programme convoy , and one transporting Humvees to the U.S.-led coalition , Khyber Agency officials said . Jan said the decision to suspend travel came after local leaders met with representatives of some of the shipping firms . He said trucks will be allowed through the pass once the security situation improves , but did not specify a date . Dozens of trucks idled by the side of roads Sunday in the Khyber Agency and in Peshawar waiting for the green light . In its statement , ISAF said it has "  multiple , robust and complementary lines of support . " It added that for security and geographical reasons , "  the movements of civilian convoys destined for ISAF are coordinated with Pakistani authorities and border crossing points . The current temporary adjustments in convoy movements are as a result of this coordination . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO force expects no impact on ability to carry out operations Pakistan suspends convoys into Afghanistan through key mountain pass Route was used to carry food and military supplies to U.S. troops Militants seized U.S. humvees , food aid in ambush earlier this week
CNN  -- World number one Roger Federer has expressed concern over plans to move the French Open from Roland Garros to the suburbs of Paris . Officals are looking into the possibility of shifting the clay court grand slam to one of three possible sites outside the city if they are unable to agree plans to expand Roland Garros . "  Let 's think twice before we act , " Federer told reporters after progressing to the second round of the tournament . "  If we move elsewhere , does it make sense ? There is a lot of money at stake . " The French Open has been played at Roland Garros since the tournament began in 1928 . Should the French Open leave Roland Garros ? But officials are looking for a new site with better access for cars and more room for spectators to move around outside the courts . "  What about the soul of Roland Garros ? " asked Federer . "  This is what we might miss after . "	Federer queries plans to move French Open away from Paris home at Roland Garros French Open has been player at Roland Garros since event began in 1928 Officials are examining three possible sites in the suburbs of the capital
CNN  The Internet is a dangerous place for Mariam Veiszadeh right now . It 's where death threats lurk and vile messages appear faster than they can be deleted . But it 's also a place where support is growing in a Twitter counter-campaign -- #IStandWithMariam -- to the urgings of a U.S.-based white supremacist website , the Daily Stormer , to "  be as nasty , hurtful , hateful , offensive , insulting and ` vilifying ' as you possibly can . " And they have been . "  Leave now before we behead your mother and bury you all with pigs ... " said one tweet from an account , which has since been suspended . Many of the messages include extremely offensive hashtags . Veiszadeh , an Australian lawyer and founder of the Islamophobia Register , which tracks instances of abuse against Muslims , knows exactly why she 's being targeted . "  The reality is people do n't abuse me just because I 'm a woman or because my name is Mariam or because I 'm Middle-Eastern . They abuse me because I have a scarf on my head and because I 'm a Muslim , " Veiszadeh told CNN . Last October , Veiszadeh posted an image of a T-shirt for sale in Woolworths , one of Australia 's biggest retailers , which showed the Australian flag with the words "  If you do n't love it , leave . " She called the shirt "  bigoted , " a flood of complaints followed and the shirt was withdrawn from sale . Woolworths apologized and blamed an ordering error , saying it "  should never have been on our shelves . " That could have been the end of it . However , three months later , the Australian Defence League  ADL  -- a right-wing group that 's calling for Islam to be banned in Australia -- posted Veiszadeh 's tweet on its Facebook site , along with another one she posted saying "  Everyone is entitled to dress as they please , " with the title "  Hypocrisy Much ? " The post attracted dozens of offensive comments . Abusive tweets followed but the campaign took a more sinister -- and organized -- twist when the Daily Stormer implored its "  troll army " to attack her . The post , in part , justifies the attack as revenge for the prosecution of a 22-year-old woman from Ipswich , in the Australian state of Queensland . The woman allegedly sent a stream of invective to Veiszadeh , calling her a tramp , whore , "  rag head " and other offensive names . She 's been charged with "  using a carriage service to menace , harass or cause offense " and is due to appear on court on March 11 . On the blog post calling for the tirade of abuse , the Daily Stormer publisher justifies the attack by saying attempts to ban freedom of speech "  should be responded to with the most ridiculous conceivable hateful speech . " It recalls a similar "  successful " campaign against Luciana Berger , a British MP who was targeted with a barrage of abusive messages after a man was jailed for sending her an anti-Semitic tweet . "  The goal of these operations is to purposefully enrage the target , so as to escalate the situation to the level of media attention , and the method for doing that is through the most extreme speech possible , " writes Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin on one blogpost . He said attention would force a discussion about whether people should be jailed for hate speech , concluding that "  the vast majority of White  sic  people do not think name-calling should be an imprisonable offense . " Veiszadeh is adamant the campaign of intimidation will not be successful . "  If their stated objective is to silence me , then my stated objective is to do the exact opposite , " she said . Earlier this week , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott foreshadowed tougher penalties for hate speech , as part of a move to strengthen the country 's counter-terrorism laws . "  No one should make excuses for Islamist fanatics or their imitators here in Australia , " Abbott said . Australia 's Race Discrimination Commissioner Tim Soutphommasane -- who himself has been the target of a Daily Stormer hate campaign -- says the country 's current laws under the Racial Discrimination Act "  send an important message to bigots and racists . " "  Those who peddle messages of hatred should be made to answer for their extremism . And they should know that the rest of Australian society rejects their promotion of fear and division , " he said . However , the Racial Discrimination Act does not cover attacks on a person based on their religious beliefs . That 's covered by state laws , which vary from state to state . Veiszadeh said in New South Wales , where most of Australia 's Muslims live , there 's no law to cover Muslims who are abused on the basis of their religion . Of the Queensland woman due to face court , Veiszadeh said , "  Had this woman not referred to my ethnicity , I would have absolutely no grounds to take action against her . " But even a change in Australian law would n't solve the issue of attacks emanating from outside the country by trolls who create multiple fake accounts to attack then vanish . The Daily Stormer has issued instructions to its followers on exactly how to do it , reminding them not to threaten violence  though some have  , presumably in an attempt to avoid legal action . Right now , Veiszadeh is concentrating on naming the trolls and urging her 15,000 followers to block their accounts . "  I 'm still getting horrifying images and abusive tweets but , as bad as that sounds , I 've become accustomed to it . I 've developed a thick skin and for me it 's about exposing bigotry and raising awareness about Islamophobia . "	Australian lawyer receives barrage of abuse at the urgings of a U.S. website The Daily Stormer instructed followers to be as " nasty , hurtful , hateful , offensive " as possible Counter campaign sees thousands tweet #IStandWithMariam
Windsor , England  CNN  -- The choice of Westminster Abbey as location for the most eagerly awaited royal wedding in 30 years has taken most royal experts by surprise ; their consensus of opinion over the past week suggested that St. Paul 's would oversee the marriage of Prince William and Catherine Middleton . But on reflection , the abbey is the most obvious and perfect venue . By choosing it , William is showing an astute awareness of his royal status and ultimate destiny as king of England . As a modern royal couple in a modern royal family , William and Kate will start their married life in the most ancient of royal buildings , stepping into the future with one foot firmly in the past and an obliging nod to those kings and queens buried there . Designed and built as a life 's work by Edward the Confessor , Westminster Abbey was consecrated in 1065 . Edward was too ill to attend the abbey 's opening ceremony and rounded off a particularly miserable Christmas by dying a few days later on January 5 in the fateful year of 1066 , the year of the Norman conquest  he is the first monarch to be buried there  . Since then , Westminster Abbey has ruled supreme as the ultimate royal venue . Every monarch since 1066 has been crowned at the abbey , and 17 monarchs are buried beneath its huge Gothic arches . It has also seen more than its fair share of royal marriages . The current queen was married there , as was her father , King George VI , and two of her children , Anne and Andrew . But inevitably , in the modern world , Westminster Abbey is inextricably linked to the funeral of Princess Diana , and this is the reason many considered it an inappropriate venue for William and Kate 's wedding .  Even today , some 12 years after the event , the harrowing image of Diana 's coffin being carried into the abbey , draped in the royal standard and covered in lilies , reduces many to tears . Still , by all accounts , William and Kate are indeed determined to be a traditional royal couple ; despite the current recession , their wedding will be a celebration , with the pomp and circumstance only Great Britain can produce . Neither Kate nor William is making any radical concession to the modern world or demanding any changes in their royal duties . They scarcely have to . His parents had laid much groundwork for the updating of the monarchy . As strange as it may seem today , Charles and Diana were once considered a thoroughly modern couple . They decided , for example , that Diana would not promise to "  obey " her husband at the marriage ceremony , their first-born would be the next monarch  as opposed to the first male child  , and any children they did have would be brought up as close to a "  normal " childhood as possible . That the marriage ended in divorce is sad , but 50 percent of marriages in the UK today end in divorce ; again , they were a thoroughly modern couple . When William brought Kate out to face the world 's press last week , standing together as equals , so obviously in love , you could see how successful Charles and Diana have been . William and Kate are now the golden couple of a very modern monarchy , and it is predominantly because of the influence of his parents  and some help from the queen  that Britain 's future king has embraced this position with such maturity . The monarchy today is a vastly different institution from the one Diana joined all those years ago . The queen now reigns over a multiracial , multifaith , multiethnic population . Prince Charles has acknowledged this fact by promising to be defender of faith , as opposed to defender of the faith when he is crowned king . Such realities give the lie to the doom merchants crawling out of the woodwork and condemning the monarchy as an archaic institution that has no role in the modern world . The marriage of William and Kate at Westminster Abbey will be just the tonic a jaded Great Britain needs . Some may scoff , but it is interesting how fast the front pages of the world 's newspapers and the schedules of the news channels were cleared once the official announcement was made last week ; proving yet again that the House of Windsor is the longest-running , and best-loved , news story of them all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Saunders .	Mark Saunders says many royal watchers thought William and Kate would wed at St. Paul 's But Westminster Abbey is future king 's nod to the past , he says It has power of tradition as site of royal weddings , Princess Diana 's funeral , he says Saunders : Couple embraces tradition in monarchy modernized by Charles and Diana
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- As a symbol of national pride and success , South Korea and Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung , carries more weight on his shoulders than the need to perform . South Korea 's Park Ji-Sung celebrates after at the 2006 World Cup against France . Park , once rejected from his country 's own K-League , is now considered the ambassador of Korean football . A responsibility he seems to able carry . "  I want to push my way through Manchester United 's star players and put my name on the list of the best 11 team . Park Ji-Sung talks to CNN "  I want to show the world how good Korean players are by playing well in the top flight , " Park wrote in his book "  Neverending Challenge " before he joined United . Park 's autobiography , which illustrates his life as a football player since he started out at the age of ten , became a bestseller after being published in 2006 . It is no surprise . Park is a celebrity in South Korea and is swamped with fans wherever he goes . His hometown , Suwon , near to Seoul , built a park and named a road after Park to commemorate him becoming the first Premier League-r in South Korean history . Park may even become the first Asian to win a Championship League medal after this season . Nicknamed "  Three-lung Park " for his seemingly overflowing energy supply , the South Korean papers plaster their front pages with Park if he scores and give out the smallest details of how many minutes he ran in each match . But Park 's football career had not really drawn much attention until the recent years . He was mostly unknown to the public until he scored the winning goal to defeat Portugal in the 2002 World Cup in which South Korea reached the semifinals for the first time ever . "  People like him because there 's a touching story behind him , " football commentator Park Moon Sung at SBS , one of Korea 's major broadcasters , said . "  They can see how this player , who never really got much attention , is maturing over the years . " The South Korea player , after receiving no calls from the K-League , started his professional career in Japan with Kyoto Purple in 2000 . It was only after the 2002 World Cup that he joined PSV Eindhoven and proceeded to join Manchester United in 2005 . Park has so far managed to keep his private life out of spotlight , most likely due to his quiet personality , a quality that is also reflected in his performances . "  He 's someone who pumps energy into the entire team . He 's not like a magician who can save the team from its worst moments with dazzling skills , " the SBS commentator said . "  It 's more like he plays for the others and brings the team together which is something very much needed in a team like Manchester United with all its stars . " Park 's joining of Manchester United has enriched the football culture in Korea . Many who started watching European games because of Park have now become avid fans . "  I would like Park Ji-Sung to become a symbol of challenge for all Koreans , " 30-year-old Kim Young Woo , who is a great fan of Park , said . Kim said he admires Park for never giving up and admits to watching at least 70 percent of all Manchester United games even if it means staying up until three in the morning on weekdays . "  I think young people will look at him and tell themselves that they want to take on challenges , too , " Kim said . Something Park wants to see as well . The midfielder signed on a deal to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown fully equipped with training areas and football fields . He believes there should be a better future for Korean football .	Park scored the winning goal against Portugal in the 2002 World Cup Played for PSV Eindhoven before joining Manchester United The midfielder plans to build a Park Ji-Sung football center in his hometown
CNN  -- A man suspected of conspiring with a terrorist network responsible for the deaths of five U.S. soldiers in Iraq was arrested Wednesday in Canada , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office for the Eastern District of New York . Faruq Khalil Muhammad , 38 , is charged with conspiring to kill Americans abroad and providing material support to a terrorist network that conducted suicide bombings in Iraq , the statement said . He was arrested by authorities after a U.S. warrant was issued for his arrest . The five U.S. soldiers were killed on April 10 , 2009 , when a Tunisian man drove a truck filled with explosives to the gate of a U.S. forward operating base in Mosul , Iraq . The trucks ' detonation destroyed a vehicle in a nearby U.S. convoy , killing Sgt. Gary L. Woods , 24 ; Sgt. 1st . Class Bryan E. Hall , 32 ; Sgt. Edward W. Forrest Jr. , 25 ; Cpl. Jason G. Pautsch , 20 ; and Pvt. Bryce E. Gaultier , 22 , the statement said . Muhammed is suspected of providing material support for that attack and allegedly sought to conduct attacks himself and become a suicide bomber , the statement said . "  There is no safe harbor for terrorists , including those who endeavor to spread violence from halfway across the world , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch in the statement . "  Today 's arrest demonstrates that we have not forgotten that sacrifice  of U.S. soldiers  and will continue to use every available means to bring to justice all those who are responsible . " It was not immediately clear whether Muhammed had obtained legal representation . The Justice Department said it would seek to have Muhammed extradited to the United States for trial . If convicted , Muhammed faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment , the statement said .	Faruq Khalil Muhammad was arrested in Canada He is suspected of conspiring to kill U.S. soldiers in Iraq He was arrested by authorities after a U.S. warrant was issued for his arrest If convicted , he could face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment
CNN  After a weekend shipwreck off the coast of Italy that may have killed hundreds of migrants , the International Organization for Migrants said Monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . Authorities still do n't know the fate of many of the passengers , including children , who were on the large ship bound from Libya to Europe that capsized Saturday night in the frigid waters of the Mediterranean Sea . That sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages . "  Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat , sometimes even at gunpoint , " Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said . "  They 're putting them on the road to death , really , and nothing else . " A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya , and the number of potential victims is not clear . A Bangladeshi survivor told investigators there were 950 people on board . Previous estimates put the number around 700 . Maltese authorities , who are working with Italian rescuers , said around 50 people had been saved . But the Italian Coast Guard said 28 people had been rescued and 24 bodies recovered . Two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in Sicily , according to Italian police officer Maria Guia Federico . On Monday , European Union ministers met in Luxembourg and proposed a 10-point plan to help address the crisis . "  We are not yet working on numbers , but what we have agreed on today is , for sure , the need to increase significantly the resources at sea , and the level of the operation , doing more search and rescue and doing it more together , " Federica Mogherini told CNN 's "  The World Right Now with Hala Gorani . " The EU high representative for foreign affairs and security policy said the European Union must fight human traffickers , strengthen Europeans ' duty to save lives at sea and share responsibility when it comes to the resettlement and relocation of refugees . "  We need to fight the organizations that are trafficking and smuggling people , so that we can prevent desperate people from leaving in desperate conditions , " Mogherini said . "  My pain is that it was a reaction coming too late after so many people died . " Migrants have been attempting the perilous journey across the Mediterranean to southern Europe for years , but authorities have reported a sudden surge in the past 10 days , along with a grim spike in the number of those who are killed en route . Already this year , more than 900 migrants are believed to have died while crossing the Mediterranean , far more than during the same period in 2014 , the International Organization for Migration said last week . Since the beginning of 2015 , more than 35,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the Mediterranean Sea -- 23,500 have landed in Italy and more than 12,000 in Greece , according to the United Nations High Commission on Human Rights . While those numbers sound high , they were even higher the previous year . In 2014 , approximately 219,000 refugees and migrants sailed across the Mediterranean , with most having to be rescued by the Italian Navy , Coast Guard or merchant ships , the UNCHR said . It is estimated that 3,500 people in 2014 died at sea . On Monday , yet another boat sank off the Greek island of Rhodes , killing at least three people , the Greek Merchant Marine Ministry said . Of the 83 people reported on board , at least 57 survived . Those confirmed dead were a man , a woman and a child . The capsizing of the ship that departed from Libya marked the worst such disaster so far . As rescuers approached the boat in response to a distress call Saturday night , authorities say , migrants moved to one side , hoping to be saved . Their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers  70 miles  north of Libya , sending many passengers plunging into the sea . According to one Bangladeshi survivor , large numbers of people remained trapped inside the boat as it sank . Smugglers -- human traffickers organizing the voyages -- had locked the doors to the lower levels of the vessel , the survivor told Italian authorities . "  Our troops , together with the Italian navy , are literally looking through the bodies to try to find someone who 's still alive , " Muscat said . While the shipwreck was an accident , Muscat slammed the human traffickers whom he accused of risking people 's lives by putting them on rickety ships in unpredictable waters . It 's "  genocide -- nothing less than genocide , really , " Muscat told CNN . "  A mass grave is being created in the Mediterranean Sea and European policies are responsible , " said Loris De Filippi , the president of the international aid group Doctors Without Borders . He compared the high number of deaths to "  figures from a war zone . " De Filippi called on European states to immediately launch large-scale search and rescue operations with proactive patrolling as close as possible to Libyan shores . "  Faced with thousands of desperate people fleeing wars and crises , Europe has closed borders , forcing people in search of protection to risk their lives and die at sea , " he said . "  This tragedy is only just beginning , but it can and should be stopped . " Save the Children similarly called on European officials to do more . "  What we needed from EU foreign ministers today was life-saving action , but they dithered , " the group 's CEO Justin Forsyth said in a statement . "  With each day we delay we lose more innocent lives and Europe slips further into an immoral abyss . Right now , people desperately seeking a better life are drowning in politics . " Many of the migrants who board ships to cross the Mediterranean come from sub-Saharan Africa , often traveling for weeks or months just to get to the ships . They 're seeking a better life , but many are exploited by the ruthless smugglers who organize the voyages . "  There is a well-oiled machine with the human traffickers , first by land and then by sea , and they feel the need for these desperate people who just want to get to Europe at all costs , " said Rome-based journalist Barbie Nadeau . The situation on board the boat that sank over the weekend is n't unusual , based on accounts of previous voyages . On old fishing boats , "  people are crammed into what used to be the frozen live tank compartments in the bottom of the ship , " Nadeau said . "  Those are the cheaper tickets . People that want to be out on the upper deck , which is the prime space , pay a little more for that service . " Traffickers are believed to charge anywhere from 6,000 euros to 8,000 euros  $ 6,450 to $ 8,600  per person for the dangerous voyage , she said . Italy 's proximity to the North African coast puts it on the front line of tackling the continent 's migration crisis . "  We 're swamped , " Sandro Gozi , the Italian minister for European affairs , told French daily Le Monde . "  There 's not even enough space in Sicily 's cemeteries to bury the dead . " An Italian search and rescue program , Mare Nostrum , was credited with rescuing more than 160,000 migrants in the space of a year . But it ended in October because of budget constraints and criticism from the European Union that the program itself was encouraging migrants to head across the Mediterranean . The European Union 's border control agency , Frontex , started its own mission in November , known as Triton , with a budget of less than a third of that of Mare Nostrum . Frontex has no vessels or surveillance equipment of its own , so has to rely on European member states to lend it ships . As anti-immigrant parties thrive across the continent , European nations are collectively struggling to cope with the migration crisis on their doorstep . "  We ca n't act as if each tragedy is the last while crossing our fingers that another one does n't happen , " Gozi told Le Monde , lamenting "  a total absence " of European Union policy on how to deal with refugees arriving in Europe . The European Commission , the executive branch of the EU , said Sunday it was consulting member states , European agencies and international organizations to prepare what it called a European Migration Strategy to be adopted in mid-May . "  These are human lives at stake , and the European Union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act , " it said . But international groups say European governments are failing to do enough . Doctors Without Borders will begin its own rescue effort , De Filippi said , because "  as a medical , humanitarian organization , we simply can not wait any longer . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Hada Messia , Josh Levs and Catherine E. Shoichet and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	Two survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking , police say European officials propose a 10-point plan meant to address the crisis A survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked doors
With images of violence and torture coming out of Syria daily , a U.N. panel on Friday stated what many people consider obvious : ISIS has committed war crimes and crimes against humanity , and leaders of the militant group should be held accountable by organizations such as the International Criminal Court . The U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria based its conclusions on more than 300 firsthand accounts and included photos and videos of violence and victims , a statement said . "  Those that fled consistently described being subjected to acts that  terrorize  and aim to silence the population , " said Paulo Pinheiro , chairman of the commission . The commission issued a paper titled "  Rule of Terror : Living Under ISIS in Syria " that described previously known ISIS tactics such as killing , enslavement , rape and sexual slavery . But the report provides details about other , less sensational abuses , such as the penalty for smoking or having tattoos . "  ISIS also carries out amputations and lashings in public spaces in its areas of control , " the paper said . Men have had their hands amputated for allegedly committing theft . The group has also amputated the fingers of men caught smoking , according to the commission 's report . "  Men have been lashed for being in the company of women who ISIS considers to be ` improperly ' dressed , for smoking , not attending Friday prayers , trading during prayer times and for having tattoos . " ISIS targets women and children The acts of terror are not random occurrences but are part of the ISIS organizational policy , the paper said . That 's why commanders for ISIS , sometimes called the Islamic State , should be held accountable by groups such as the International Criminal Court , the paper said . ISIS aims to establish a ruling Islamic government in Syria and Iraq . Richard Dicker , director of the International Justice Program for Human Rights Watch , said the International Criminal Court could only become involved in Syria if the U.N. Security Council approves . A previous U.N. motion on Syria was thwarted by veto votes by China and Russia , he said . "  The ICC has no say-so , " he said . "  The power lies in the hands of the U.N. Security Council . " The commission 's report about war crimes is significant , however , because it focuses only on ISIS and not the other groups involved in the Syrian conflict , Dicker said . "  It reshapes the frame around ISIS 's actions , " he said . ISIS is well-financed and draws fighters from many nations , including the United States and other Western countries . ISIS targets ethnic groups , journalists , women and children , the paper said . "  Unmarried women -- whom ISIS considers to be females over the age of puberty -- pose a particular threat to the armed group 's enforced social order , " the paper said . "  Parents of unmarried women and girls are terrified of their daughters being forced to marry ISIS fighters and as a result , early marriage is on the rise . Their fears are not unfounded . "  There are distressing accounts of fighters taking girls as young as 13 years old away from their families , resulting in violations of international humanitarian law and acts that amount to war crimes of cruel treatment , sexual violence and rape . " Education is used to indoctrinate children , the paper said . Propaganda and social media In the Syrian city of Raqqah , "  children are gathered for screenings of videos depicting mass executions of government soldiers ,  desensitizing  them to extreme violence . By using , conscripting and enlisting children for active combat roles , the group is perpetrating abuses and war crimes on a massive scale in a systematic and organized manner , " the paper said . Children are also exposed to horrific sights , such as public executions , public mutilations and the display of bodies in town squares and other visible spots , it said . Besides terror , ISIS exerts control by taking journalists captive and regulating public services in areas it controls , the paper said . "  At the core of ISIS ' propaganda strategy is an effective use of modern communications , particularly social media for purposes of recruitment and fundraising , " it said . "  Many new recruits , from the region and beyond , have been influenced by widely disseminated violent images of executions , beheadings and stonings . " In other news from Syria , the United States-led coalition carried out 20 airstrikes , including 19 against ISIS and one against the al Qaeda-linked group , Khorasan , U.S. Central Command said Friday . The strikes happened between Wednesday and Friday and 17 of them destroyed ISIS positons and vehicles near Kobani . An airstrike east of the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa destroyed one of the militants training camp . The strike against several terror suspects associated with the Khorasan group took place west of Aleppo . Meanwhile the coalition also conducted 16 airstrikes in Iraq against ISIS , including two strikes west of Kirkuk , three near Baiji and one near Fallujah that destroyed a large ISIS unit , according to Central Command .	U.N. commission includes photos and videos of abuse , victims ' accounts Panel says actions by ISIS amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity Men have had fingers amputated for smoking , U.N. report says ISIS leaders should be held accountable by an international court , paper says
CNN  -- Despite some high-profile bombings in recent days , Iraq 's security forces are ready to take over for U.S. forces this week to stabilize the nation 's major cities , the U.S. commander in Iraq told CNN on Sunday . Except for soldiers in advisory roles , all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 . Army Gen. Ray Odierno said he 's seen a "  constant improvement " in both the security situation and governance in Iraq to prepare for the June 30 deadline for U.S. troops to withdraw from major cities . "  They 've been working for this for a long time , " Odierno said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " In a separate interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Odierno said all U.S. troops already were out of Iraq 's major cities before Tuesday 's deadline . "  We have already moved out of the cities , " Odierno said . "  We 've been slowly doing it over the last eight months . And the final units have moved out of the cities over the last several weeks . " Watch CNN 's Michael Ware on the U.S. withdrawal " The shift is part of the security agreement that former President George W. Bush 's administration signed with Iraq . In the CNN interview , Odierno blamed the recent violence in Iraq on "  extremist elements using the timeframe and date to gain attention to themselves and divert attention from the success of Iraqi security forces . " The 131,000 U.S. troops in Iraq still will "  maintain full coordination with Iraqi forces inside the cities " and continue to have intelligence capacity , Odierno said . With approval from the Iraqis , they also will carry out operations in major cities as necessary , he said . Odierno said his goal is to help provide security that allows Iraq to hold planned national elections leading to the eventual removal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2011 . He said his biggest worry is a breakdown in stability such as a "  consistent increase in violence " or a situation that Iraqi forces ca n't handle . "  I do n't see that " happening , Odierno said . "  I think we 're on the right path . " Odierno also said Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , including training insurgents and paying surrogates . But he said his mission is limited to providing security within Iraq , no matter the provocation from Iran or elsewhere . "  I 'm not authorized to do anything outside the borders of Iraq , " he said . Iran 's government has repeatedly denied fomenting violence inside Iraq .	Gen. Ray Odierno sees "  constant improvement " in security , governance in Iraq Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , Odierno says Iranian government repeatedly denies instigating violence inside Iraq
The trial of a high-profile Chinese activist accused of organizing protests against official corruption wrapped up after a one-day hearing on Wednesday , his lawyer told CNN . Prosecutors alleged that Xu Zhiyong "  gathered a crowd to disturb public order " after a series of small protests when demonstrators unfurled banners in Beijing calling for officials to publicly declare their assets , lawyer Zhang Qingfang said . Zhang added that said Xu could face up to five years in prison if he is found guilty . The lawyer did not know when the verdict would be announced but said he assumed his client would be found guilty because of the political nature of the case . Xu founded the New Citizens Movement , which calls for official transparency and rule of law . In court , Xu tried to read a prepared statement highlighting the goals of the movement and declaring his innocence but was interrupted by the judge when he spoke about wanting top leaders to be transparent about their assets , his lawyer said . "  Calling on officials to reveal their assets was our effort to promote the country 's anti-graft system , " Xu said before being removed from the courtroom , according to his lawyer . "  More than 137 countries and regions in the world have established such systems , why ca n't China ? What are those ` people 's servants ' afraid of ? " The trial has attracted widespread attention and authorities have come down hard on international media covering the case . A CNN crew was prevented from approaching and filming the court house and CNN 's Beijing correspondent , David McKenzie , was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security before being forced into a nearby van and driven away . Embarrassing revelations Xu 's trial began amid new and potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite . The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported that close relatives of China 's top leaders own offshore companies in international tax havens . The report said that confidential files showed that President Xi Jinping 's brother-in-law and the son of former Premier Wen Jiabao had set up companies in the British Virgin Islands . While not illegal , the findings shed light on the wealth of the country 's leaders at a time when President Xi is intensifying his campaign against high-level corruption , the report said . Groundbreaking causes Xu was arrested on July 16 after spending more than three months under house arrest at his Beijing home . A former law lecturer at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications , Xu has a reputation for taking on groundbreaking legal causes . He has campaigned for death row inmates and families effected by a poisoned milk formula scandal in 2009 . Searches for Xu 's name and "  constitutional rule " were blocked on Chinese microblogs and search engines . In December , John Kerry , U.S. Secretary of State , appealed for Xu 's release and that of other activists .	NEW Trial of Chinese anti-corruption activist Xu Zhiyong wraps up Authorities came down hard on international media covering the trial CNN correspondent says he was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security Trial comes amid potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite
There is a second confirmed case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome imported into the United States , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Monday . Officials from the CDC and the Florida Department of Health are investigating . The first U.S. case was reported this month in Indiana . That patient was released from a hospital Friday into home isolation , according to state health officials . The Indiana patient was an American health care provider who had been working in Saudi Arabia and was on a planned visit to Indiana to see his family . The Florida patient is also a health care provider who lives and works in Saudi Arabia , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general with the U.S. Public Health Service and director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . However , the Florida case is not linked to the Indiana case , she said . The "  risk to the general public remains very low , " Schuchat said . In some countries , the virus has spread from person to person , but only in close contact , such as a person who was caring for an ill person . "  This virus has not shown the ability to spread easily from person to person in community settings , " she said . The 44-year-old Florida patient traveled on May 1 from Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , to London , then from London to Boston ; Boston to Atlanta ; and Atlanta to Orlando . MERS : 5 things to know The man began feeling unwell on the flight from Jeddah , and continued feeling ill on subsequent flights , with symptoms including "  fever , chills and a slight cough , " Schuchat said . On May 8 , the man went to the emergency department of Orlando 's Dr. P. Phillips Hospital . The hospital said the man is "  in good condition and continuing to improve . " Dr. Antonio Crespo , an infectious disease specialist at the hospital , said officials "  believe the risk of transmission from this patient is very low since his symptoms were mild and he was not coughing when he arrived at the hospital . " The man was visiting family and did not visit any theme parks in the Orlando area , said Dr. John Armstrong , Florida 's state surgeon general and secretary of health . As in the Indiana case , officials were attempting to contact people -- in this case , more than 500 -- who may have come in contact with the person during travel , both in the United States and abroad . In addition , 16 staff members at Dr. P. Phillips Hospital have been notified of possible exposure and are being tested for the virus . Testing of people who have come in contact with the Indiana patient continues , and no additional cases have been seen , said Dr. Tom Frieden , CDC director . The CDC has dispatched a team to Saudi Arabia in conjunction with the WHO , Frieden said . MERS first emerged in 2012 , with the first cases being diagnosed in the Arabian Peninsula in 2012 . As of Friday , there have been 538 cases in 17 countries , including 145 deaths , according to the WHO , said Schuchat . The virus is also known as MERS-CoV , since it is a coronavirus , the same group of viruses as the common cold . It attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . Testing for MERS involves looking for the virus 's molecular structure in a patient 's nose or blood . While the patient in Indiana was the first MERS case on U.S. soil , the CDC has been preparing for such a scenario and had been conducting an awareness campaign with hospitals and doctors since MERS emerged . There are no travel restrictions to the Arabian Peninsula ; however , the CDC suggests that people who visit there monitor their health and watch for any flu-like symptoms . If you do feel unwell after such a trip , be sure to tell your doctor about your travel . There is no vaccine or special treatment for MERS . Doctors say they believe the Indiana patient 's quick diagnosis and care dramatically increased his chances for getting better . MERS mystery : Virus found in camels No one knows exactly how this virus originated , but evidence implicating camels is emerging . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . The same group of researchers reported in February that nearly three-quarters of camels in Saudi Arabia tested positive for past exposure to the MERS coronavirus .	The patient traveled from Saudi Arabia to Florida on May 1 The first patient was released from an Indiana hospital Friday Health officials say the virus poses a low risk to the general public
CNN  -- If you believe the Mayas , the end of the world is near . At least that 's how some people have interpreted the fact that when the Mesoamericans conceived their Long Count calendar more than 5,000 years ago , it happened to stop at December 21 , 2012 . Others believe the end of the Maya calendar simply refers to the coming of a major global physical or spiritual transmogrification , marking the start of a new era . Whichever camp you fall into , if you do n't want to be sitting at home in your recliner when the big day comes , consider heading to one of the many hotels that are marking the date with special Maya-themed deals and packages . We 've highlighted a handful of examples both in the heart of Maya country and beyond . Mexico and Central America Fairmont Mayakoba and Rosewood Mayakoba Playa del Carmen , Mexico Dates vary These sister properties on the beautiful Riviera Maya are honoring the Maya civilization 's rich culture with several packages featuring special spa treatments  think healing herbs and bathing rituals  , authentic tasting menus  showcasing ingredients such as yucca , verdolaga and chayote  and other on-property events  traditional music and dance , lectures , etc.  . 4 must-sees for military buffs Cuixmala Jalisco , Mexico December 15-22 Stressing about the apocalypse can tie your body in knots , so what better way to relax than a weeklong yoga retreat on a tranquil 25,000-acre estate whose name translates to "  soul 's resting place . " Yogini Maya Fiennes will lead classes focused on helping you awaken your kundalini  yogic life force  and your progression into the new age . After you 've perfected your downward facing dog , join the beach party commemorating the conclusion of the Maya calendar on December 21 . JW Marriott Cancun Resort & Spa Cancun , Mexico Through December 21 At this top-rated resort surrounded on two sides by the turquoise waters of the Caribbean , the offerings include two tickets to Chichen Itza to explore the archaeological remains of the ancient Maya city dating back more than 1,300 years as well as Maya-inspired couple 's spa treatments , be it the body exfoliation incorporating honey and ground corn or a massage performed according to the historic beliefs of energy flow . Travel on the cheap : Five times to go Azul Beach Hotel , Azul Sensatori Hotel and Azul Fives Hotel Riviera Maya , Mexico Through December 31 These three family-focused Azul Hotels by Karisma are letting the kiddos get in on the fun with the new Mini Mayans program they introduced this year . The free activities include cooking classes in which budding chefs learn to make tortillas and chocolate milk using Maya ingredients and utensils , a chance to make a 2013 calendar while learning about the Mayas ' unique numbering system and storytelling performances while dressed in Maya costumes . Hamanasi Adventure and Dive Resort Hopkins , Belize Through December 31 Given its proximity to several major Maya sites , this boutique eco-resort on Belize 's central coast has introduced an end-of-the-world package that 's out of this world . In addition to a Maya-themed gift and Maya meals whipped up by the hotel 's chefs , it includes five Maya-inspired day trips , from climbing the pyramids at Xunantunich and Cahal Pech to lunching with a local Maya family . United States The Curtis Denver Book by December 11 If the world is going to end , why not go out with a bang ? That 's the thinking behind the "  Party Like There 's No To-Maya " package at this trendy downtown Denver lodging . For a one-time offering , interested parties can rent out the entire 15th floor  26 rooms  on December 21 for a blowout with all of their friends and family . In addition to food and drink , you get limousine transport for all of your guests , the services of a professional tattoo artist , an in-room amenity kit with gas masks , anti-radiation tablets and freeze-dried food , and , just in case you make it through the night , free breakfast at the onsite restaurant the following morning . The Keating San Diego Through December 21 This Southern California boutique hotel 's "  End of the World " package , which starts at $ 666 a night , focuses on "  crucial survival tips " and "  last-ditch relaxation . " For instance , you 'll train to be able to outrun zombies at a fitness boot camp , enjoy a "  last supper " at the hotel 's signature restaurant and receive complimentary en-suite movies when predawn panic robs you of sleep . Hotel Palomar Philadelphia Philadelphia Through January 13 In honor of the "  Maya 2012 -- Lords of Times " exhibition at the nearby Penn Museum , which explores everything from where the predictions of the impending apocalypse originated to theories on what will happen once December 21 gets here , the Hotel Palomar has introduced a package that includes valet parking , VIP tickets to the exhibit , and , ironically , late checkout . Hotel Maya Long Beach , California Ongoing This chic waterfront hotel does n't have to do much to mark the occasion , because , as its name implies , it already embraces Maya culture -- from the vibrant color scheme to menu items at its onsite restaurant . The hotel is , however , running a yearlong "  The Year to Go Mayan " sweepstakes that offer entrants the chance to win free weekend stays as well as a grand prize trip to the heart of Maya country in Yucatan , Mexico . Other special offerings include a themed dinner show , complete with authentic music and cuisine , on November 14 as well as an End of the World Party on December 21 . You can even track the remaining time on the Maya calendar , down to the day , hour , minute and second , on the hotel 's website .	The end of the Maya calendar has hoteliers rolling out themed packages Along Mexico 's Riviera Maya , resorts are offering special spa treatments and menus In the United States , urban hotels are getting in on the end-of-the-world offers
CNN  -- It is a measure of the squad Alex Ferguson has at his disposal that the Manchester United coach can make eight changes to the side that drew with Real Madrid and still move closer to an historic treble . With his side 12 points clear at the top of the English Premier League and in the box seat after drawing 1-1 with Real in their European Champions League last 16 tie , they moved into the last eight of the FA Cup with a 2-1 win over Reading . Only goalkeeper David De Gea , midfielder Phil Jones and striker Danny Welbeck , who grabbed United 's goal at the Bernabeu , survived from the Real Madrid test as they defeated struggling Reading . Portuguese winger Nani and Mexican striker Javier Hernandez put United into a 2-0 lead before Jobi McAnuff ensured a tense last ten minutes at Old Trafford . United are now in line to play Chelsea in the quarterfinals , if the Blues beat second-tier Middlesbrough . The only negative of the evening was a potentially serious injury to Jones , who limped off after 42 minutes and later left the ground on crutches . "  It was a good cup tie and ended up a really good one , " Ferguson told ESPN . "  They  Reading  went for it , piled the ball into the box and we withstood that . "  We played some great football , missed chances , had shots blocked and their goalkeeper made some saves . "  I ` m satisfied with the quality of the game . We had to defend , our goalkeeper made some excellent saves because at 2-0 we were never comfortable . " On Jones ' injury Ferguson told the club 's own channel MUTV : "  We will have to assess it in the morning . It is an ankle injury so I would imagine he would not be ready for Saturday and we will see what he is like after that . " Arguably , Ferguson 's finest moment in his 26-year stint as manager of United came in 1999 when his side won the Premier League , the FA Cup and the Champions League . And his side are in with a chance of repeating that famous triumph after extending their unbeaten run to 16 matches . United piled on the pressure in the early stages but Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici kept them at bay with smart saves from Tom Cleverley and Ashley Young . Nani came on for Jones and twice went close , volleying narrowly wide before forcing Federici to tip over his fierce shot but the pressure finally told as the Portuguese tucked home from Antonio Valencia 's cross . Three minutes later Hernandez doubled United 's lead with a near post header but McAnuff 's finish on 81 minutes gave Reading hope though they could n't force an equalizer . In Italy , Lazio spurned the chance to leapfrog AC Milan into third place after they went down to a shock 3-0 defeat at Siena . Innocent Emeghara put Siena into a sixth minute lead , turning home Matteo Rubin 's cross before Alessandro Rosina polished off another Rubin center to make it 2-0 . Emeghara got his second and Siena 's third on the hour mark to seal an important win for the club , who remain in the relegation zone despite picking up three points .	Manchester beat Reading 2-1 to move into the quarter finals of the English FA Cup Goals from Portuguese midfielder Nani and striker Javier Hernandez see off Reading Coach Alex Ferguson makes eight changes from the side that drew with Real Madrid Lazio miss the chance to go third in Serie A after a 3-0 defeat at lowly Siena
CNN  -- For a while there , Kathy Amaya thought her long-lost son was gone forever . He was 2 years old when her estranged husband took the boy to San Luis Potosi , Mexico , to visit grandparents . That was 35 years ago , and that was the last time Amaya , now 60 , saw her son . Then , the U.S. Border Patrol called her this month and said a man who spoke only Spanish was claiming to be a U.S. citizen -- and that she was his mother . At long last , the day that Amaya thought would never come finally arrived . "  We did n't talk over the phone , but I heard him " in the background during the call with the Border Patrol , Amaya said . "  He was right there . I was asking his birth date and what town he is from because I wanted to know if it was the same . " Through a Border Patrol agent in California , the man answered the questions correctly . He was her son . Moreover , the Border Patrol agent earlier had researched the man 's birth certificate and used that document to track down Amaya in Wisconsin : "  All he told me was , ` You 're really hard to track down , you know that ? ' " she said of the agent 's phone call . Hearing her son 's voice for the first time in 35 years -- though it was in the background -- was "  very emotional , " Amaya said . "  After I got off the phone with the Border Patrol , I just sat down and cried for hours , " Amaya said Wednesday . Amaya had spent years searching for her son on the Internet and on Facebook . But now she knows why she could n't find him : He was using her maiden name as part of his full name , David Amaya Barrick . "  It never dawned on me that he was using my maiden name , " Amaya said . Her son , who 's now staying in the care of a San Diego church , could n't be reached for comment Wednesday . Amaya said she is planning to travel from her Wisconsin home to San Diego to see her son in person on November 24 . The Border Patrol described the tale as "  an unusual human story based on good investigative work and genuine compassion , " the agency said in a statement . Agents encountered the son in a canyon near Imperial Beach , California , and determined that he had crossed the border illegally with several other persons . They were all arrested , the Border Patrol said . The son first said he was a Mexican citizen , but then claimed to be a U.S. citizen taken to Mexico by his father 35 years ago at age 2 , the patrol said . While traveling north through Mexico , bandits took David Amaya 's cell phone and money , the Border Patrol said . In checking his claim of being a U.S. citizen , agents called the Cook County vital records office in Chicago and received a fax of the birth certificate , the Border Patrol said . After researching several sources , agents found the mother on November 1 . "  Too often our Border Patrol Agents deal with the darker aspects of border security -- violence , drugs , and smuggling , " Imperial Beach Border Patrol Agent-in-charge Gregory Bovino said in a statement . "  But David 's case was a welcome respite for all involved . It was truly inspirational to witness David talking with his mother for the first time . " The Border Patrol station is now raising funds for the son 's trip back home . The separation of mother and son began when the estranged husband took the boy from the care of his mother 's sister on what seemed like a routine outing , Amaya said . The family was living in Chicago near Midway Airport , and when the boy was n't returned home promptly , the estranged husband told Amaya that he had taken the boy to Mexico for a month-long visit . But the month became a year , and a year became decades . "  I was very upset . I begged him to bring him back , " she said of her estranged husband , whom she eventually divorced in 1986 . The grandparents raised the boy because the father returned to Chicago and saw his son only a few times in the 35 years , Amaya said . She went to police , but because the couple did n't settle on custody during the divorce , the police could n't help her , she said . "  Neither one of us had custody , " she said . Years passed . "  I was very emotional for a while . I was upset and angry , " she said . Amaya went on to have four other children -- three boys and a girl -- and moved to Rice Lake , Wisconsin , in 1986 . She moved to Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin , in 1999 , where she lives now with two of her children , both in their 20s . Now that she knows her son 's whereabouts , they have been exchanging chat messages on Facebook , with a San Diego church pastor helping translate David Amaya 's messages into English and then translating the mother 's responses into Spanish , the mother said . "  David told me he was looking for me for a long time , and he could n't find me , " Kathy Amaya said . The last time she saw her son , he spoke only a few words in English . "  He was n't speaking a whole lot back then . Just some words here and there . It was like ` mom ' and ` dad ' and ` play ' and stuff like that , " the mother said . She found additional confirmation that the man was her son when she saw that her ex-husband is among her son 's friends on Facebook . She and her ex-husband have not spoken to each other in many years , she said . And she has no plans to ever speak to him again . When she saw a photo of her son for the first time in 35 years on his Facebook page , she said : "  Well , the first thing I thought of was he kind of resembled me a little bit , and he kind of resembles one of his brothers . " Her son holds no hard feelings about any unsuccessful family searches for him . "  I told him I was looking for him , and he told me that he was looking for me , and I told him I was sorry that I missed a lot in his life , and he told me we have a future to catch up , " Kathy Amaya said . Somehow , they will find a way past the language barrier once they see each other face to face for the first time in 35 years later this month . She does n't know much about her son other than he played drums in a band in Mexico , even going on tour there . He wants a career in music . Kathy Amaya , who works as an assistant housekeeper at a hotel , will bring her fiance with her on the flight to California this month . When she flies to San Diego , it will mark another first in her life : She 's never flown . "  I 'm 60 , and I 've never been on a plane , " she said . "  I 'm very old school . " Her son will then fly back with her to Wisconsin on November 26 , reunited at last . Colorado dad fights , and waits , for daughters taken by mom to Argentina CNN 's Casey Wian contributed from San Diego .	David Amaya was taken to Mexico at age 2 by his estranged father His mother , Kathy , searched for her son for 35 years , thinking he was lost forever But last month , the Border Patrol arrested David Amaya illegally entering United States As it turns out , he is really a U.S. citizen , and agents finds his mother in Wisconsin
CNN  -- His black robes and turban may harken back to Arab rulers from 1,500 years ago , but Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's taste in wrist-wear is decidedly more 21st century . Days after the mysterious leader of the Sunni terror group ISIS was purportedly filmed at a mosque in northern Iraq calling on believers to wage "  jihad " against God 's enemies , social media is ablaze with speculation on the make of al-Baghdadi 's watch . But while critics claimed that the flashy silver timepiece dangling from the Arab warlord 's wrist was a luxury Western watch worth thousands , his supporters say he was actually wearing a relatively more modest $ 560 "  Islamic watch " from Al-Fajr , a Saudi Arabia-based watchmaker . The deluxe stainless steel WA-10S watch -- the preferred choice of "  true Muslims , " according to some commentators on social media -- can be programmed with the correct prayer times for hundreds of cities around the world . The watch can be set to ring before each "  azan , " or call to prayer , wherever the wearer happens to be , according to the Al-Fajr website . Muslims pray five times a day , and prayer times are based on the movement of the sun , so they can vary in different places within the same city . In addition to the prayer alarms , the Swiss-made watch has a built-in compass to indicate the direction of Mecca , Islam 's holiest site , so believers will know what direction to pray . The bilingual watch displays in English and Arabic and allows you to choose either the Gregorian or Hijra calendar , which is "  based on the astronomical moon sighting at Mecca , " according to the watchmaker 's website . The deluxe model also has a Quran bookmark feature which enables you to record the last Sura and Verse number so you can pick up where you left off later . An employee at the watchmaker told CNN : "  We ca n't be sure 100 % that the watch -LSB- al-Baghdadi -RSB- was wearing was actually ours , but after seeing the picture we can assume it is the Al-Fajr WA-10S Deluxe . Though the Arabic signs were not clear , the watch 's shape is identical to ours . " "  There is no record about who bought what from the more than 30 branches we run . While we do n't have branches in Iraq , we do have them in many other countries , among them 11 Arab countries and even European branches such as the one in the UK , " the employee added . ISIS has not commented on the watch al-Baghdadi was wearing , but observers claimed earlier this week that one of the world 's most wanted men was wearing either a Rolex or a $ 5,000 Omega Seafarer -- the timepiece of choice for James Bond , the world 's most famous silver screen spy . Critics of al-Baghdadi -- the ringleader of the al Qaeda splinter group whose lightning-quick advance has seen them seize large swathes of land in Syria and Iraq in recent months -- say his flashy silver timepiece contradicted with his attempt to strike a pose of pious humility during his sermon at the mosque in Mosul . "  The ` Khalifah ' Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi makes his first appearance wearing expensive Omega or Rolex watch , " said one observer on Twitter . "  New ` Caliph ' spotted with serious bling , maybe he needs that Swiss precision to know it 's time for the Caliphate ? " joked another . Regardless of the brand , al-Baghdadi , like Osama bin Laden before him , wore the watch on his right arm in accordance with Salafist tradition dating back nearly 1,500 years to the Prophet Mohammed , who encouraged all Muslims to prioritize the right side of their bodies as they go about their daily lives . Al-Baghdadi 's appearance in Mosul came days after ISIS declared him as the leader of a new state extending from Aleppo in northeastern Syria to the Diyala province in Iraq . CNN could not independently verify the video 's authenticity , but the video did identify the man as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim , the name al-Baghdadi now goes by with his followers since ISIS declared the creation of their so-called caliphate , or "  Islamic State . " READ MORE : Pentagon targeting ISIS leader in drone strike ? READ MORE : Is ISIS the first terror group to build a state ? CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Abu-Bakr Baghdadi was purportedly filmed giving a sermon at a mosque in northern Iraq last week Observers claimed on social media that the Arab warlord was wearing an expensive Western watch Others now claim he is wearing an "  Islamic watch " that sets prayer reminders and has a Quran bookmark function An employee at Al-Fajr , the Saudi-based watchmaker , tells CNN that al-Baghdadi 's watch "  appears to be one of ours "
CNN  -- Sometimes a single moment in time captures the essence of an individual . That became clear to me in late June 1995 . We were at the end of a grueling three days in Alabama interviewing George Wallace , the state 's former segregationist governor and nemesis of President Kennedy , for John 's maiden interview in his new magazine , George . The enfeebled governor was barely coherent during the 10 hours we sat with him , and we were panicked there would be a gaping hole in our inaugural issue . Worse , John himself was sick with a thyroid condition that left him lethargic , cranky and frighteningly thin . Adding to the anxiety of the moment , he was carrying around an engagement ring in the hope his girlfriend , Carolyn , would accept when he proposed to her that weekend . Imagine our appreciation when two amiable Alabamans with close ties to the governor offered us a quiet dinner at a roadside restaurant . But as we approached the restaurant , I suddenly noticed there were perhaps a hundred cars parked alongside the road -- the restaurant parking lot itself was overflowing . I looked over at John , and he at me , and we both realized in that same instant : we 'd been played . This would be no quiet dinner for four , but the show-and-tell of an American icon . "  I 'm not doing it , " he said to me angrily as we sat in the back of the car , mulling our options . "  I 'm going back to the hotel . " But one thing John had in more abundance than anyone I knew was grace . And he would n't let down the 200 or so people who had gathered in the restaurant or embarrass our hosts , who had covertly planned this minirally . So John put on his tie , set aside his fury and gamely walked across the dirt driveway and gave himself up to the adoring crowd . For the next two hours , as only John could , he charmed everyone , signing dozens of pictures of his father , standing for dozens more and patiently listening to the endless stories people related of their ties to his extended family . What I realized that night , and what has stayed with me these past 15 years since his passing , is this : No one of my generation was born with more privilege or promise than John , yet no one wore it more comfortably . When we walked out of the restaurant , John smiled at me and without the slightest irony said , "  That was really fun . " And he meant it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	John F. Kennedy Jr. died in a plane crash 15 years ago this week Gary Ginsberg , who was with Kennedy at George magazine , recalls a telling moment After an interview with George Wallace , Kennedy and Ginsberg were invited for a dinner Ginsberg : The way Kennedy reacted to surprise turnout showed how he dealt with fame
CNN  -- The violence and bloodshed on the streets of Kiev has left Ukraine on the "  brink of catastrophe , " according to one of the nation 's most famous sons . Sergey Bubka , a man known across the world for his record-breaking exploits as a pole vault champion , has been left shellshocked by the scenes in his home country . From Sochi , where he is trying to salvage the spirit of Ukraine 's athletes at the Winter Olympics , Bubka has watched on in horror as anti-government protestors clash with police . "  I could n't believe that has happened in my country , " the 50-year-old , who is head of Ukraine 's Olympic Committee , told CNN in Sochi Thursday . "  Ukraine is so nice and the country is beautiful . We are kind , we are friendly and have shown outstanding hospitality in many events . "  In this moment , I can not believe it . We can not go against each other . We need to understand each other . "  We must listen . We must go back to dialogue , save the peace , save our Ukraine and save our nation . " A fragile truce crumbled Thursday as gunfire erupted at Independence Square , where the anti-government protests have been taking place . The head of the protesters ' medical service told CNN that at least 100 people have died and 500 were injured . The Ukrainian government has not released an updated figure , but the interior ministry said earlier that one police officer was among the dead . "  The reaction is really shocking , " added Bubka . "  It 's difficult to say something because we love our country and our people . "  We saw some moves to take the situation in a better direction but then suddenly the real violence started . "  We 're really sad at what has happened and our team has expressed condolences to the victims who died . We want both parties to settle down and stop this . "  We have to try to start the dialogue again because we would love to see peace . " The pictures being broadcast across the world have led to shock and condemnation with Bubka and the nation 's athletes struggling to come to terms with the events . Also a member of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , Bubka held a meeting with his country 's 43 athletes in Sochi . The team held a minute 's silence instead of wearing black armbands following discussions between the team and the IOC . However , two members of the team withdrew Thursday in a show of solidarity with the protesters in Kiev . Alpine skier Bogdana Matsotska and her father and coach , Oleh Matsotskyy , made a joint announcement on Facebook . "  As members of Ukraine 's national Olympic team , we are extremely indignant at latest actions by President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych , who has drenched Ukrainians ' last hopes in blood instead of resolving the conflict with Maidan  anti-government protesters  through negotiations , which we had hoped he would when we left for Sochi , " they said . "  This was the violation of the old principle of the Games -- the Olympic Truce . In solidarity with fighters on the Maidan barricades and as a protest against lawless actions made towards protesters , the lack of responsibility from the side of the president and his lackey government , we refuse further performance at the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games . " Bubka , who spoke with both athlete and coach before their decision was announced , admits that "  it is not an easy time to compete . " But he is adamant that Ukraine can be brought together by success in Sochi and through "  sporting and Olympic values . " Bubka , who won gold at the 1988 Summer Games , has put his hopes in the women 's biathlon team which has a great chance of a medal in Friday 's 4x6 km relay . "  We need this , " he said . "  We need this and we pray for that . "  We discuss with them to give them confidence and eliminate pressure from sport and situation at home . "  We tell them we love them and believe in them . ` Do what you do every time . It 's your time and it 's your day . We need this . ' "  We want to show to everyone that Ukraine exists and is united through sport and Olympics . " Earlier this month Olympic champion Renaud Lavillenie broke Bubka 's 21-year-old pole vault world record with a 6.16-meter leap in the Ukrainian 's home city of Donetsk .	Sergey Bubka tells CNN he wants the violence in Ukraine to stop Former Olympic champion wants government and protesters to "  start dialogue again " CNN told at least 100 people have died and 500 injured since Thursday morning Two members of Ukraine Winter Olympics team withdraw from Sochi Games
New York  CNN  -- After the Alzheimer 's came , my mother could not know how shadows fell across our once ebullient family : our solidarity fractured , our tempers flaring in furious incomprehension , hearts breaking in mute despair . None of us knew how to watch this woman disappear , her features slowly masked with blankness , her supple body rigid and wooden , her absolute vividness obliterated by the heavy fog of her disease . As those of us touched in some way by Alzheimer 's know too well , the emotional , social and economic burden of this disease is nearly unbearable -- for individuals , for families and for our country :  5.3 million Americans are living with Alzheimer 's disease ; a new case develops every 70 seconds .  One in eight people aged 65 and older has the disease , and the risk is even higher for those over 85 .  Today , 9.9 million people are caring for a family member with Alzheimer 's .  Alzheimer 's and other dementias cost Medicare , Medicaid and businesses $ 148 billion annually , a number that will grow quickly and substantially as baby boomers reach age 65 . Prevention . Cure . Hope . These are words seldom associated with Alzheimer 's disease . But groundbreaking scientific research and an opportunity for powerful collaborations could lead to discovery of the ultimate cure for Alzheimer 's disease : its prevention . I know this is so because my friend Dr. Karen Hsiao Ashe , an internationally renowned Alzheimer 's disease researcher at the University of Minnesota , has developed a research road map that calls for bringing together a group of the world 's foremost laboratory and clinical investigators in the field to make prevention a reality by 2020 . This achievable goal adds "  hope " to the vocabulary of Alzheimer 's disease and holds the promise that my children and yours will never suffer its hardship . My son , Alec , is an artist like his late grandmother . His paintings are large and uncompromising , stunning in texture , original in design . He 's got the real thing . He 's got "  it , " just as she had . But what if he also has something else , like the APOE-e4 gene , known to increase the risk of Alzheimer 's ? What if he is in line to inherit this devastating disease ? What I could barely endure happening to my mother , I know I could not possibly endure happening to my son . So , like my friend Karen , I embrace prevention as the ultimate cure for Alzheimer 's disease . Anything short of that is too risky . Karen is identifying the biological processes that occur in the earliest stages of the disease -- long before symptoms appear -- to develop cost-effective , widely available interventions . She compares Alzheimer 's disease prevention to the polio vaccine : "  Had a vaccine not been developed for polio , hospital wards today would be filled with people needing artificial ventilators to breathe . Similarly , not only is treatment of Alzheimer 's likely to be less effective than prevention , it 's also likely to be 10 to 10,000 times more expensive , " she recently told Twin Cities Business magazine . Karen and her colleagues are homing in on a promising possibility : a pill containing the molecular compound that could block the chemical chain reaction in the brain that leads to Alzheimer 's . So what 's the holdup ? Well , money , of course , and attitude , perhaps . Finding a treatment within the next 10 years that will prevent Alzheimer 's disease will require a major national investment to bring together the scientists to develop an effective , safe and affordable way to block the disease . According to Harry Johns , president and CEO of the Alzheimer 's Association , "  No other disease causes so much suffering , is so certainly fatal , affects so many and drives so much cost with so little spent to overcome it . " Why is that ? Johns names ignorance , age discrimination , stigma and denial as likely explanations . My plea is deeply personal , but by 2050 , Alzheimer 's will affect as many as 16 million Americans , and none of us will be able to deny the reality . We must fight mightily now to prevent the shadow of this disease from darkening the lives of our children and grandchildren . We must invest today in research that will most swiftly lead to the ultimate cure : prevention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kate Mulgrew .	Kate Mulgrew says millions of Americans are affected by Alzheimer 's disease New research aims to prevent the brain process that leads to the disease , she says Mulgrew : Nation must commit money , attention to developing a promising treatment
CNN  -- Who would have guessed the most arousing music to play during sex is -- Fair Warning : Reading any further will cause "  Time of my Life " to become stuck your head for the rest of the day . That 's right -- the soundtrack to the hit '80s movie "  Dirty Dancing . " And the fact that the 25-year-old soundtrack still gets motors running was n't the only surprise finding of a recent study , "  Science Behind The Song . " The study was commissioned by digital music service Spotify to examine the relationship between music , romance and seduction . "  Dirty Dancing " was the top pick for both men and women , although the study 's author , music psychologist Daniel Mullensiefen , also pointed out that men are more willing to adjust their tastes in music in order to ensure "  greater success in the bedroom . " Well played , gentlemen . Another surprise finding ? Respondents said music playing in the background is 40 % more likely to turn them on than the touch or feel of their partner . Rather not listen to "  Will You Love Me Tomorrow " during sex ? Marvin Gaye 's "  Sexual Healing " placed second on the list , with Ravel 's "  Bolero " finishing third . "  It 's no surprise that so many respondents claimed to find music arousing in the bedroom , " Mullensiefen said in a release . He said music activates the same pleasure centers of the brain that respond to rewards such as food , drugs or sex . One in three participants identified Queen 's "  Bohemian Rhapsody " as a song that is "  better than sex . " Next on the list was "  Sex on Fire " by Kings of Leon and "  Angels " by Robbie Williams . Mullensiefen describes these as songs that take unexpected turns that we respond to in highly emotional , but positive , ways . The study interviewed 2,000 people in the United Kingdom between the ages of 18 and 91 , with an almost equal gender split . Mullensiefen is co-director of the Master Program in Music , Mind and Brain and senior lecturer in the department of psychology at Goldsmiths , University of London . He said even though some UK pop hits were favorites coming out of the study , he believes many results would also hold true in the United States . Mullensiefen said the best tracks for getting in the mood all possess similar vocal qualities , like a wide , dynamic range , more use of the "  high chest voice " and raspiness . He offers Gaye 's "  Sexual Healing " and "  Let 's Get it On " as examples . What do you think ? Have you compiled your own sexy Spotify playlist ? Tell us in the comments below . To read more about M 1/4 llensiefen click here . To see the full playlists , click here .	Study : Listening to "  Bohemian Rhapsody , " "  Dirty Dancing " can be arousing Forty percent of respondents said music is more important than touch of a partner UK study questioned people between 18 and 91 years old Other hot tracks ? "  Sex on Fire , " "  Bolero , " "  Sexual Healing "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If FIFA president Sepp Blatter is to be believed , it 's the biggest issue that faces football . No , not diving , or Premiership hegemony or even the tackle from behind but rather the naturalization of players from other countries , especially Brazil , becoming common currency in the international game . Brazilian-born Mehmet Aurelio was the first naturalized footballer to play for the Turkish national team . "  If we do n't take care about the invaders from Brazil , " Blatter controversially said at the draw for the 2010 World Cup . "  Then at the next World Cups ... we will have 16 -LSB- teams -RSB- full of Brazilian players . It 's a danger , a real , real danger . " Players born outside of their country of citizenship have always played for their newly adopted countries . Alfredo Di Stefano started life with an Argentine passport before turning out for Colombia and Spain . Ferenc Puskas also represented Spain after making his name for Hungary . Do you think you players should be able to adopt a new country and play for them ? But two things have changed . The first is the globalized nature of the sport , which has allowed Brazil to sell arguably its greatest export -- talented footballers -- to every corner of the world . The second is the emerging power and wealth of smaller states willing to use their financial muscle to attract better players to their national team . FIFA has been extremely critical of countries that have handed passports -- some after playing in their new country for less than two years -- to talented footballers . The problem FIFA has found is separating the naturalization of a player who has genuinely put down roots in their new country -- as with Eduardo who moved to Croatia when he was 15 -- and those whose allegiances are bought and sold in a rudimentary international transfer system . One country that has stretched the rules to breaking point is Qatar , who has used its vast gas wealth to attract and naturalize a host of players from Uruguay and Brazil . The Qatari FA even offered to pay Brazilian striker Ailton , then the top scorer in the German Bundesliga , $ 1million to come and play for Qatar in 2004 , even though he had never set foot in the country . The move led to FIFA introducing emergency legislation banning naturalizations from taking place if there was no connection between the player and their prospective country . FIFA has tried to tighten up the rules . Last May FIFA agreed a rule change which stated that a player must live in their new country for five years before they can play for the national team . Have the rules on naturalization of footballers devalued international football ? But for a country the size of Qatar , which has a population of fewer than one million , there are few other options . "  The only way Qatar or Bahrain are ever going to be competitive is to import players and naturalize them , " explains Jesse Fink , an Australian writer on Asian football and author of "  15 Days in June : How Australia Became a Football Nation . " Yet ultimately Qatar 's experiment in footballing naturalization looks to have paid off . They currently sit third in their Asian World Cup qualifying group and are on course for a play-off spot for South Africa 2010 thanks , in no small part , to the goals of their Uruguayan-born striker Sebastian Soria . If they qualify they will be the smallest country to ever make it to the finals . Even more established footballing nations -- like Spain with Marcos Senna and Turkey with Mehmet Aurelio -- have looked at naturalization to fill problem positions in their team . While English-born John Wilkinson swapped the vagaries of lower league football in the UK for Singapore after being released by non-league Exeter City . Five years later he married his Singaporean girlfriend after some gentle persuasion from the national team coach and now anchors the team 's midfield . "  I did n't even know where Singapore was ! " he told The UK 's Guardian newspaper last year . Arsene Wenger suggested that his Spanish goalkeeper Manuel Almunia , who qualifies for a British passport after living in the UK for five years , is the answer to England 's goalkeeping problems . So will Brazilian imports really takeover the international game ? Many are skeptical . "  Blatter is fearful that World Cups will be overrun with naturalized Brazilians and has proposed strict rules for naturalizing players , but these are just scare tactics , " concludes Fink . "  At the end of the day people want to see the majority of the players in their national team ` represent ' them . " What do you think ? Let us know your views in the Sound-off box below .	A look at a team of naturalized players plying their trade in world football . The team is largely made of Brazilians want a taste of international football , FIFA is trying to stamp out the phenomenon What do you think ? Let us know via the Sound Off box below
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U.S. safety officials have recalled about 4.2 million Chinese-made Aqua Dots bead toys that contain a chemical that has caused some children to vomit and become comatose after swallowing them . Bindeez , which were named Australia 's toy of the year , contain a chemical that converts into a "  date rape " drug . Scientists have found the popular toy 's coating contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic "  date rape " drug GHB , or gamma-hydroxy butyrate , U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission spokesman Scott Wolfson told CNN . "  GHB is this drug that in low doses actually causes euphoria , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  In higher doses , it can cause people to go into a coma . It can cause seizures . It can cause something known as hypotonia , where all your muscles just become very flaccid . "  And it can cause people to become amnestic , ... which is why it became a date-rape drug , " Gupta said . "  So this is nasty stuff , and it appears that the chemical is actually converting into it in the body . " The arts and craft beads , aimed at children 4 years and older , have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores as "  Aqua Dots " and in Australia under the name "  Bindeez Beads . " CPSC spokeswoman Julie Vallese said anyone with Aqua Dots at home should immediately take the toy away from children and contact distributor Spin Master Ltd. to return for free replacement beads or a toy of equal value . For additional information , contact Spin Master at 1-800-622-8339 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET , Monday through Friday . The toy was named toy of the year in Australia and recently made Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 's list of top 12 Christmas toys . Wal-Mart on Thursday listed Aqua Dots on its Web site as "  out of stock online " and had removed them from its top toy list . Toronto-based Spin Master stopped shipping Aqua Dots and asked retailers to pull them off their shelves , where they had sold for $ 17 to $ 30 . Watch what 's known about the beads " Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. recalled Bindeez Beads on Tuesday after three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the beads and were hospitalized . "  I was so frightened because I thought she was n't going to make it , " Heather Lehane told CNN affiliate Network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , Charlotte , who was sickened by the beads . In the United States , the Washington-based safety commission said it has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads . The CPSC said a boy nearly 2 years old "  swallowed several dozen beads . He became dizzy and vomited several times before slipping into a comatose state . " The toddler was hospitalized and has since fully recovered , the commission added . In the second incident , a child vomited , fell into a coma and was hospitalized for five days . It was not immediately clear whether the child had made a full recovery . The recall is the latest to target Chinese-made toys . See if your child has any recalled toys " Last month , U.S. government safety officials and retailers recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause lead poisoning . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Janine Brady , Jason Carroll , Laura Dolan , Julie O'Neill and Leslie Wiggins contributed to this report .	NEW : Distributor provides phone number for return and replacement Children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures Toys are sold as Aqua Dots in the U.S. , as Bindeez Beads in Australia Three children were hospitalized in Australia after swallowing large quantities
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece the "  Mona Lisa " was attacked with a mug earlier this month , but the world 's most famous painting -- protected by thick glass -- emerged with its enigmatic smile undimmed . The "  Mona Lisa " sits behind bulletproof glass in the Louvre gallery . French police say a woman "  not in her senses " lobbed the mug at the 500-year-old painting , which hangs in the Louvre gallery in Paris . The woman , a tourist , was later transferred from police custody to a psychiatric unit , a police spokesman told CNN . The spokesman declined to be identified , and did not say where the woman was from . The "  Mona Lisa , " considered one of the world 's most valuable paintings , sits behind bulletproof glass in a special wing of the Louvre , attracting visitors in their millions . The Italian Renaissance masterpiece , which depicts a dark-haired young woman with an aloof facial expression , has been the target of attacks in the past . In 1956 the artwork was damaged when acid was thrown at it . A rock was also thrown in a separate incident in the same year . In 1911 it was stolen from the Louvre but was returned two years later . CNN 's Flora Genoux in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	"  Mona Lisa , " protected by bulletproof glass , is undamaged Tourist who threw mug has been sent to a psychiatric unit 500-year-old artwork has suffered previous attacks
CNN  -- Red Bull driver Mark Webber has cast doubt on the Bahrain Grand Prix taking place this year , even though the race has been reinstated on the Formula One calendar . F1 's ruling body the FIA announced on Friday that the gulf kingdom , which was supposed to stage the event in March at the start of the season , will hold it at the end of October . The FIA 's decision came after its top officials visited the island on Tuesday , and the following day Bahrain 's ruler lifted the state of emergency laws that had facilitated the restriction of political leaders and journalists . But Webber has joined the 12 F1 teams in refusing to back the move , which has outraged human rights groups around the world . Should F1 take the risk of racing in Bahrain ? "  My opinion is unchanged since I was first asked about this in late February . Even though a decision has been made , I 'll be highly surprised if the Bahrain Grand Prix goes ahead this year , " the Australian told his personal website on Saturday . "  The sport should have taken a much firmer stance earlier this year rather than constantly delaying its decision in hope of being able to reschedule it in 2011 . It would have sent a very clear message about F1 's position on something as fundamental as human rights and how it deals with moral issues . "  It 's obvious that the parties involved have struggled to reach a decision , but sadly I feel that they still have n't made the right one . Like it or not , F1 and sport in general is n't above having a social responsibility and conscience . I hope F1 is able to return to Bahrain eventually , but now is n't the right time . " Webber , who helped Red Bull win the manufacturers ' title last year while teammate Sebastian Vettel claimed the drivers ' championship , has been the only one of his peers to comment publicly on the situation in Bahrain . "  As a competitor I do not feel at all comfortable going there to compete in an event when , despite reassurances to the contrary , it seems inevitable that it will cause more tension for the people of that country , " he said . "  I do n't understand why my sport wishes to place itself in a position to be a catalyst for that . "	Mark Webber "  uncomfortable " with decision to stage race in Bahrain Red Bull driver says it is unlikely the that rescheduled event will go ahead Bahrain had been due to open season in March but was postponed due to civil unrest F1 chiefs made decision to reinstate the race after visiting the kingdom on Tuesday
Beijing , China  CNN  -- "  Mr. Ambassador , as time goes on we know that the odds of my son and the other relatives on the plane having survived becomes smaller and smaller , " said a grey-haired man named Wen . As he addressed the Malaysian diplomat seated at a table just a few feet away in the packed Beijing hotel conference room , Wen began sobbing uncontrollably into a microphone . It had been more than 45 days since his son disappeared aboard missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 . "  To know that somebody is alive , you need to see them . To know that somebody is dead , you need to see the body . That 's all I ask of you , " Wen concluded , weeping . Members of the audience sobbed quietly in their seats . Visibly uncomfortable , the representative from Malaysia 's embassy in Beijing , could do little more than repeat his government 's talking points . "  There 's a team coming to answer your questions . Let them come . Let them come , " he pleaded . But the words from deputy chief of mission Bala Chandran Tharman only angered the relatives . They erupted into fist-waving chants : "  Live up to commitments ! No more delays ! No more lies ! " Each day seems to bring another disappointment to the hundreds of Chinese relatives waiting for news about missing loved ones . 153 Chinese nationals flew aboard the ill-fated flight . For more than a month , Malaysian Airlines has housed hundreds of their relatives in a number of Beijing hotels . From their improvised headquarters in Beijing 's Lido Hotel , the families have set up committees , published press releases , printed T-shirts and hats with the slogan "  Pray for MH370 , " while also coordinating information with the next of kin of passengers from other countries . This agonizing limbo has been punctuated by highly emotional and contentious daily briefings held with Malaysian officials in a windowless conference room in the Lido Hotel . Last week , relatives stormed out of the hall en masse after technical glitches left a panel of Malaysian technical experts mute on a giant screen . The long-awaited video conference with Kuala Lumpur was a complete failure . "  You 're all bloody liars , and you 're lying to us again now ! " one representative yelled , as relatives marched out of the room . A committee representing passengers ' families in Beijing has continued pressing its case , demanding answers to highly technical questions that were translated and submitted in writing to the Malaysian government . To better understand the final moments before Flight MH370 was believed to have crashed into the Indian Ocean , they wanted the audio recording of the crew 's last radio communications with air traffic controllers , an explanation of how many emergency locator transmitters -LSB- ELT 's -RSB- the plane was carrying and whether or not the ELT 's activated as intended at the moment the aircraft hit the ocean . "  You need to do it yourself , " explained a young Chinese physicist on the families ' technical committee , who had helped draw up the questions . The man asked not to be identified , because he was keeping his father 's disappearance a secret for fear of upsetting his elderly grandmother . For several days after the failed video conference , Malaysian diplomats did not appear at daily briefings . Instead a representative of Malaysian airlines addressed increasingly hostile family members . Last Friday , he pledged that a high-level team of technical experts would come to Beijing the following Monday to brief the family members . But that Monday , Malaysia informed family members there had been a last-minute change of plan . "  The authorities in Malaysia would like to move forward in the endeavor to address the missing flight MH370 , " said Tharman , the Malaysian deputy chief of mission . "  While keeping in mind that the family have many questions regarding technical issues , the authorities over the weekend put the view that these important questions should be taken up a little later at an appropriate time and place . " The message was not well received . For nearly three hours , Chinese relatives took turns yelling , begging and cursing at the Malaysian . "  Are you hiding things from us ? Are there things you are not willing to tell us ? " said Jack Song , a spokesman for the families whose wife was a passenger . In these highly emotional confrontations , it is clear that many of the Chinese next of kin believe their missing loved ones are still alive . "  We have not given up hope . We dare to hope . We dare to believe , " said Mr. Wen during his tearful speech on Monday . However , hope has become a dangerous emotion , according to a psychologist who has helped treat some of the next of kin . "  That 's a dangerous thing when you artificially manifest hope which in the end can not be sustained . You are setting them up for a fall , " said Paul Yin , a counselling psychologist who also treated victims of Asiana Airlines flight 214 , which crashed in California in 2013 killing at least three people . But Yin said Malaysian authorities bore some responsibility for the crisis . "  So many of the moves that they have taken are just so wrong , " Yin said . Malaysian officials sent to brief Chinese families are armed with little to no information on the search for the plane . Meanwhile , in the eyes of many passengers ' relatives , contradictory statements from Kuala Lumpur have shaken the credibility of Malaysian officials charged with leading the investigation . Lack of information has led many to suspect a cover-up , an accusation Malaysian authorities have repeatedly denied . While repeatedly challenging the Malaysian government , the passengers ' families face clear limits that appear to have been set by the Chinese authorities . On Friday , the family committee announced plans to hold a prayer ceremony for missing spouses in a park near the Lido Hotel . Instead , the service was held in the same conference room . Dozens of men and women sat cross-legged on the floor , weeping in front of a banner that said : "  Honey , it 's not home without you . " After the ceremony , the spouses -- many dressed in "  Pray for MH370 " T-shirts and baseball hats , marched out of the hotel to the park . They were closely followed by uniformed and plain-clothed Chinese police . After a short speech in front of the park gates , they drifted back to their hotel . "  It 's just like big cage , " said Steven Wang , when asked about the hotel . The 26 year old has become one of the main international spokespeople for the committee of family members . "  It is full of bad emotion ... we feel sad and angry and exhausted , " Wang added .	CNN 's Ivan Watson : Each day brings another disappointment to relatives waiting for news Malaysian Airlines has housed relatives in a number of Beijing hotels , he writes Watson : A committee representing the families has continued pressing its case Malaysian officials sent to brief Chinese families are armed with little to no information , he says
Washington  CNN  -- An American held in Qatar in the death of his adopted daughter stood up and yelled , "  You lie ! You lie ! " after a Qatari prosecutor told a court that Matthew Huang and his wife , Grace , had let their daughter starve to death . "  This court is a sham , " Matthew Huang said after the rare dramatic outburst , evidence of his frustration at being convicted of killing his own daughter on what he and his wife say are trumped-up charges . Their best hope now may be that the U.S. government applies diplomatic pressure to free them . The couple pleaded with the U.S. government to end their two-year legal nightmare , warning that without direct American intervention , they will be falsely imprisoned once again . "  We feel kidnapped and trapped . It feels like there is no end to this , " Matthew Huang said Monday , after the appeals court hearing ended without his release . The Huangs are appealing their conviction , which has garnered international attention and raised questions in the media about the prosecution and overall fairness of the Qatari justice system . The case puts the United States in a difficult situation with a close ally with whom it is working on hot-button issues in the Middle East . Qatar is helping the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS and is hosting many countries ' forces involved in airstrikes . The Qatari government was instrumental in securing Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release from the Taliban . And the U.S. is involved in several lucrative arms deals with Qatar , one of which was announced the very day the Huangs were convicted . But the Obama administration has expressed concern about the fairness of the legal proceedings and has slowly upped the pressure on the Qatari government to resolve the case and allow the couple to return to the United States . This month , the State Department issued a statement calling on the Qatari government to "  immediately " lift the Huangs ' travel ban and bring the case to an "  expeditious and just conclusion . " And on Monday , State Department Deputy Spokesman Marie Harf urged Qatar to allow the Huangs "  to return to the United States on a humanitarian basis to be united with their children and family . " ` We have to respect the judicial process ' The court set November 30 to decide whether to grant the defense request to overturn the conviction , or to grant the prosecution 's request that the full sentence of up to 3 years in prison be upheld . "  One thing today did is help confirm that this is not about a legal court process and the solution is not going to come from the court . It has to come from U.S. intervention . " said Eric Volz , who heads the firm David House Agency that is assisting with the Huangs ' case . Citing numerous violations of due process , Volz added that "  we have no reason to have any faith in the court system that is already broken . " Mohammed Jaham Al Kuwari , the Qatari ambassador to the United States , told CNN in an interview that his government had "  full confidence in the integrity of the Qatari justice system . " "  We understand this has a human aspect . We understand their family is waiting for them , and we sympathize with that . But we can not deny there is a death in this case . There was a death of a little girl , and now , the case is in the court . We have to have respect in the judicial process . " Dispute about child 's cause of death When their 8-year-old daughter , Gloria , died in January 2013 , the Huangs were immediately arrested and accused of starving her to death . Matthew Huang was employed in Doha by an international company working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup . The Huangs have maintained their daughter suffered from an eating disorder . After a lengthy trial , they were convicted of endangering the life of their child . After spending a year in prison , they were released on bail in November 2013 . In April , they were sentenced to another three years in prison , and they are prohibited from leaving Qatar during their appeal . U.S. officials have privately expressed confidence in the Huangs ' innocence , calling the case a "  sham . " But the Obama administration has sought to exhaust all legal proceedings before seeking the Qatari government 's direct intervention in the case . A United Nations official investigating the justice system in Qatar has also called attention to the Huangs ' case and urged the government to send them home . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , says they found no evidence that tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , even though Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation has gone unanswered . ` This place ... is not safe for Americans ' At Monday 's hearing , the Huangs ' defense attorney attempted to cross-examine the forensic doctor about the suspicious autopsy report but was cut off by the presiding judge . "  Today 's court shows a disregard and a disrespect for the call of the U.S. government for a just and judicious process , " said Grace Huang 's brother , Daniel Chin . "  This place , Qatar , is not safe for Americans . " Volz , the advocate for the Huangs , said he was surprised by the "  audacity " of the court at Monday 's hearing and fears that without direct involvement of the U.S. government , the couple has no chance of being released soon . "  They are completely depending on the U.S. movement to take aggressive action to secure their release , " he said . U.S. officials said they continue to raise the case with the highest levels of the Qatari government . Most recently , Secretary of State John Kerry discussed the issue with the Emir of Qatar on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in New York . The officials say they are hopeful that the appeal will result in the court releasing the Huangs before November 30 . But they acknowledge that if that does n't happen , the administration will need to become more directly involved . "  We are hopeful the Qatari justice system will work , but barring that , there has to be a way to get these people home to their children , " a senior official said . "  The Huangs have been through enough . " Al Kuwari , the Qatari ambassador , said the case is "  not a political issue " and the government can not interfere with the court . But he said the government did not want to let the case affect his country 's ties with Washington . "  Of course we do n't want this to affect our bilateral relations , " he told CNN . "  We have to respect the integrity of the court until the decision , and then hopefully , this problem will be solved . "	An appeals court hearing ends without the release of Matthew and Grace Huang The couple seeks U.S. intervention after their conviction on child endangerment charge Conviction draws world 's attention , raises questions about Qatari justice system 's fairness The case puts U.S. in a difficult spot with a close ally with whom it is working on Mideast issues
CNN  -- A politician , an athlete and an entertainer . What do they have in common ? Some would say rude behavior . In less than a week , millions of people witnessed displays of anger and rage that have many wondering whether decorum is a thing of the past . Kanye West 's behavior at the MTV Video Music Awards was widely condemned . "  I think we 're seeing a decline in our protocol and etiquette skills , " said Pamela Eyring , director of the Protocol School of Washington . Last week on Capitol Hill , South Carolina Rep. Joe Wilson yelled "  you lie ! " at President Obama as he addressed Congress on heath care . "  It was an obvious breach of decorum . There 's a time and a place for everything , and that was obviously not the time or the place , " said Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas . Wilson apologized to Obama but has balked at the idea of giving a formal apology before the House of Representatives . Just days later , in a heated display of frustration over a questionable call , tennis star Serena Williams threatened a line judge at the U.S. Open . The outburst , like Wilson 's , was seen by millions on live television . Williams later issued an apology and has tried to put the incident behind her . Watch : Where have our manners gone ? " One day after the Williams meltdown , it was Kanye West 's turn . But this was n't a fit of rage ; it was an outrageous display by the rapper toward singer Taylor Swift . The 19-year-old was accepting her award at the MTV Video Music Awards ceremony Sunday when West took the microphone from her hand and told the audience that singer Beyonce Knowles ' video had been better . West was booed off the stage . Eyring says these three high-profile incidents serve as reminders to public figures and regular people alike to watch their behavior . "  They 're mentors , like it or not . They are mentors , and they need to show their good side , " she said . It 's one thing for a public figure to have a bad or very bad moment . But more and more Americans are wondering whether rudeness has become the norm in society in general . "  Everybody 's lashing out for no apparent reason . It 's starting to be this virus that 's going on these days now , " said David Stuart of Washington . How did it get to this point ? Eyring blames technology . "  Blogging , texting , the twittering ; we 're finding that people are n't focused on their people skills any longer , and so they 're doing outbursts . They 're just saying what they feel and what they want to say , when they want to say it . " Eyring is quick to point out that not all of society is lacking in people skills . But she does stress a return to simple gestures : opening a door for someone , giving up your seat for an elderly person or simply saying "  thank you . " "  I think actions are more powerful than words . We have to learn this , and you can do it , and it does n't cost anything . You can do it . It costs nothing to be nice or civil or polite . It 's easy , and it makes you feel good . "	America is experiencing decline in etiquette , protocol expert says Politician , athlete and entertainer all have recently behaved badly Technology is partly to blame for lapse in people skills , expert says
CNN  -- The NFL has a simple answer for critics who claim the league should have been able to get videos of Ray Rice knocking out his future wife and dragging her out of an elevator . It would have been illegal , Commissioner Roger Goodell wrote in a memo Wednesday to the top officials of the NFL 's 32 teams . "  Once a criminal investigation begins , law enforcement authorities do not share investigatory material  such as the videos here  with private parties such as the NFL , " he wrote in a note to chief executives and club presidents . "  In addition ,  New Jersey 's  Open Public Records Act excludes material that is generated in the context of an active law enforcement proceeding . " The Associated Press , however , reported Wednesday that a law enforcement official said he sent a copy of the video in April to an NFL executive and someone called him from an NFL office phone to thank him for sending the video . The NFL reacted to the story by saying the league is unaware of anyone in its office having the video in their possession and officials would look into the report . NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans Rice has been suspended indefinitely from the NFL and was cut by the Baltimore Ravens after a video surfaced this week showing him punching Janay Rice , who at the time was his fiancee , in an elevator in Atlantic City on February 15 . Rice was eventually charged with third-degree assault by Atlantic County prosecutors , but as a first-time offender was able to enter into a diversionary program . If he successfully completes the program in one year , the charge will be removed from his record . Timeline of events in the Ray Rice story Critics have said the NFL should have been able to get the videos and should have banned Rice for life instead of initially giving him a two-game suspension . The ban was increased after the in-elevator video was posted online by TMZ Sports on Monday . It was the second dramatic video in the case . The first showed the aftermath of the ferocious blow . In it Rice drags his unconscious fiancee off the elevator and talks to a security staffer . Goodell does n't rule out a return for Rice Goodell also said the hotel could n't legally provide the video to the NFL because of the investigation into the incident . "  We did not ask the Atlantic City casino directly for the video , " he wrote . "  Again , our understanding of New Jersey law is that the casino is prohibited from turning over material to a third party during a law enforcement proceeding , and that doing so would have subjected individuals to prosecution for interference with a criminal investigation . " Goodell said the Rice legal proceedings are still an "  open matter . " NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' TMZ executive producer Harvey Levin told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Tuesday that they paid for the videos . "  I think what happened was the casino closed . And when the casino closed , I think there were a lot of employees who just said , you know what : ` We want to do the right thing . ' And ultimately we ended up getting this video because when you look at the video , clearly you see the NFL did not do the right thing , " Levin said of the second video . "  And I think at a point somebody said that the gain here is worse than the risk , in terms of doing what 's right . " The Revel casino closed eight days ago . The Baltimore Sun petitioned for the release of the elevator video under the Freedom of Information Act , but its request was denied by New Jersey officials . What if Goodell ran the NBA and Silver captained the NFL ?	NJ law prohibits release of certain evidence during legal matters , NFL boss says Goodell sends memo to all 32 teams explaining why league had n't seen video until Monday TMZ Sports posted a video online showing Ray Rice punching his future wife Critics said the NFL should also have been able to get the video and an earlier one
Jakarta  CNN  Turkish officials have detained 16 Indonesian citizens who confessed they were planning to cross the border into Syria , Indonesia 's foreign ministry said . The group comprises a man , four women , three girls and eight boys , said spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir . The ages of the children have not been released . Nasir told reporters on Friday that the group was stopped in the southeastern Turkish city of Gaziantep , just north of the city of Aleppo in Syria . They admitted to officials they planned to enter Syria , Nasir said . The Indonesian government is sending a security team to Turkey to investigate the group 's objectives and plans and to increase cooperation with Turkish security officials , Nasir said . This group of 16 Indonesians is different from another 16 Indonesians who reportedly deserted their tour group recently in Turkey and are feared to have crossed into Syria . Nasir confirmed these are two separate groups .	The group is made up of one man , four women , 11 children They were stopped just north of Aleppo , Syria
CNN  -- It has been a good week for Barcelona 's Neymar . He netted a hat-trick against Celtic in the Champions League and got both goals Saturday as Barcelona -- still without Lionel Messi -- beat Villarreal 2-1 to move three points clear of idle Atletico Madrid and five clear of arch-rival Real Madrid in Spain . Neymar , who will be counted on by Brazil at next year 's World Cup on home soil , opened the scoring at the Camp Nou from the penalty spot in the 30th minute and tapped home the close-range winner in the 69th against the Yellow Submarine . He was teed up by Pedro , who latched on to Cesc Fabregas ' sumptuous chipped ball . Villarreal , promoted last season , stunned the locals when it leveled in the 48th minute through Mateo Musacchio 's header from a corner . Having clawed to within three points of Barcelona , Real Madrid earlier slipped up when it drew 2-2 at Osasuna . Yet it could have been worse for Los Blancos , who had defender Sergio Ramos sent off for two bookable offenses before halftime and trailed 2-0 . With blockbuster summer signing Gareth Bale substituted in the second half and Cristiano Ronaldo held in check -- he failed to score for the first time since the end of October -- Isco began the Real comeback in first-half injury time . Pepe headed home the equalizer in the 80th minute seconds after Francisco Silva 's red card for the host . "  The first 20 minutes were very good and it is incredible that we went 2-0 down and had 10 men , " Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  We responded well but we suffered a lot . "  We were showing quality and rhythm and we lost control after the first goal but we did show character and the right attitude to battle back . " Atletico Madrid will move level on points with Barcelona if it beats Valencia at home Sunday . Bayern increases lead Bayern Munich 's 18-match winning streak at home ended in midweek when it was upset by Manchester City in the Champions League but Bayern bounced back by beating Hamburg 3-1 at the Allianz Arena on Saturday . Mario Mandzukic , Mario Gotze and Xherdan Shaqiri accounted for the Bayern goals , although manager Pep Guardiola was n't fully satisfied with the performance ahead of the Club World Cup in Morocco . "  The players had perhaps their holidays and Morocco in their heads , " said Guardiola . "  We had a few problems in the second half , like we did against Manchester . We simply gave away too many balls . We have good players , but we have to stop such things happening . " Bayern , which will conclude 2013 unbeaten in the Bundesliga , went seven points ahead of Bayer Leverkusen -- which plays fourth-last Frankfurt on Sunday -- and 12 ahead of Borussia Dortmund . A late goal against Marseille ensured Dortmund 's progress to the second round of the Champions League but challenging Bayern in Germany now looks unlikely after a 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Lukasz Piszczek rescued a point for injury-hit Dortmund , which trailed 2-0 within 40 minutes . Nurnberg remains the lone side in the division without a victory after it blew a three-goal lead and drew 3-3 at Hannover 96 . In France , the big two of Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco both registered two-goal victories on the road -- over Rennes and Guingamp , respectively . Paris Saint-Germain leads Monaco by two points atop the table . Bayern 's semifinal opponent at the Club World Cup on Tuesday will be Asian champion Guangzhou Evergrande , which beat Egypt 's Al Ahly 2-0 . "  We will now play against one of the best teams in the world , " said Guangzhou manager Marcello Lippi . "  You can lose 99 times every 100 times you play them , but you could win one . You never know . "	Real Madrid rallies from two goals down to draw Osasuna 2-2 on the road But Madrid slips five points behind Barcelona , which later beat Villarreal Bayern Munich rebounds from a loss in the Champions League , downing Hamburg Borussia Dortmund dropped more points by only drawing Hoffenheim 2-2
CNN  -- Actor Sean Penn , a friend of Bolivian President Evo Morales , nonetheless angered the South American country 's government after his call for the release of a U.S. businessman who has been imprisoned since 2011 . Penn , known for his chumminess with Latin America 's leftist leaders , is also an advocate for Brooklyn flooring contractor Jacob Ostreicher , whose supporters say has spent two years detained in Bolivia without evidence . At a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee meeting Monday , Penn asked U.S. lawmakers to pressure the sponsors of the off-road Dakar Rally to cancel its planned 2014 route through Bolivia if Ostreicher is not freed . "  The Dakar Rally , one of the world 's most prominent displays of freedom and tenacity of the human spirit , will be parading through Bolivia even as thousands of prisoners like Mr. Ostreicher sit in feces-filled cells , forgotten behind locked walls , " Penn said . On Tuesday , Bolivia 's minister of culture shot back . "  The remarks by Mr. Penn are his worst acting in all of his career , " Pablo Groux said , according to the state-run ABI news agency . "  The remark is offensive to the Bolivian people , totally out of context and lacking any understanding . " The minister said the actor 's comments harkened back to a time when the United States exerted heavy influence in Latin America . "  Those days are long gone , " Groux said . The rebuke from the Bolivian official is notable coming from a government that Penn has been friendly with . During his testimony before the subcommittee , Penn said that he does not blame Morales for Ostreicher 's situation , but endemic corruption in the judiciary . Penn said that he met with Morales last year , with evidence supporting Ostreicher 's innocence , and that "  these findings were received by the president with tremendous personal and human grief . " Ostreicher is under house arrest after spending 18 months in a notorious prison while his case crawled in the overburdened Bolivian judicial system . He was arrested in June 2011 on suspicion of money laundering tied to a rice-growing operation , and he languished in prison without formal charges . He maintained that corrupt officials had trumped up the case , and last year , six government officials were arrested for allegedly extorting and stealing from Ostreicher . But the case against him has not been dropped . READ MORE : American on hunger strike after 11 months in Bolivian prison READ MORE : Bolivia releases imprisoned American after 18 months	Sean Penn has advocated for the release of a U.S. man from Bolivia Penn called on U.S. lawmakers to pressure the Bolivian government A Bolivian minister lashed out at Penn for his comments The actor has a historically close relationship with Bolivia
CNN  -- Hundreds of flights to and from eastern China were canceled or delayed Monday and state media warned that more disruptions should be expected in the next few weeks . Around 200 flights were canceled at Shanghai 's two airports -- Pudong and Hongqiao -- which are among the country 's busiest airline hubs . Another 120 flights were delayed for more than two hours . Flights departing from other eastern Chinese cities ' airports , including Nanjing and Hangzhou , were also affected . Officials and airlines have shed little light on the reasons for the disruptions . Local officials cited "  air traffic restrictions " while Shanghai-based China Eastern Airlines said "  the airspace was occupied , " according to the Shanghai Daily newspaper . Neither source has elaborated on their comments . "  Among situations for air traffic restrictions being imposed are when military maneuvers are taking place , " the newspaper added . CCTV , the state television channel , shared on its Weibo account -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- a widely circulated memo , originally published on a Chinese flight crew blog , that said the civil aviation authority has requested airlines to reduce flights by 25 % in eastern China . 12 airports affected "  The following 12 airports will experience massive delays for 26 days ! Fliers , bring snacks and water ! " the CCTV post said . "  From July 20 to August 15 , operations of these airports -- including Shanghai Hongqiao , Shanghai Pudong , Nanjing , Hangzhou , Hefei , Jinan , Wuxi , Ningbo , Qingdao , Lianyungang , Zhengzhou and Wuhan -- will be affected by high-frequency exercises conducted by another party . All airlines are requested to reduce flights by 25 % and fliers are expected to face delays . " Officials at the Civil Aviation Administration of China declined to comment when approached by CNN . This is the second large-scale air traffic disruption in China in the last two weeks . More than 100 flights were canceled or delayed on July 14 in Shanghai . Two Internet users have been held by police for allegedly fabricating and circulating "  anti-corruption-related " claims , according to Hong Kong newspaper South China Morning Post . The Internet users claimed the disruption was due to the arrest of a high-ranking government official trying to flee the country . Another 37 people were reprimanded in the crackdown against Internet "  rumor mongers , " according to SCMP . China 's air traffic woes continue Lengthy flight delays are common in China . The country 's largest airports , serving the mega-cities of Shanghai and Beijing , suffer some of the worst flight delays in the world . In June 2013 , Beijing 's Capital International Airport hit the bottom of a list of the world 's most delayed airports , according to U.S.-based air travel information service FlightStats . Just 18.3 % of flights from the airport left on time during that month and around 42 % of flights suffered delays of 45 minutes or longer . Second worst on the list was Shanghai 's Hongqiao , where just 24 % of flights departed on time . Overly cautious air traffic control and airspace restrictions for civilian aircraft are two of the reasons for these delays , but flights are also affected by thick smog and once , an unidentified flying object  UFO  . Maggie Hiufu Wong and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Authorities shed little light on why hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed yesterday in China CCTV , state-owned media company , warned that more disruptions should be expected over next few weeks China has a reputation of lengthy airport delays , especially in Shanghai and Beijing
CNN  -- The drama of the action in-and-around the golf course has enraptured fans of the game through the generations and around the world . But the same drama that pulls in the crowds has also provided rich material for filmmakers too . Stars of the screen including Dean Martin , Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy have all starred in club-themed movies , as have more contemporary celebrities like Adam Sandler , Bill Murray , Chevy Chase and Will Smith . Though the stories committed to celluloid vary in their approach - from The Stooges comedic farce entitled "  Three Little Beers , " to the Ben Hogan biopic "  Follow the Sun , " - the central attraction of golf remains at all the film 's core . Here is CNN 's best ten golf movies ever made - do you agree with our selection ? If there is another film you feel should be included then add your comments to the Sound Off below .	The drama and comedy of golf has provided great material for film makers Funny films Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore lead the list Dean Martin , Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn all starred down the years SOUND OFF - Do you agree with the ten movies CNN has picked ?
Roughly half the schedulers at multiple Veterans Affairs hospitals said they received instructions from supervisors to falsify data and hide the true time it took patients to be seen by a doctor after making an appointment , new details from an internal VA audit show . Schedulers said supervisors directed them to manipulate information so their centers could meet performance goals , which would help top officials get bonuses , according to documents obtained by CNN . The new information also provided to Congress this week includes updates from specific VA hospitals that were not included in an internal audit released last month by the embattled agency . The ongoing saga involves multiple investigations into delayed care , potentially with deadly results , alarming management shortcomings and a culture that was said to have compromised the mission of providing prompt and effective medical care to millions of veterans , some of them returning soldiers from Iraq and Afghanistan . New VA secretary confirmed VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned over the scandal in May . His replacement , Robert McDonald , was confirmed by the Senate on Tuesday unanimously . The former corporate CEO and ex-Army officer has pledged to swiftly introduce reforms . Under pressure from constituents back home and most members facing voters in November , Congress is poised to approve a $ 17 billion bipartisan proposal before the week is out . It would allow the agency to hire more medical staff , lease new facilities , and give veterans the opportunity to seek care outside the VA system . It would also allow the VA secretary to more easily fire top officials . Details of delayed care were first reported by CNN in an investigation of two VA hospitals in the Southeast . Since , CNN reporting has expanded to include more hospitals and details of delayed care and allegations that up to 40 deaths were tied to the problem . Congress comes up with a deal on veterans Greater range of problems While the Phoenix VA medical center has received the most national scrutiny , the new information shows in greater depth a range of problems affecting numerous facilities nationwide . VA hospitals in Montgomery , Alabama , Clarksburg , West Virginia , and White City , Oregon , were among the worst cited in the new information . About 50 % of schedulers at those facilities reported being told by their superiors to falsify data . Moreover , schedulers in Washington , Richmond , Gainesville , Florida , and San Juan , Puerto Rico , and elsewhere used "  outside tracking logs " to hide long delays in care by not properly recording information in the scheduling system , the documents showed . Numerous other VA medical centers may have improperly used "  paper wait lists " or excel spreadsheets to hide delays , according to the new internal audit details . Data from the audit released last month found that 13 % of schedulers surveyed nationally said they were directed by hospital administrators to enter appointment dates that were different from those requested by a veteran . But the newly released data showed 55 of the VA medical centers audited had more than 13 % of schedulers reporting such direction , the documents showed . Bad VA care may have killed more than 1,000 veterans , senator 's report says Coaching schedulers Scheduling staff training has been controversial throughout recent investigations of VA management . The audit also showed that half of schedulers surveyed could not remember the date of their last training . The findings also showed there were attempts to coach and prepare staff and schedulers in a number of cases before they were questioned by auditors . House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller said any VA administrator who ordered employees to purposely manipulate patient wait times should be immediately fired . "  The environment in today 's Veterans Health Administration is one in which some VA executives are so driven in their quest for performance bonuses , promotions and power that they are willing to lie , cheat and put the health of the veterans they were hired to serve at risk , " Miller said . Gingrich Opinion : We owe our veterans real change VA takes action The VA said in a statement on its website on Tuesday that it had proposed "  a series of disciplinary " actions against six employees in Cheyenne , Wyoming , and Fort Collins , Colorado , as a result of the audit . "  Employees who have been found to have manipulated data , withheld accurate information from their supervisors , and affected the timeliness of care veterans receive do not reflect VA 's values , and their actions will not be tolerated , " said Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson . Carolyn Lerner , head of the U.S. Office of Special Counsel , said , "  We are encouraged by the VA 's action in response to Office of Special Counsel 's reports regarding whistleblower disclosures of manipulated wait-time data that masked scheduling problems at the VA 's Cheyenne and Fort Collins facilities . " The office is charged with representing whistleblowers across the country . Who is Bob McDonald ? Veterans waiting longer for cancer care ` Corrosive culture , ' weak leadership cripple VA , report says	Schedulers said they received instructions from supervisors to falsify information They were also told to hide the true time it took patients to be seen by doctors The latest details build on an internal VA audit that was released previously Allegations of delayed care , mismanagement and poor culture have rocked the VA
CNN  -- Economists pore over central bank interest rate decisions , key retail numbers and consumer confidence figures for signs of economic health -- but could road toll collections also carry clues for the future ? Academics at Germany 's Institute for the Study of Labor , based in Bonn , believe they can . They have developed a system , called the Toll Index , to tap road toll data for indications of industrial production in Europe 's biggest economy . "  Toll collectors use it to bill people , to finance our roads . We use it usefully to solve early forecasting problems , " Klaus Zimmermann , one of the institute 's directors , told CNN . Most heavy vehicles in Germany carry GPS technology which links to a satellite system for collecting road tolls . The data -- which calculates the number of trips made across borders -- is then used by Zimmerman 's team for economic forecasting . DSV head Jens Bjorn Andersen , one of Europe 's biggest transport companies , points out the industry is one of the first to feel the brunt of an economic downturn . The industry suffers if consumers cut back on spending , because there is less need to transport goods . Transportation was hit by a rapid drop in volumes after the third quarter of 2008 , as the global slump kicked in , Andersen said . "  The downturn in the whole world economy was probably seen first in transport companies , " he added . Driving a truck through Europe 's debt crisis According to Zimmermann , the transportation industry is able to give analysts a quick status check on the economy , rather than having to wait weeks or months for official data to be released . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- the first forecast of the economy which is actually better than existing economic indicators , " he said . Nikolaus Askitas , the institute 's chief technology officer , said they considered exploring river and rail transport for economic indicators but the trucking industry provided the best data . " -LSB- How do you -RSB- bring the product from the production site to the harbor or to the railway station ? By trucks , " said Askitas . The Toll Index still has some kinks , such as inability to differentiate between trucks which are carrying goods for export and those which are not . But its developers argue the speed of its data analysis delivers an insight into market movements as they are happening . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this story	Academics have developed a system to examine industrial production by analyzing the number of trucks on the road The pair examines toll collections to track trucks containing goods The CEO of DSV says transport companies are one of the first industries to feel the brunt of economic downturns
CNN  -- Roger Federer has been hit with a $ 1,500 fine for swearing at the umpire during his shock U.S. Open final defeat to Juan Martin Del Potro . Federer argues with umpire Jake Garner during his five-set defeat to Del Potro . The world number one became embroiled in an argument with Jake Garner at the end of the second set after complaining Del Potro was taking too long to decide whether or not to make challenges . The Argentine successfully overturned an "  out " call shortly before Federer 's outburst , a point that led to him breaking serve and eventually taking the set . During the exchange Federer was picked up on microphones telling Garner : "  Do n't tell me when to be quiet , okay ? When I want to talk , I 'll talk . " Del Potro went on to claim his first grand slam , ending Federer 's five-year unbeaten run at Flushing Meadows and denying the Swiss maestro a 16th grand slam title . Federer 's fine pales in comparison to the one meted out to Serena Williams , who was docked $ 10,000 for an altercation with a line judge at the climax of her semifinal with eventual winner Kim Clijsters . Williams reacted angrily after being called for a foot fault , and unleashed a torrent of abuse at the official , who reported the exchange to umpire Louise Engzell . The resulting penalty point for a code violation handed the match to Clijsters . Williams later apologized for the incident . She was also fined $ 500 for racket abuse in the same encounter . Over $ 31,000 in fines were handed out in the final grand slam of the season with Daniel Nestor , from Canada , forced to pay $ 5,000 for unsportsmanlike conduct towards a fan he confronted . Vera Zvonareva of Russia and Austria 's Daniel Koellerer were also fined $ 1,500 for audible obscenities . Federer will get an early chance to put his U.S. Open disappointment behind him when he plays for Switzerland in a World Group playoff tie against Italy this weekend in Genoa .	Roger Federer fined $ 1,500 for his argument with umpire in U.S. Open final Federer confronted Jake Garner in row over challenges by Juan Martin Del Potro Del Potro went on to win his first grand slam in five-set thriller in New York
CNN  -- With news that Sony Pictures is buying the movie rights to an upcoming biography of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , speculation has jumped to who could play the late tech mastermind . Quoting anonymous sources , the New York Times and other media outlets were reporting that Sony is in final talks and will pay $ 1 million for the rights to the book , which traces Jobs ' story from college dropout to CEO of the world 's leading tech company . Simon & Schuster announced last week that , based on the surge of interest in Jobs following his death last week , it would move the release date of the authorized biography , "  Steve Jobs " by Walter Isaacson , from November 21 to October 24 . Capturing the iconoclastic Jobs on the written page is not easy . But finding the right actor to bring him to life onscreen might be an even bigger challenge . "  When you 're casting somebody to play someone that is familiar to audiences , you 're never going to get somebody that is going to look exactly like them , " said Tammara Billik , casting director at Billik/Wood Casting in Sherman Oaks , California . "  So you have to get at the sort of internal essence of the person . You have to get their energy . " Think Ben Kingsley as Gandhi , or more recently , Jamie Foxx as Ray Charles . With a Jobs biopic , there 's the added difficulty of finding someone who can play him both as a young man starting Apple Computer in his parents ' garage with partner Steve Wozniak , and as the 50ish CEO who captivated audiences three decades later with high-profile launches of the iPhone and iPad . And then there 's the dramatic weight loss Jobs saw in his final years as he battled pancreatic cancer . The first name that came to Billik 's mind was an actor that could capture Jobs in his later years : Stanley Tucci . "  I think physically there 's a resemblance , " she said of the veteran character actor from "  The Devil Wears Prada " and other films . "  And I think Stanley always plays very bright , articulate men . I think that really speaks to who Steve Jobs was . " Going younger , she mentions another , perhaps less-likely choice : "  Saturday Night Live 's " Andy Samberg . "  He does n't really look like him , but he does n't really look like anybody he plays and he pulls it off , " she said of the actor who has mimicked another tech titan , Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , on "  SNL . " In a quick brainstorming session , Billik threw out a list of other possibilities : Josh Stamberg from "  Drop Dead Diva . " "  Heroes " alum Adrian Pasdar . Matthew Modine . Christian Bale . Jason Schwartzman . Bob Saget .  Yes , Bob Saget . We think that one was a joke  . "  You could kind of go down the list and find a lot of people who probably could do it , " Billik said . "  Nobody is going to be exactly him . But it 's got to be somebody who 's right -- who 's got an intensity to them . " Jobs has already been portrayed on screen once -- by "  ER 's " Noah Wyle in a 1999 made-for-TV movie , "  Pirates of Silicon Valley . " Of course , to cast Jobs ' life story today you 'd also need another actor to play the shorter , stouter Wozniak . Some first-instinct suggestions : Jack Black , Zach Galifianakis or Philip Seymour Hoffman . In the gallery above , we 've collected 10 actors who could bring something interesting to the role . Does one of them work for you ? Did we leave out an obvious choice ? Let us know in the comments .	Sony Pictures is buying the movie rights to an upcoming Steve Jobs biography A biopic of the Apple CEO would have to capture him in his younger and later days Casting director : No one will look just like Jobs , so the key is capturing his essence Here are 10 actors we think would bring something interesting to the role
CNN  -- If there were ever a contest for "  America 's sweetheart , " Sandra Bullock would be tough to beat . The daughter of an Army employee and a German vocal coach , Bullock has continually struck a chord with fans over her nearly 30-year career . At turns charming and relatable , she comes across as extremely genuine in a field that makes its magic through pretending . As the actress celebrates her 50th birthday on July 26 , her stock as the long-standing favorite is as solid as ever . Examine the evidence : She is firmly in the top 10 list of Hollywood 's highest paid actresses , and her films tend to make money . Her 2013 sci-fi thriller "  Gravity , " which starred Bullock as an astronaut lost in space , earned $ 716 million worldwide . And in her personal life , Bullock has managed to remain pretty scandal-proof . At the height of a devastating marital breakup from Jesse James in 2010 , when lurid tabloid headlines appeared about his alleged affairs , Bullock shocked the world with news that she had secretly adopted an African-American son from New Orleans . Not only was it surprising that the Oscar-winning actress had such a tight circle that she was able to conceal a monumental personal moment , but unlike some other celebs who had been criticized in the black community for transracial adoptions , Bullock and her decision were mostly embraced . Even other celebrities adore her . "  Avengers " star Chris Evans has been quoted as saying Bullock was his first celebrity crush . "  I saw ` Speed ' when I was in seventh grade , and I was like , that 's my lady , " Evans said . "  I literally had a big poster  of her  . " It 's easy to see why a preteen Evans fell for Bullock . In interviews Bullock can be funny , self-deprecating and just downright cool . During an appearance on "  The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson " to promote her 2013 buddy cop comedy , "  The Heat , " she and the host good-naturedly took verbal swipes at each other . When Ferguson mentioned the film "  Dumb and Dumber "  in an apparent reference to the way their interview was going  , Bullock volleyed back about that movie . "  Poop humor is fun , " she said jokingly . "  If you do the toilet scenes well and commit to them they can be really , really powerful . " Not many Academy Award winners would tackle such a subject , but it 's not surprising from Bullock , who proudly told Us Weekly that her now-3-year-old son , Louis , is fully potty-trained . While the actress has almost always been tagged as more girl next door than vixen , motherhood has clearly helped settle her even more . She 's been very outspoken about the fact that she would give it all up , the career and the fame , if it was n't good for her son in any way . "  I do n't want him to have pressures brought on by what I do . I will quit . I will leave , " she told Vogue last year . "  If I see whatever I 'm doing affecting him negatively , I will pack up and move to Alaska . " That probably helps explain why the self-professed homebody would much rather be spending time with her kid than working the press . Eschewing the Hollywood scene , the "  Blind Side " star has made paparazzi literally chase her outside the usual city limits , choosing to build her life in cities like Austin , Texas , and New Orleans . Being on the red carpet , she told CNN at a 2013 premiere of "  Gravity , " is extreme enough for her . "  Being in front of a camera , in a nice dress , getting all dressed up is extreme , " Bullock said . "  There 's a lot of other extreme situations , you know , just getting out of bed sometimes is extreme -- but I do it . Just got to do it , just got to get up . Put your sweatpants on , brush off the dog hair and just get out of the house ! " Part of what Bullock does when she gets "  out of the house " is give back to the city of New Orleans . After the devastation of Hurricane Katrina , Bullock "  adopted " Warren Easton Charter High School , and has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to the institution . In May 2014 , she surprised the graduating class with a commencement speech . "  They 're infections , they inspire me , " Bullock said of the students . "  They make me get off my butt and try to do better . ... I 've been taking and taking from  the city of New Orleans  , and when everything happened with Katrina , that 's when you realize you have to put back . "	Sandra Bullock turns 50 on July 26 She continues to be beloved The actress has said she would give it all up for her son
CNN  -- They recline in their bras and panties , some wearing pearls and Brigitte Bardot-inspired bouffants , shooting smiles at the camera . The images are just like many a lingerie ad designed to entice , but these are images of young girls -- those who are n't even old enough to need bras . French company Jours Aprs Lunes has designed a line of "  loungerie " -- a compromise between loungewear and lingerie -- for children between the ages of 4 and 12 . A line for teenagers and infants is seemingly age appropriate , but the designs for children are drawing fire . The company 's mission is to be "  the first designer brand dedicated to ` loungerie ' for children and teenagers , comprised of loungewear and lingerie to be worn over and under , inside and outside . " Fashionista.com first broke the story , stating "  What 's disturbing about Jours Aprs Lunes is not just the fact that it 's lingerie for people who probably should n't be old enough to even know what lingerie is , but the photographs on their website . " In the comments , readers went back and forth over the appropriateness of the lingerie , asking if these girls were old enough to make decisions about how they want to look and , even more hotly contested , if the styling of the photos sexualizes the lingerie , rather than the designs themselves . In an interview with the Lingerie Trade website , Jours Aprs Lunes creator Sophie Morin defended her brand and the photographs included in the ad campaign . "  There is no vulgar connotation , " she said . "  The materials are totally opaque , there is no transparency , no lace . The triangles -- there are only two in the collection -- are used in swimwear for the smallest children and as a first support for young girls , even by young women who are not looking for proper support since the tops I design do not offer any . There is no bra in my collection . "  The children are not wearing heels , nor nail polish , nor lipstick , " Morin added . "  Their hairstyles are exaggerated , just as are games and the child 's universe . These models are professional models and not ` Lolitas ' who have stolen women 's clothing . " Comments on the Fashionista story show that many who have viewed the ads do n't take away the innocent "  child 's universe " that Morin was hoping to convey . The makeup on the models , although it may not include lipstick , was another upsetting factor for viewers , and while Morin says there are no bras in the collection , it was assumed that the "  swimwear tops " were lingerie-esque in appearance . Morin also said that the loungerie is not distributed in the U.S. or the UK . The criticism of the French clothing line is not unlike when Abercrombie and Fitch released its "  Ashley " push-up bra , originally designed for 7-year-olds but later marketed to 12-year-old girls after a public outcry . Previously on CNN.com / opinion : Parents , do n't dress your girls like tramps In 2007 , the American Psychological Association developed a task force of psychologists to tackle the issue of sexualization of girls in every form of media . Dr. Tomi-Ann Roberts was a part of that task force and continues to address female body image and sexuality . Dr. Roberts and her colleagues on the task force say that sexually objectifying women at a progressively younger age has been occurring for the last 20 years in advertising . The photo spread by Jours Aprs Lunes came as no surprise to her , although she still considers these ad campaigns to be "  nauseating and sick . " In a society that continues to value younger women , we 've reached an ultimate low , Roberts said . This campaign , with its prominently featured stuffed animals , is eerily similar to a recent Victoria 's Secret fashion show , where scantily-clad models "  dragged teddy bears down the catwalk , " she said . And as for the girls involved in the photo shoot , Roberts believes they know how to portray a sexualized look . "  I think the advertising world is trying to convince all of us that youth is the only good time of life , " Dr. Roberts said . "  Now it 's like , we 've been obsessed with youth , so we might as well have them be 6 years old . Today 's girls equate pretty with ` trumped-up sexy . ' "  We have now said , as a society , that attractiveness today is constituted by a pornographied , voyeuristic look-at-me kind of sexuality . Girls know it very well . If I say ` Look pretty ' to a young girl , she lowers her chin , slants her eyes and turns to the side . That 's everywhere around them . "  What we have taught them by posing them this way that there 's something about their bodies that is publicly consumable . " Discussion : Would you buy this kind of lingerie for your young daughter ? Tell us in the comments section below .	NEW : Company creator defends her brand and the photographs included in the ad campaign French company Jours Aprs Lunes has designed a line of "  loungerie " for girls ages 4-12 Public outcry claims that the ads and lingerie are sexualizing young girls People question whether it is the ad or the lingerie that is inappropriate
WASHINGTON  -- The Federal Aviation Administration ordered U.S. airlines Thursday to replace a part that has come under suspicion in the crash of Air France Flight 447 . U.S. air safety authorities have ordered the replacement of a part on A330 planes following the crash of Air France Flight 447 . The FAA gave airlines 120 days to replace devices that could be giving false airspeed indications . All 228 people on Air France Flight 447 were killed when the Airbus A330 plane crashed June 1 en route to Paris , France , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . The U.S. air safety watchdog agency bypassed the usual process which allows for public comment on its orders . It said it could expedite the process because of the limited number of planes involved -- only 43 in the United States -- and because they say it is prudent to make the change as quickly as possible . At the same time , it said it did not feel the risk warranted grounding the fleet of aircraft . US Airways , one of only two American carriers who fly planes affected by the order , said Thursday they had already replaced the part . "  The work was completed last week . We are scheduled to take delivery of three new ... A330s by year 's end and those three will not require any ... changes , " a US Airways spokesman told CNN via e-mail . Northwest is the other U.S. carrier that operates A330s , the FAA said . A spokeswoman for Delta airlines , Northwest 's parent company , said affected Northwest planes are getting new parts . "  We are well under way working closely with Airbus and Goodrich to install the Goodrich pitot tubes within the required timelines , " Ashley Black told CNN . The devices under suspicion are the Thales Avionics pitot probes on some Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft . They measure "  ram air pressure , " the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . The FAA order requires aircraft operators to replace certain Thales pitot probes with certain Goodrich or newer-design Thales pitot probes . The FAA says the order is intended to "  prevent airspeed discrepancies , which could lead to disconnect of the autopilot and/or auto-thrust functions and consequent increased pilot workload . " French authorities are still investigating the cause of the Air France crash . But tests conducted since the crash have brought into question the performance of the pitot tubes and authorities say there have been reports of other malfunctions on flights . No U.S. operator flies A340s . There are 302 of the aircraft worldwide . The FAA action follows an announcement by European air safety authorities earlier this week to require pitot tube replacements by September 7 .	NEW : Work "  well under way , " Northwest parent company spokeswoman says FAA orders U.S. airlines to replace part under suspicion in Air France crash The devices could be giving false airspeed indications Northwest and US Airways are only U.S. carriers that fly affected planes
Atlanta  CNN  Faith leaders from the Atlanta area gathered at the state capitol for a rally with a message : "  Freedom of speech and freedom of religion are under attack . " The Family Research Council organized the gathering in support of Atlanta 's recently fired fire chief , Kelvin Cochran . Cochran self-published the book "  Who Told You That You Were Naked . " The GA Voice cited two passages from the book , which refers to homosexuality as unclean , inappropriate , vile and vulgar . When his book became public , Cochran was suspended and ultimately fired by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed . The president of the Family Research Council , Tony Perkins , along with other rally organizers and supporters , delivered nearly 40,000 petitions to city hall in support of Cochran . "  The naked truth is that the actions taken against the chief are designed to send a message that will silence Christians and in effect force them to check their faith at the door of public service , " he said . In a written statement , Reed said this is not about religious beliefs but "  the city 's nondiscrimination policy is nonnegotiable . " "  Neither race , nor gender , nor religion , nor creed , nor sexual orientation , nor physical ability , nor gender identity will be used to discriminate against any city of Atlanta employee . " Cochran spoke at the rally and said his religious beliefs have not created a hostile work environment and there has been no discrimination against any member of the LGBT community . "  There are grave consequences for publicly expressing our faith and having the audacity to believe that sex was created for procreation and should be in the bonds of holy matrimony between a man and a woman , " Cochran said . His sentiments were echoed by other faith leaders who spoke in support of him . "  How are you going to tell me that I ca n't say what the Bible says everywhere ? " asked Bishop Wellington Boone , president of the Fellowship of International Churches . "  If the Bible says that a level of acts of behavior is vile affections , it 's clearly vile affections , " he said . Cochran , a 34-year veteran of the firefighting profession , has spent the last seven years working for the Atlanta Fire and Rescue Department . He said his termination was unjust . "  All people , groups are welcomed and embraced in the city of Atlanta , except the groups that believe the scripture regarding God 's purpose for sex , " he said . Reed said Cochran 's comments eroded his confidence in the chief . "  Every single employee under the fire chief 's command deserves the certainty that he or she is a valued member of the team and that fairness and respect guide employment decisions , " Reed said . Reed also said Cochran failed to notify him about his plans to publish the book and called it an "  irreconcilable lapse in judgment . " Cochran said he received permission to write the book from the ethics director . Cochran expressed his gratitude to his supporters and maintained : "  One thing we should not have to sacrifice are the freedoms inherit in our great nation : free speech and freedom of religion . "	Kelvin Cochran 's book , "  Who Told You That You Were Naked , " decries homosexuality He and his backers say his firing violates his rights to freedom of speech , religion
In her race to defeat Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , Alison Lundergan Grimes has barnstormed Kentucky , talking up her support for raising the minimum wage and criticizing the GOP 's so-called war on women . But the restaurant owned by Grimes ' family does n't always practice what she preaches , and Kentucky Republicans have been happy to point that out . On the campaign trail , Grimes said recently , "  I 'm fighting for all Kentuckians , all working Americans across this nation . I do n't believe $ 7.25 an hour raises a family of four above the poverty level . " But documents and interviews with employees reveal that , like many restaurants , her family 's burger joint pays some tipped staffers minimum wage . We caught up with Grimes in Kentucky and asked how she can advocate for raising the minimum wage , when that 's all her family 's restaurant pays some workers . "  Listen , my family is not in this race . I 'm on the ballot . And as much as Mitch McConnell wants to attack my family , he has from the beginning , I 'm going to stay focused on the issues , " she told CNN . "  And for me , it 's about making sure that hard working Kentuckians have a bright future . And that future includes having not just a minimum wage , but a living wage . " Of course , servers can often make more than minimum wage after tips . And while Grimes does n't own the restaurant , she did do legal work for the business , signing incorporation documents and representing it in a lawsuit . But minimum wage is n't the only issue dogging Grimes ' family business . Hugh Jass Burgers -- say it out loud to get the joke -- has menu items like "  Charlotte 's Rack , sure to be voted biggest rack " named after Grimes ' mom and "  Abby 's Hugh Jass , " a burger named after her sister . They also sell souvenirs like an apron with "  Check Out My Buns " emblazoned across it . The restaurant 's approach has raised eyebrows , especially since Grimes ' camp accused the GOP of sexism . "  I am the Kentucky woman who my Republican colleagues in this state so gentlemanly refer to as an empty dress , " Grimes said . When we tried to ask Grimes about her family 's use of double entendre , she refused to answer , letting her security detail lead her away from reporters .	Alison Lundergan Grimes is campaigning on raising the minimum wage The restaurant owned by her family pays tipped staffers minimum wage Grimes to CNN : "  My family is not in this race "
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A clerk 's quick flip of a switch foiled a robbery Friday at an Office Depot store in downtown Chicago . Police said a man wearing a light blue button-down shirt and dark slacks entered the store carrying a gun concealed in a folded newspaper . He approached one of the store 's cash registers and demanded the contents of the safe , police said . The clerk refused but immediately turned on the public address system so that other customers could hear what was going on . Hearing his threat broadcast throughout the store , the man fled . He ended up robbing a nearby Fannie May candy store at gunpoint , police said , and fled that store in a white taxi . Authorities said the robber , a man between ages 30 and 40 , was still at large . No injuries were reported in either robbery .	Store clerk switches on PA system after being threatened by man with gun Armed robber flees after hearing his threat broadcast to customers in the store Robber struck at nearby Fannie May candy store , holding store up at gunpoint Authorities say the robber , a man between ages 30 and 40 , is still at large
CNN  -- There 's been a lot of talk lately suggesting that the era of taking your shoes off when you pass through airport security may be coming to an end . That sounds great , but I would n't get too excited just yet . This may be a ray of hope for those looking for a less burdensome air travel security experience , but it 's really just a tiny piece of what needs to be fixed with security . If it happens , it will only have a very slight impact on the overall experience . The buzz was started by Secretary Janet Napolitano of the Department of Homeland Security . At an event recently , she said that when it comes to air travel screening , "  one of the first things you will see over time is the ability to keep your shoes on . " So , will this be happening soon ? I doubt it . Note the part that says "  over time . " You 'll remember that the rule requiring people to take their shoes off when they pass through security came after Richard Reid put explosives in his shoes and tried to light them in flight . He was n't successful at blowing up an airplane , but he was successful at making security screening more miserable . Traditional metal detectors could n't catch the explosives , so people were forced to put their shoes on the X-ray belt like everything else . Homeland Security gets mixed reviews ahead of 9/11 anniversary Why is Napolitano now suggesting that this rule will end ? The government has yet to find a technology it considers adequate for scanning shoes while they 're still on people 's feet . Until that happens , I simply ca n't imagine any change happening . Maybe this means that a new technology is on the horizon , but we 've seen that song and dance before .  Remember the puffer machines ? This sounds like a lot of talk with no real timeline in sight other than some vague promises down the line . Even if it does happen , will it improve the screening experience enough ? In the same breath , Napolitano also said , "  one of the last things you will probably see is a reduction or removing the limitation on liquids . " Sigh . So you might be able to keep your shoes on , but you 'll still have to pull your laptop out of your bag , limit yourself to a quart-size bag filled with 3-ounce liquids and subject yourself to a variety of screening techniques that use multiple types of machines with seemingly arbitrary rules at every airport . Pistole : Airport security is safer , but no guarantee Some believe that making security more pleasant will help spur more people to travel . That might be the case if the process speeds up enough to make it worth considering air travel for shorter flights that may not be as competitive with the car today . But just allowing someone to keep his shoes on wo n't make much of a difference . Until there is widespread belief that there is a convenient , non-intrusive security method that keeps our skies safe , then the number of people willing to travel wo n't change . Something tells me we are n't going to see any big changes like this for years and years .	Homeland Security secretary : Shoe rule may change "  over time " Government has yet to find an adequate way for scanning shoes Snyder : We probably wo n't see any big changes for years
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two airmen on a U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle died when the plane crashed in eastern Afghanistan early Saturday , the U.S. military said . A U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle similar to this one crashed Saturday in eastern Afghanistan . The two-man fighter went down while it was conducting military operations , another source , Lt. Col. Reid Christopherson , said earlier . "  At this time , we are very comfortable in stating there was no hostile fire in the incident , " Christopherson said . He added that a board of officers will investigate the crash of the highly maneuverable , all-weather tactical fighter . In a news release , the military said the incident occurred at 3:15 a.m. Kabul time and also noted that there was no "  hostile fire . " "  We mourn the loss of these two airmen and our thoughts are with their families , loved ones and their unit , " the news release said . "  Only after a deliberative and thorough investigation will we know what caused this event . " A spokesman for the governor of Afghanistan 's central Ghazni province , who goes by the single name Jihangir , confirmed that a U.S. plane crashed in Ghazni 's Nawur district before dawn . "  The crash site was sealed off by coalition forces , " Jihangir told CNN by telephone , "  Afghan police were not allowed to have access to this area . " The Afghan official said the plane crashed in Ghazni , some 160 kilometers west of the town of Ghazni , between the communities of Qaracha and Bahari . The jet crash comes in a bloody month in Afghanistan . July 's toll of international military fatalities stands at 50 , the highest tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Air Force F-15 Eagle crash kills both crew members , U.S. military says Crash was not caused by hostile fire , Pentagon spokesman says Afghan police prevented from going to crash site , local official says
CNN  -- Lazio moved up to second place in Serie A on Saturday with a 1-0 win at Sampdoria . A first-half goal from Brazilian midfielder Anderson Hernanes was enough for all three points as a clutch of teams look to keep touch with leaders Juventus . The reigning champions , who left it late to beat Cagliari on Friday , are currently eight points clear with 44 points . Vladimir Petkovic 's side replace Inter Milan in second place after Andrea Stramaccioni 's side could only manage a 1-1 draw at home to struggling Genoa . Ciro Immobile gave the visitors the lead in the 77th minute before Argentina 's Esteban Cambiasso headed home an equalizer with five minutes remaining . The result sees Inter slip to fourth , level on 35 points with Fiorentina , but with an inferior goal difference . Vincenzo Montella 's men boosted their league goal tally with a 3-0 win away to Palermo . Three second-half goals -- two from Stevan Jovetic and one from Gonzalo Rodriguez ensured a comfortable win over 18th place Palermo . Read : Lone soccer fan wins army of admirers Napoli remain fifth in the league after a 2-0 win at bottom-of-the-table Siena -- Christian Maggio scored with four minutes remaining before Edinson Cavani converted a spot kick in injury time . Erik Lamela scored a brace as sixth-placed Roma thumped AC Milan 4-2 at the Stadio Olimpico . Nicolas Burdisso put the home side ahead in the 13th minute before Pablo Osvaldo doubed the lead ten minutes later . Lamela made it three on the half-hour mark before finding the net again in the 60th minute to leave Milan reeling following a winning streak of four matches . Read : The lonely death of Diego Mendieta Milan managed to claw two goals back late in the game -- substitute 's Giampoalo Pazzini and Bojak Krkic finding the net in the 87th and 88th minute -- but it was only after Roma 's Brazilian defender Marquinhos had been shown a red card for deliberate hand ball ten minutes earlier . The win , which sees Roma consolidate 6th place ahead of Milan , is likely to heap further pressure on Rossoneri coach Massimiliano Allegri . Parma move up to eighth after a 2-1 away to Bologna . Frederik Sorensen gave the hosts the lead in the 54th minute before Roberto Donadoni 's team struck back with two quickfire goals . Jaime Valdes equalized in the 56th minute before Nicola Sansone hit the winning goal ten minutes later . Mid-table Atalanta and Udinese shared the points in a 1-1 draw -- Luis Muriel opening the scoring for the visitors in the 33rd minute only for German Denis to cancel out the lead with a spot kick seven minutes later . Torino eased their relegation worries with a 2-0 win over Chievo . The win lifts Giampiero Ventura 's side up to 13th with 19 points two points behind 12th placed Chievo .	Inter Milan drop to fourth in Serie A after a 1-1 draw with struggling Genoa Lazio 's 1-0 win at Sampdoria leaves them on 36 points , eight behind leaders Juventus Fiorentina up to third after comfortable 3-0 at Palermo ; Roma beat AC Milan 4-2 at Stadio Olimpico
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published in December by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian Zelizer says Woodrow Wilson got his Nobel Peace Prize at the end of a presidency marked by failure . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Did President Obama deserve the Nobel Peace Prize ? That debate will likely continue for weeks to come . But the more interesting question may be about what impact the prize will have on President Obama himself and the key decisions he must make about national security . The case of Woodrow Wilson , the last sitting president to be awarded the prize , offers some useful lessons . On December 10 , 1920 , Albert Schmedeman , the American Minister to Norway , accepted the Nobel Prize on behalf of President Wilson , who was being honored for his work in creating the League of Nations . The president had first been nominated in 1918 , but strong internal disagreement within the committee delayed his receiving the prize . It was his actual campaign to gain ratification for the League of Nations agreement in 1919 that persuaded the committee he had earned the recognition . Schmedeman read a statement from Wilson , who was in poor health after suffering a stroke , that said : "  In accepting the honor of your award , I am moved by the recognition of my sincere and earnest efforts in the cause of peace , but also by the very poignant humility before the vastness of the work still called for by this cause . " Wilson realized that the award came toward the end of a presidency where he had failed to achieve many of his goals . There was a certain irony that the prize was awarded right at the time that President Wilson had failed to persuade the U.S. Senate to ratify the Treaty of Versailles , the agreement signed at the end of World War I . One of the Norwegian newspapers , the Aftenposten , ran an editorial that stated : "  After disappointment in Versailles he returned home a beaten man , ridiculed by his adversaries and fellow-citizens . By circumstances out of his control he was restrained from promoting his international peace work . As President of the United States he was unable to do anything more , but history will keep memory of him as creator of the League of Nations . "  To Europe and to great parts of America President Wilson looms as the man of peace who broke with the old doctrines and showed the way toward new ideas . He is , first and last , the great peace promoter -- popular among the victorious and among those beaten . " When Wilson received the Nobel Prize , his presidency was one of dashed expectations . In addition to the fact that the U.S. Senate had refused to ratify the Treaty of Versailles -- despite a massive campaign by the president to pressure them into doing so -- many other things had been difficult in Wilson 's second term . Though he had run for reelection in 1916 as a president who would keep the nation out of war , Wilson led American troops into a bloody battle . Although Wilson had promised fellow progressives that he would not abandon the domestic principles he had embraced in his first term , once the nation was at war , his administration violated civil liberties , imprisoned wartime opponents , and abandoned much of an interest in creating domestic programs that were unrelated to the war . And while many peoples of the world had been deeply inspired by President Wilson 's calls for self-determination , he backed off from pursuing those principles in exchange for international support for the League of Nations . Without American participation , the League of Nations ultimately proved ineffective in preventing war . Obama is fortunate that his Nobel Prize comes much earlier in his presidency . The Nobel Prize Committee granted the award to President Obama for "  his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples . " The secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee stated that Obama 's achievement has been to shift the international climate toward issues such as diplomacy and negotiation , arms control and disarmament , multilateral institutions , as well as democracy and human rights . The good news for President Obama is that while he has had a tough few months in office , he still enjoys strong approval ratings in the U.S. and , as the award indicates , has significant prestige abroad . In other words , even after all the town hall meetings and the challenges with his agenda , expectations remain high about what this president can do . The president enters a period when he will be making critical decisions that will help shape the "  international climate . " He will need to decide how strongly to push for climate control legislation , what to do about the requests for more troops in Afghanistan , how to handle counterterrorism policy with regard to issues such as the closure of Guantanamo , and how to respond to Iran 's nuclear program . As he makes these decisions , this award can serve as a powerful reminder about what his supporters were hoping he could achieve , and as a source of energy to pursue those goals . In his speech on Friday , Obama indicated that he was thinking in these terms . He said : "  I will accept this award as a call to action -- a call for all nations to confront the challenges of the 21st century . " When Woodrow Wilson died in 1924 , he understood all too well how devastating dashed expectations could be for a presidency . "  I am a broken piece of machinery , " he said on his deathbed . In Wilson 's case , the Nobel Prize only amplified the limits of what he had been able to accomplish in the White House and the promises he had broken along the way . In President Obama 's case , the award comes much earlier in his tenure and can serve a very different function , offering a compass to guide him as he makes critical decisions about national security in the weeks ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The last sitting president to receive Nobel was Woodrow Wilson He says Wilson 's prize came at end of a very troubled presidency He says Obama is being honored at beginning of presidency Zelizer : Prize can serve as a moral compass to guide Obama 's actions
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Phenomenon is back . You may not have recognized him when he came on as a substitute for Corinthians in a Brazilian Cup match , though . After all , he 's a few kilos heavier than the Ronaldo we grew to know and love in the last decade . Comeback Brazilian : Ronaldo is playing competitive football again -- but will he reach his former glory ? However , at 32 years of age , Ronaldo Luis Nazario de Lima is attempting another comeback . Will it be a successful one ? As far as I am concerned , it wo n't . Debate : Do you think Ronaldo can return to his former glory ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . I have had the privilege of interviewing Ronaldo various times , and spent some one-on-one time with him in Italy and France . He 's a great guy , friendly , humble and fun-loving . However , that last personality trait has contributed to a turbulent career and lifestyle . Wherever he has gone , the striker has always made his mark , on and off the field . While he was helping Barcelona , Inter Milan , Real Madrid and Brazil win a multitude of titles , he also found himself in the headlines a multitude of times for all the wrong reasons . It 's true that Ronaldo has always been unfortunate with injuries - he has undergone three major knee operations . However , his love for a night out and for a playboy lifestyle may have also contributed to the breakdown of his body . In my opinion , this is the reason he will struggle to stay fit and motivated for Corinthians this season . There are too many temptations for him in Brazil , and I do n't see him being able to resist all of them . Furthermore , he has won practically everything there is to win in the world of football , with the exception of the Champions League . So it would be fair to say that he 's not going to bend over backwards to make sure his new team wins some silverware this season . He will score the odd goal and make the odd highlight , but I do n't expect his latest comeback to be a success .	Brazilian Ronaldo is back playing competitive football for Corinthians The 32-year-old has been out for 13 months after needing knee surgery CNN 's Pedro Pinto predicts Ronaldo wo n't reach his former glory
SALT LAKE CITY , Utah  CNN  -- Carolyn Dennis , mother of a 5-year-old , initially was n't too keen on Utah 's decision to move her to a four-day workweek . Mylitta Barrett says Utah 's four-day workweek makes looking after her disabled son , Joseph , harder . Dennis and 17,000 other state employees this month began working four 10-hour days per week rather than five eight-hour days . When told of the change , Dennis immediately thought about her son . She normally picked him up from day care in the afternoon . Since she 'd now be working later , pickup seemed like it 'd be a problem . "  My first instinct was , ` Day care closes at 6 p.m. , ' " said Dennis , who works at the state Department of Commerce . But then something else hit her : She 's just picked up an extra day off per week . If she could work out the day-care issue , the change would n't be so bad after all . "  I am going to have every Friday to spend with my son , " she said . Watch Utah 's big experiment with the four-day workweek " Utah is betting benefits like that -- and the millions of dollars it hopes to save on energy bills by closing some state buildings on Fridays -- will outweigh the adjustments that workers and service seekers will have to make . In a one-year experiment , the state moved most of its employees -- those working in non-emergency services -- to the four-day week August 4 . By closing 1,000 state buildings an extra day per week , it hopes to save about $ 3 million in utility costs during the trial . It also hopes employees will save on fuel costs by driving to work one less day per week . The state , which will decide next year whether to make the move permanent , expects some backlash because the public will have one fewer day weekly to get in-person services such as driver 's license renewals . But officials say that because employees will be working longer Monday through Thursday , service hours on those days are extended accordingly . Also , the state says Internet offerings allow people to make some transactions with the state anytime they want . As for Dennis ' day-care dilemma , she was in luck . Because many of the parents leaving their children at her son 's center were state employees , the center expanded its hours to accommodate them . iReport : Are you overworked ? She is charged more per day because her son is there longer . But because she no longer has to pay for Friday care , she 's paying about the same per week . Her new day off , Dennis said , will let her slow down and enjoy time with her son . "  As soon as he knew this was happening , we sat down with the calendar and planned out what activities he was going to do for the next three months , " she said . "  This Friday , we are going to the planetarium ; next Friday is the zoo . Those are things I -LSB- did n't -RSB- get to do with him . " But some workers are n't able to make the switch as easily as others . At the Department of Commerce last week , administrators wheeled around energy drinks and sodas for employees who were bleary-eyed from waking an hour earlier than usual . See other areas trying four-day workweeks nationwide " Jeff Herring , the executive director of Utah 's Department of Human Resources , said the state is working with employees on the transition . "  The governor has made it very clear that as long as we can serve the public , we need to do what we can to exercise flexibility with the employees , " Herring said . Utah officials say previous studies on four-day workweeks show that for most participants , having a three-day weekend more than compensates for the longer work hours and recharges employees ' batteries . But Mylitta Barrett of Ogden doubts her new day off will provide much relief . A statistician working for the state , Barrett is a single mom of three , including 14-year-old Joseph , who has cerebral palsy and needs constant care . Barrett 's carefully orchestrated routine of caring for her sons -- the others are 13 and 9 -- has been thrown off by her new schedule . "  Right now , I ca n't tell you how it 's going to work , " said Barrett , 48 . Because Barrett now leaves for her Salt Lake City job while her children are still asleep -- her new start time is 7 a.m. , two hours earlier than before -- she hired someone to help get her sons to school . Barrett said her supervisors have been flexible with her schedule while she tries to adjust . But while her colleagues are ecstatic about having Fridays off , she feels anything but excitement . "  It 's great for the people who are getting three-day weekends , and I am real excited for them ... but it 's happening at our expense , and that 's not fair , " she said . Barrett said she does n't foresee switching jobs . She loves what she does and would be unlikely to get elsewhere the medical benefits she needs to care for Joseph . Having a Friday off is nice , she said , but it wo n't give her back what she 's losing . "  You ca n't make up the soccer game that I missed on Monday because you were working and did n't get home until 7 o'clock at night or sitting down to do homework with the boys . You ca n't make that up . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Utah this month moved most employees to a four-day workweek The state estimates it will save $ 3 million in utility costs for the year Some parents are happy about change ; others say it is n't fair The four-day work week is a one-year experiment and could become permanent
CNN  -- Less than a year before it stages the World Cup , Brazil is once again in the news for the wrong reasons . Brazilian football players protested Wednesday and said they could take more action -- possibly "  drastic measures " -- if their confederation does n't make changes to the country 's overcrowded calendar . They want , among other things , more vacation time , longer preseasons , fewer games and a bigger voice in decision making . In some matches , the players crossed their arms before the opening whistle . In others they did so after the whistle blew . And in some instances , they passed the ball from one end of the field to the other after the referees threatened to give players yellow cards . Also in a game , players from both sides unfurled a banner in the middle of the pitch while the national anthem played . It read : "  For a football that is better for everyone . " In a statement , Common Sense F.C. -- not a club but a movement symbolizing the changes the players want -- said on its Facebook page : "  If there are attempts to prevent players from expressing themselves in a peaceful way , drastic measures will be taken . "  We expect an official position followed by moves that will benefit Brazilian football . " According to Brazilian media , the future measures could include players crossing their arms for a longer period of time , wearing red clown noses or even halting a game . There was no official reaction on Friday , which is a national holiday in Brazil . The protests came two weeks after a former professional football player was found decapitated in Rio de Janeiro .	Brazilian footballers cross their arms in games to protest against their confederation The players want changes made , including more vacation time and fewer games If their demands are n't met , they say "  drastic measures " could be taken The protests are the latest black eye for the country that hosts next year 's World Cup
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- None of the seven doctors and one nurse investigated by California authorities will face criminal prosecution in the death of singer Michael Jackson , the state attorney general 's office said Wednesday . Investigators did not find sufficient evidence to recommend criminal prosecution of any of the medical practitioners , said Christine Gasparac , a spokeswoman for Attorney General Jerry Brown . But a doctor who prescribed drugs to the pop singer using a fake name shortly before the singer 's death could be disciplined by the California medical board , Gasparac said . She would not identify the doctor referred to the medical board or the others who were cleared . Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Jackson 's personal physician when he died a year ago , was not part of the probe , Gasparac said . Murray was charged with involuntary manslaughter earlier this year in the entertainer 's death . State drug agents executed search warrants at several doctors ' offices last summer and at least one pharmacy . "  After reviewing hundreds of pages of records and documents obtained from the medical practitioners , the attorney general 's office has referred one doctor , who wrote prescriptions to an alias known to have been used by Jackson , to the California medical board for further review , " Gasparac said . Agents spent several hours inside the Mickey Fine Pharmacy just below the Beverly Hills practice of Dr. Arnold Klein , Jackson 's dermatologist . Investigators also visited Klein 's office , where Jackson was seen several times in the weeks before his June 25 , 2009 , death . Klein told CNN last year that he never prescribed dangerous drugs to the singer . Searches of Jackson 's rented mansion revealed a long list of prescription drugs in his bedroom after his death , according to court documents and the autopsy report . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's death was from an overdose of propofol , a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep . A consultant 's report included in the autopsy said the level of lorazepam , a powerful anti-anxiety agent found in Jackson 's body "  would have accentuated the respiratory and cardiovascular depression from propofol . " CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	LAPD asks state drug agents to probe seven Jackson doctors , one nurse One doctor referred to medical board Attorney General : No evidence to support criminal prosecution Dr. Conrad Murray already faces a criminal charge
CNN  -- Lyon have reached agreement with French league rivals Bordeaux to sign French international playmaker Yoann Gourcuff for a fee of 22 million euros . The 24-year-old , who was sent off for France against hosts South Africa at the World Cup finals and has won 24 caps for his country , will sign a long-term contract with the former champions . Lyon midfielder Jean Makoun told reporters that the club 's players were excited by Gourcuff 's arrival at the club . "  His signing demonstrates the ambition we have . "  He has a lot of technical qualities . He is a player who can be decisive in extra time and in the final pass . Sometimes we have trouble in these areas . "  With him we 're hoping to get to the next level and recapture the title , " he added . Meanwhile , Juventus are reported to have made a move to sign Italy forward Antonio Di Natale from Udinese . Italian news agency Ansa have claimed the Turin club have offered seven million euros for the 32-year-old . However , the player himself has distanced himself from reports , telling local media : "  I 've been here seven years and I want to stay here , I do n't know anything about a transfer . " In other transfer news , West Ham striker Alessandro Diamanti has completed his return to Italy , signing for newly-promoted Serie A side Brescia . The 27-year-old failed to become a regular for the English Premier League side after joining from Livorno last year -- and has now gone back to Italy for a fee in the region of 2.2 million euros .	Lyon reach an agreement with French league rivals Bordeaux to sign Yoann Gourcuff The former French champions to pay 22 million euros for the French midfielder Gourcuff played for France at the World Cup finals in South Africa and has won 24 caps Juventus have registered an interest in signing Italian striker Antonio Di Natale
Washington  CNN  -- Five close calls involving passenger jets at big U.S. airports prompted a recommendation on Monday for new rules to prevent planes from getting dangerously close to each other when one aborts a landing . The National Transportation Safety Board recommended the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  change its standards to ensure safe aircraft separation in cases of a "  go-around . " That 's when pilots cut short a landing at the last minute and pull up to circle the airport before making another try . NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman outlined four incidents in 2012 and one in 2006 when planes initiating "  go-arounds " and got dangerously close to aircraft taking off or landing . Three occurred at Las Vegas 's McCarran airport , one at New York 's John F Kennedy airport and one at Charlotte-Douglass International . Airliners too close for comfort over New York "  The NTSB is concerned that in these events , ATC  air traffic control  was not able to ensure the safe separation of aircraft . " Hersman wrote in a letter to FAA Administrator Michael Huerta . Crashes were only avoided because pilots took evasive maneuvers , she wrote . The FAA oversees air traffic operations . In each of the incidents , the flight paths would not have intersected had the plane landed successfully instead of conducting the "  go around . " Controllers under current rules are required to ensure there is enough space between aircraft during take offs and landings . But there is a gap in regulations when those paths converge during "  go arounds , " the NTSB said . The FAA said in a statement that it takes the recommendations seriously and will respond within 90 days . Passenger plane , military helicopter come close near D.C. . The FAA said its thoroughly investigated the close-call incidents and took aggressive steps to address the causes . The incidents cited by the NTSB include : On July 30 , 2012 , a Spirit Airlines Airbus A319 was executing a go around at Las Vegas and came within a quarter mile horizontally , and 100 feet vertically of a Cessna Citation landing on a separate runway . The same day at JFK , an American Airlines Boeing 737 aborted landing and came within a third of a mile horizontally and 300 feet vertically a from a Pinnacle Airlines CRJ-200 regional jet . The NTSB reported the pilot of the American jet radioed "  we are turning as tightly as we can " while the Pinnacle pilot said on another frequency "  we are trying not to hit this aircraft off our right . " On July 14 , 2012 , an ExpressJet Embraer 145 at Charlotte came within 1,000 feet horizontally and 400 feet vertically of an Air Wisconsin CRJ that was departing . On April 26 , 2012 , a Jet Blue A320 conducting a go around came within a third of a mile horizontally and 100 feet vertically of a Learjet 60 at Las Vegas . On January 27 , 2006 , a United Airlines A320 aborted a landing and came within 1,400 feet horizontally and 300 feet vertically of a departing American 757 at Las Vegas .	National Transportation Safety Board concerned about near misses during aborted landings Board says standards inadequate , recommends FAA improve aircraft separation Incidents , four last year , occurred in Las Vegas , New York and Charlotte Safety issue arises when planes scrub landing and then pull up to circle airport
CNN  -- It 's been described as the symbolic voice of God . You can hear it trumpeting across Israel and Jewish communities everywhere during the Jewish New Year , Rosh Hashanah , which begins at sundown on September 24 . Crafted from the horn of a kosher animal , the shofar is "  an instrument that releases , symbolically , God 's voice , " according to shofar expert Robert Weinger . "  We are waking up our spirituality . To return to god to actually cleanse ourselves . " Weinger , an American , worked in the food and beverage industry for over 20 years before he found his calling . Now , he imports shofars to the United States from Israel . Aside from importing shofars , Weinger also plays it for people and at synagogues . But when he does , he says it 's not about him . "  I do n't strike a pose and have the focus on me , " says Weinger . "  The focus is on the breath of God , which is being released through me . " The instrument is almost as old as Judaism , dating back thousands of years to the time of Abraham and Isaac . "  First , during Rosh Hashanah , we sound the shofar to coronate God as the king , " says Rabbi Meir Schweiger of the Pardes Institute of Jewish Studies . "  The second , is that the shofar is seen as an alarm , a kind of wake-up call . Take stock of what you 've done over the past year . " The Jewish calendar enters the year 5775 . Rosh Hashanah marks the time Jews believe God created man . "  It also marks the day when Adam and Eve ate from the tree of knowledge of good and evil , " says Schweiger says . But first , this alarm needs to be created . In a nondescript workshop in Tel Aviv , Eli Ribak grinds down the rough edges of a ram 's horn . Surrounding him are sacks of raw horns fill every corner , rising to the ceiling . Ribak 's family has been crafting shofars for three generations -- and his partner 's family since the 14th century . Their company , Shofarot-Israel , is one of the biggest producers of shofars in the world . Around the Jewish New Year , the horn blasts fill his small showroom . Boxes of all types of shofars line the walls . There are some made out of long and spiral antelope horns , curved rams horns and buffalo horns . But not every horn can be turned into a shofar . "  According to Jewish law , the shofar has to be something that is actually hallow inside , " Schweiger says . "  You ca n't have the shofar of a cow and in fact the preferred shofar is a ram 's horn . " Customers at Ribak 's shop test each one trying to find that perfect pitch . "  We need to select the right shofar to the person , " says Ribak . "  If a good shofar works for you . It wo n't necessarily be a good shofar for someone else . " If a customer does n't know how to play the instrument , Ribak can teach them . Much like the trumpet "  you have to ensure that no air escapes from a very tiny hole in your lips , " says Ribak . "  Straight and fast , that is how you blow a shofar . " For Weinger , he is listening for a specific sound . "  I am listening for the heart of god . I am listening for that pure sound that is in complete harmony . "	The shofar is "  an instrument that releases , symbolically , God 's voice , " says an expert The instrument dates back thousands of years to the time of Abraham and Isaac Made from the horn of a kosher animal , the preferred shofar is a ram 's horn Customers at Eli Ribak 's shop in Tel Aviv test each one , trying to find that perfect pitch
CNN  -- A nun and two peace activists could spend the rest of their lives in federal prison after being convicted of breaching one of the nation 's most secure nuclear facilities . After two days of testimony , a federal jury in Knoxville , Tennessee , found Sister Megan Rice , 83 ; Greg Boertje-Obed , 57 ; and Michael Walli , 63 , guilty of destroying U.S. government property and depredation against federal property exceeding $ 1,000 . That could mean up to 30 years in prison , according to WATE , CNN 's affiliate in Knoxville . The three are scheduled to be sentenced on September 23 . When the guilty verdict was read Wednesday evening , the three defendants appeared content , even singing along with protest hymns before they were taken into custody , according to WATE . "  They 're at peace about this , they 're peace makers , and they knew that they risked this , " Joe Quigley , attorney for Walli , told the Knoxville station . "  Nobody is happy to go jail , but they understand . " In the predawn hours of July 28 , 2012 , Rice , Boertje-Obed and Walli walked under the cover of darkness through the woods and up a hillside , approaching a chain-link fence surrounding the Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge , Tennessee . Armed with flashlights and a bolt cutter , they cut their way through the fence , fully expecting to be arrested on the spot . Instead , they walked nearly a mile , cutting through four fences in all , breaching what was supposed to be the most tightly secured uranium processing and storage facility in the country . "  When we got to the very high security fence where there 's a lethal force authorized ... I thought , maybe we should turn around , " Boertje-Obed told CNN 's David Mattingly . But they did n't . Hours later , the three activists were finally confronted by a guard after hoisting banners , spray-painting messages and splattering human blood on a building that houses highly enriched uranium . They have said they wanted call attention to the dangers of nuclear weapons , but their actions triggered a very different concern : If three older peaceniks can easily trespass onto what was once considered the "  Fort Knox " for highly enriched uranium , just how safe are the nation 's nuclear weapons material from terrorists ? Nuclear weapons interactive : Who has what ? Since the incident , Congress has held a series of hearings and issued security recommendations to the Department of Energy and its National Nuclear Security Administration , which runs Y-12 and seven other nuclear weapons sites . Most recently , Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in March that the Department of Energy has taken "  several major actions ... to improve security " since the Y-12 breach , including management changes and independent security reviews . Today , changes at Y-12 are noticeable . A new security contractor is in charge . New signs and security fences are going up . While last year 's security breach shed light on systematic weaknesses at Y-12 , a former nuclear reactor safety manager at the Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico said he does n't think the nation 's nuclear weapons material were ever at any risk . "  What these people did was more like trespassing than gaining access to any weapons-grade material , " said Michael Allen , who is now a vice provost and dean at Middle Tennessee State University . "  Once they got in , they could spray paint things , but it 's just like if you got into Fort Knox , you would n't know the combination to the locks . " Allen said the country 's nuclear weapons material is spread across eight sites that are "  usually out in the middle of nowhere " to protect against threats . "  There 's really only one place where the weapons are fully assembled ; I 'm not going to tell you which one , " Allen said . "  And the reason there are eight places , they do n't want people to have the full knowledge  of what the other facilities do  . "  We almost never see an assembled nuclear weapon . " But another nuclear security expert said the Y-12 breach was more than just trespassing by a few environmental protesters . "  This was a very serious incident because they penetrated the protected area , and that 's when there was supposed to be an immediate security response , " said Edwin Lyman , a senior scientist with Global Security Program , a watchdog group that monitors the Department of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  If they had been trained , the kind of paramilitary group that the Department of Energy is supposed to be ensuring they can protect against , with hand-carried explosives , other breaching tools , physical access to the building structure ... the guards would have already lost . " Lyman said the breach was not an isolated incident . "  It was a result of this reduced central oversight , giving contractors more responsibility for supervising themselves , and that 's an invitation of corner-cutting and complacency to set in , " he said . The incident not only broke the public 's trust that the government is "  exercising good oversight " of its nuclear weapons facilities , according to Lyman , but he said it also has "  global implications . " "  If we ca n't even control our own nuclear weapons material , it shows what a major challenge it is around the world ... that have comparably dangerous materials but are even less protected . And , Lyman pointed out , if the United States appears to have vulnerabilities in protecting its nuclear weapons material , "  then that not only reduces our authority to criticize other countries , it raising questions about the integrity of our own security . " CNN 's David Mattingly and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Three peace activists have been convicted of trespassing , defacing a nuclear weapons site The incident last year took place at the Y-12 facility in Oak Ridge , Tennessee They could face 30 years in prison , according to CNN affiliate WATE-TV
A New Mexico man has settled with local authorities for $ 1.6 million after claiming police forced him to undergo "  multiple digital penetrations and three enemas " on an invalid warrant and without finding any of the illicit drugs they were looking for . David Eckert "  feels gratified that the city and county acted quickly , and ... that they recognize his dignity and humanity , " his lawyer , Joe Kennedy , said Thursday . "  He expects that it wo n't happen to anyone else ever again . " Hidalgo County , New Mexico , Manager Jose Salazar , the top official in the county involved in the settlement , declined to comment on Thursday . And a CNN call to Deming , New Mexico , police Chief Brandon Gigante was not immediately returned . Eckert , 54 , who sued the county and police departments last year , said that he feels he "  got some justice , as I think the settlement shows they were wrong to do what they did to me . " "  I feel grateful to live in the United States , " Eckert said in a statement posted on his lawyer 's Facebook page . "  Bad things happen , but in America there is a way to get justice . " The lawsuit laid out in vivid detail Eckert 's version of his 12-hour ordeal early in January 2013 . Lawsuit : Cops forced man to undergo enemas , colonoscopy According to a police affidavit accompanying that lawsuit , a detective asked a different officer to pull over Eckert 's 1998 brown Dodge pickup truck for not properly stopping at a stop sign . After Eckert was pulled over , a Deming police officer said that he saw Eckert "  was avoiding eye contact with me , " his "  left hand began to shake , " and he stood "  erect  with  his legs together , " the affidavit stated . Eckert was told he could go home after a third officer issued him a traffic citation . But before he did , Eckert voluntarily consented to a search of him and his vehicle , according to the affidavit . A K-9 dog subsequently hit on a spot in the Dodge 's driver 's seat , though no drugs were found . "  Hidalgo County K-9 officer did inform me that he had dealt with Mr. Eckert on a previous case and stated that Mr. Eckert was known to insert drugs into his anal cavity and had been caught in Hidalgo County with drugs in his anal cavity , " the affidavit said . While CNN could not corroborate that claim , a search of Eckert 's criminal history indicated he has been arrested several times on drug possession charges , though many of those charges were dismissed . Outrage over highway body cavity search Eckert was then put in "  investigative detention " and transported around 2 p.m. to the Deming Police Department . Sometime after that , a judge signed a search warrant "  to include but not limited to his anal cavity . " His next stop was Gila Regional Medical Center , where the lawsuit states "  no drugs were found " in "  an X-ray and two digital searches of his rectum by two different doctors . " One doctor at this time found nothing unusual in his stool . Three enemas were conducted on Eckert after 10:20 p.m. . A chest X-ray followed , succeeded by a colonoscopy around 1:25 a.m. Again , in all these tests , authorities found "  no drugs " on Eckert , according to his lawsuit . "  Authorities  acted completely outside the bounds of human decency by orchestrating wholly superfluous physical body cavity searches performed by an unethical medical professional , " the plaintiff asserted . Because Eckert "  merely looked nervous during a traffic stop , " the lawsuit claims that authorities ended up violating his constitutional right against unreasonable searches and seizures on a number of grounds . One was that "  the language in the warrant was overly broad and , therefore , invalid , " said the plaintiff , asserting that the chest X-ray and colonoscopy , for instance , were n't related or confined to the "  anal cavity . " Moreover , many of the tests took place outside the 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. timeframe for which any such search warrant  unless otherwise authorized  is legally valid under New Mexico law , according to the lawsuit . Eckert agreed to the $ 1.6 million settlement on December 20 , according to his attorney , but it became public only in recent days . The New Mexico man said , in his latest statement , that he wants to maintain his privacy and -- to whatever extent he can -- not have his "  face ... be linked with jokes related to anal probing . " At the same time , Eckert said that he was heartened by those who relayed their sympathy and their own horror stories involving police on online articles about his lawsuit . "  I felt very helpless and alone that night , " he wrote . "  The comments I have read on news stories from people have made me feel much better and not so alone . "	David Eckert sued , saying police subjected him to "  digital penetrations , " enemas These actions and a colonoscopy occurred over 12 hours in early 2013 in New Mexico Authorities never found drugs ; his lawsuit says the warrant used for search was invalid Eckert says the settlement gives him "  some justice " and "  shows they were wrong "
CNN  -- Dear reader : Actually , that 's the subject of today 's column . That salutation . Because there is a real question that has quietly been building -- perhaps not the most important question in this tense old world of ours , but a question nonetheless : Is "  Dear " an endangered species ? It would appear to be . You may have noticed that fewer and fewer people begin their letters and notes with "  Dear . " Some holdouts -- I 'm among them -- do , but this may be mostly out of lifetime habit . Even people who grew up using the traditional salutation -- middle-of-the-road , go-by-the-book people -- now regularly begin their notes with "  Hi . " This is mostly a function of the digital-communications age . "  Dear , " which always looked fine atop a business letter , or a handwritten note , is increasingly seen as archaic and old-fashioned on a computer screen or on a smartphone or mobile device . The pending disappearance of "  Dear " is a sea change in the way we write to each other -- yet when you think about it , there are few logical reasons arguing for a longer life for that particular word . We 've always used it , just because we 've always used it . But step back for a second and think about it -- about addressing business associates , or people you 've never met , as "  Dear . " It has worked commendably in letters , but imagine using it with those same people in face-to-face situations . Picture yourself walking up to someone in an airport or at a business meeting and automatically calling him or her "  dear . " You might be greeted with a withering glare , if not a punch in the nose . And imagine what would happen if you went around your office every day , in person , calling people "  dear . " You 'd be taking a quick trip to Human Resources . The reason "  Dear " may be destined to die is that it faces a dilemma much like an army confronted with a pincers movement in war : On the one flank , written-on-paper , mailed letters -- the kind that have always been started with "  Dear " -- are rapidly disappearing , as use of the U.S. mail itself dwindles . On the other flank , many people who use e-mail decided a long time ago to go with nothing at all , or with "  Hi "  followed by the recipient 's name  , as a reflection of the new informality and ease of note-writing . With text messages , the idea of a salutation does n't even come up . And of course , there is the ever-popular "  Hey " salutation , used by those who think that "  Hi " is much too stodgy . Not wanting to trust my own judgment on this vital matter , I put together an ad hoc advisory panel of five etiquette teachers and coaches from around the country  yes , even in our hail-to-sloppiness era , such people exist  . They pondered the "  Dear " question . Watch : British etiquette for London Games "  Even with the new normal of being informal , the proper way to start an e-mail is with ` Dear , ' " said Cynthia Lett , director of the Lett Group , a protocol training company in Silver Spring , Maryland . The time to switch to "  Hey , " she said , is "  when we get to the point of dropping by each other 's houses without an invitation and opening the refrigerator to see what is available for a snack . " Patricia Rossi , an etiquette coach based in the Tampa Bay area of Florida , said , "  I really think it is best to open an e-mail with ` Dear Mr. Moore , ' as it 's important to start out with a more respectful and formal salutation . Mr. Moore will respond in a manner that he wishes to set the tone with . " Barbara Pachter , an etiquette expert in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , said , "  E-mail does n't technically require a salutation , since it is in memo format . And when e-mail first appeared , many people did not use a salutation . Eventually people started adding a salutation to appear friendlier and help the tone of their writings . " Jacqueline Whitmore , who advises on etiquette from her base in Palm Beach , Florida , said , "  In my professional opinion you can never go wrong when you 're too formal , but you can often be dead wrong if you 're too casual . " And Paul Siddle , whose etiquette-and-protocol operation is based in Richmond , Virginia , responded to my question about "  Dear " possibly being anachronistic by saying : "  Anachronistic ? Well , we are certainly becoming a more relaxed society , but there will always be a right way and a wrong way to do things . And using appropriate salutations , and closings , in written communications is the right way to do it . " Most e-mailers and text-messagers do not consult etiquette coaches , though , and with the demise of words-on-paper letters , the future of "  Dear " appears dire . There are , it should be noted , some ethereal and symbolic forces working against "  Hi " in other parts of society : When Katie Couric took over the "  CBS Evening News " in 2006 , she at first began each broadcast with "  Hi , everyone , " to send a signal of friendliness and non-pontification . The "  Hi " soon enough went away ; evidently the word was too breezy for viewers across the United States who had long watched the evening news on the networks , and were accustomed to "  Good evening . " But an e-mail is not the evening news , and perhaps it is time to begin saying our inevitable fond farewell to "  Dear , " and to say that farewell before the salutation has already become dearly departed . Thank you for reading . With my most sincere good wishes until we meet anon . Why should the press be polite to presidents ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Does the salutation "  Dear " have a place in modern correspondence ? In digital communication , especially texting , it 's formal , archaic , too intimate , he says But etiquette experts say it still important to correspondence , it 's impolite to be too casual Greene : That may be true , but reality is fewer people use it ; it 's likely on its way out
A debate of more than five years could stretch even longer with Wednesday 's call for a health study on the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada . Two Democratic senators -- Barbara Boxer of California and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island -- urged Secretary of State John Kerry to examine higher rates of cancer and other illness reported in places impacted by the "  tar sands " oil from northern Alberta . Their letter to Kerry sought to further delay the project that has support from Republicans , some Democrats , the oil industry and labor unions . A Pew Research Center poll in September showed 65 % of respondents favored building it . So why is this still being debated ? Answers show how the pipeline has become a political albatross around the neck of President Barack Obama and Democrats as they try to hold onto control of the Senate in November 's congressional elections . What 's this all about ? A Canadian company wants to complete a pipeline from northern Alberta to the Gulf Coast that would carry the tar sands oil across six U.S. states . The $ 5.3-billion project by TransCanada needs federal approval because the pipeline crosses an international border . For now , the decision rests with the State Department headed by Kerry . U.S. report on Keystone indicates little climate impact Environmental groups oppose the pipeline because extracting and refining the tar sands oil emits 17 % more of the carbon pollution that contributes to climate change than conventional oil production . Detractors fear the project would increase U.S. reliance on the dirtier oil at a time when the nation -- one of the world 's biggest carbon emitters -- should be moving away from fossil fuel dependence to limit climate change . "  At the end of the day , Keystone XL is not just another oil pipeline ; it 's a gateway to the unchecked development of one of the world 's dirtiest fossil fuels , " wrote Tom Steyer of NextGen Climate Action in a CNN opinion piece on February 20 . Supporters say the years of study since TransCanada first sought U.S. permission in 2008 show the pipeline itself would n't significantly increase greenhouse gas emissions . They note the project will create more than 3,000 temporary U.S. jobs , as well as a likely greater number of indirect jobs . Once it is built , the pipeline would need less than 50 permanent U.S. jobs to operate it . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , a Republican of Kentucky , called the pipeline "  the single largest shovel-ready project in America " and an "  important project that wo n't cost taxpayers a dime to build but will bring thousands of private-sector jobs to Americans who desperately need them . " Where does the Keystone oil come from ? The pipeline starts in western Canada where tar-like black oil called bitumen saturates the sand around the Athabasca River and other areas . In the 1920s , scientists discovered how to mix what was called tar sand with hot water and caustic soda to separate the components so they could extract the bitumen . Now , major international oil companies have invested tens of billions of dollars to construct huge extraction and refining complexes around Fort McMurray , just over 200 miles northeast of Edmonton . Where does the pipeline go ? The Keystone XL pipeline would begin in Hardisty , Alberta , and extend for 1,179 miles through Saskatchewan , Montana , South Dakota and Nebraska to connect with existing segments in Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . Once completed , it would carry 830,000 barrels a day that could travel to Houston and Port Arthur on the Gulf Coast . Who wants it ? The September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda terror attacks prompted a U.S. push to reduce its dependence on Middle East oil . Interest rose in getting it from Canada , a neighboring ally , and rising prices made the high cost of tar sands oil production more feasible . Time to get serious on energy : Clean or dirty ? Oil companies invested billions in tar sands complexes to extract and refine the Canadian bitumen , and now want to cash in with increased production to meet both the U.S. and export demand . Republicans who traditionally support the oil industry and big business want the pipeline to keep the profits flowing and bolster the economy , while labor unions that historically align with Democrats also back the project because of the jobs it will create . In addition , four Democratic senators facing tough re-election battles this year -- Mary Landrieu in Louisiana , Mark Begich in Alaska , Mark Pryor in Arkansas and Kay Hagan of North Carolina -- back the pipeline . "  This single project will inject billions of dollars into Louisiana and national economies and reduce our dependence on oil from hostile countries , " said Landrieu , whose state has major oil production facilities . Who opposes it ? The environmental lobby , with backing from wealthy liberal donors , has mounted a growing campaign of protests and other opposition to the pipeline . Steyer , a billionaire former hedge fund manager , says he will spend up to $ 100 million in the 2014 election cycle to promote the fight against the climate change . "  America can not lead the fight on climate change abroad while allowing even more pollution to be produced in our own backyard , " he wrote . "  To truly be a global leader on climate change , President Obama must first make the right choices here at home . He must deny the Keystone XL pipeline . " 5 reasons why climate change is back in the news Boxer and Whitehouse opened a new front Wednesday with their call for the State Department to include a full health review in assessing the pipeline project . "  Elevated levels of carcinogens and mercury have been documented downstream from tar sands extraction sites , and communities in these areas show elevated levels of rare cancer rates , " they said in their letter to Kerry . "  Tar sands oil is very difficult to clean up when a spill occurs , and a 2010 tar sands pipeline spill into the Kalamazoo River still has not been resolved . " They also cited "  significantly higher levels of dangerous air pollutants and carcinogens " downwind from tar sand refineries , with people living those areas "  suffering higher rates of the types of cancers linked to these toxic chemicals , including leukemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . " Where does Obama stand ? In both of his inaugural addresses and his most recent State of the Union speech , Obama cited climate change as an issue of administration focus . He has mandated improved auto and truck fuel efficiency standards and toughened pollution regulations for new power plants , but the Keystone issue has become the most visible symbol of the climate change debate . In a speech last year on climate change , Obama said the pipeline must be basically carbon-neutral , meaning that approving it would have no more impact on climate change that not approving it . Obama , Harper differences over Keystone pipeline on display at summit A recent State Department environmental report concluded that building the pipeline would have little impact on overall carbon emissions from tar sands oil . Approval or denial of any single project was unlikely to affect how much oil gets extracted from the tar sands , explained Assistant Secretary of State Kerri-Ann Jones . Election-year politics also come into play . Obama would risk a voter backlash against Democratic candidates in November if he rejects the pipeline , which could cost the party its vital control of the Senate . The split over the issue between pillars of the Democratic liberal base -- with the environmental lobby opposing the pipeline and organized labor supporting it -- further confuses the President 's approach . What happens next ? More delay , most likely . Release of the State Department environmental report on January 31 launched a 90-day period for public comment and consultation . Kerry , who is known for his effort to combat climate change , will then determine if the pipeline project is in the national interest , thought the final call clearly rests with Obama . On Wednesday , the State Department inspector general cleared one potential hurdle from a final decision by concluding there was no conflict of interest involving a group with ties to TransCanada that took part in the environmental impact study . Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said the inspector general 's conclusion ended questions about the process , adding : "  Let 's stop the excuses and get America back to work . " However , the call for a health review by Boxer and Whitehouse offers potential cover for putting off a decision . So does a Nebraska state court ruling last week threw out the governor 's approval of the pipeline route through the state . With an appeal likely to take months , the court process gives the Obama administration a plausible reason for waiting until after the November vote . It would n't be the first that the process got delayed until after an upcoming election . In 2011 , the Obama administration postponed a decision on the pipeline due to concerns raised by Nebraska officials and environmental groups about the original route near the Ogallala Aquifer , a major source of drinking water that is important for the state 's agricultural economy . Republicans accused Obama of putting off the issue until after the 2012 presidential election , but their efforts to force an earlier decision failed to work . Meanwhile , TransCanada rerouted the pipeline in the state .	Inspector general finds no conflict of interest in environmental assessment Nebraska court ruling , call for health review could put off pipeline decision The issue involves tough politics for President Obama and Democrats Environmentalists : pipeline a gateway to more climate change pollution
London  CNN  -- A 23-year-old English Premier League soccer player remained in intensive care Monday after suffering cardiac arrest during a game in London , his club Bolton said . Saturday 's match between top-flight teams Bolton and Tottenham was called off after Fabrice Muamba , a Bolton midfielder , collapsed on the pitch before halftime . Medics came onto the field to try to revive him while fans and players looked on in shock . Muamba was taken to the Heart Attack Center at The London Chest Hospital , where he has been kept since . "  Fabrice Muamba 's heart condition is stable , but he remains critically ill in intensive care , " read Monday 's joint statement from Bolton and the hospital . Bolton manager Owen Coyle said Muamba 's family appreciated the large amount of messages of support they had received . "  The message is the good will , the prayers from everybody , they are so thankful and they want to put that on record -- to say ` keep up the prayers , thanks for all the support , ' " Coyle told reporters outside the hospital after visiting the player Monday . "  They have been inundated as we all have , both in the football community globally and family and friends . People are taking a genuine interest and a real concern with how Fabrice is doing . " "  It 's a difficult situation but the family are bearing up as well as they can . They themselves are very positive people , " Coyle said . "  You look at what Fabrice has been through in life already and you can tell that he is a fighter . He has such a fantastic smile and that 's what we all want to see again . " Magunda also thanked fans via her account on micro-blogging website Twitter . "  2 everyone out there thank u so much for all the love and support collectively as a family we appreciate it all . Plz continue 2 pray 4 fab x , " she wrote on Monday . "  Fabrice WILL !! Pull through because God is good . Love u so much @fmuamba keep strong we 're praying for u honey xx " Bolton said Sunday that Muamba received "  prolonged resuscitation " on the ground and en route to the hospital , where his heart eventually started working . "  As is normal medical practice , Fabrice remains anesthetized in intensive care and will be for at least 24 hours , " the club said . "  His condition continues to be closely monitored by the cardiac specialists at the hospital . " Players pray for Muamba 's recovery Muamba , who is from the Democratic Republic of Congo and has represented England at under-21 level , fell to the ground in the 41st minute with no other players near him . Referee Howard Webb consulted both teams before calling off the match at Tottenham 's home ground in London , which was a quarterfinal tie in England 's prestigious knockout competition , the FA Cup . A member of CNN World Sport 's London staff was at the match at White Hart Lane and described the situation . "  We were situated on the halfway line . ... Fabrice Muamba just hit the deck out of nowhere , " assistant producer Zayn Nabbi said by phone . "  We realized quite quickly that this was serious because the medical staff all rushed on and they were waved onto the field by the Tottenham players . From what we saw they were trying to resuscitate Fabrice Muamba . " Bolton Wanderers announced Sunday that its match with Aston Villa , scheduled for Tuesday evening , was postponed after talks with the club and the Premier League . Bolton thanked them both for their support and understanding . Muamba 's peers have been quick to show their support on micro-blogging website Twitter . "  For all those asking , I know as much as you do , " wrote clubmate Stuart Holden , a U.S. international . "  Waiting anxiously for updates from teammates . Fab is a fighter ! prayforMuamba . " Tottenham 's Rafael van der Vaart wrote : "  Terrible what happened with Muamba during the game . We 're all praying for him . " The last player to die after collapsing in a match in Britain was Motherwell 's Phil O'Donnell , who suffered heart failure during a 2007 game against Scottish rivals Dundee United and passed away on the way to hospital . The most high-profile such tragedy was when Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe collapsed during a Confederations Cup semifinal against Colombia in 2003 and died in hospital . There have been two similar incidents more recently in Spain , involving Sevilla 's Antonio Puerta in 2007 and Espanyol 's Daniel Jarque in 2009 . Muamba grew up in Kinshasa , the capital of what was then known as Zaire . After moving to the UK in 1999 he began his football career with Premier League club Arsenal in 2005 but did not make a first-team appearance in the top division and was loaned out to Birmingham . He signed a permanent deal with the Midlands club in 2007 before moving to Bolton a year later for a fee of  # 5 million  $ 8 million  . English Football Association chairman David Bernstein paid tribute to Muamba , who played for his country at most age-group levels . "  Fabrice has played 33 times for England Under-21s , captaining Stuart Pearce 's side during this time , and is a player -- and more importantly -- a person we care greatly for , " Bernstein said . Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore praised those at the game for the way they reacted to the situation . "  We would like to praise the players , match officials , coaching staff and medical teams of both clubs at White Hart Lane for their swift actions in attending Fabrice , " Scudamore said in a statement . "  The League would also like to commend the compassion shown by the fans of Bolton Wanderers and Tottenham Hotspur . " Those sentiments were echoed by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy , who in a club statement , thanked both sets of fans for their support and behavior . Levy said : "  Too often we read the negatives about football and yet last night , at a time of intense emergency and uncertainty , we saw the true humanity and empathy of the footballing family . "	Fabrice Muamba still in critical condition in intensive care at London heart hospital Bolton says Fabrice Muamba will be anesthetized in intensive care for 24 hours Bolton 's Tuesday match with Aston Villa is postponed Referee calls off quarterfinal match after consulting Bolton and Tottenham players
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Alan Mulally has vaulted to the top of the list of potential contenders to replace outgoing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , but the Ford CEO demurred when asked about the speculation Monday . "  I 'm very , very happy serving at Ford . We have no plans that are different than that . And also we do n't comment on speculation , " said Mulally , who was in the city to launch Ford 's new LPG-powered Transit Connect to compete in the Hong Kong taxi market . Since Ballmer announced in August his plans to retire , Mulally 's name has risen to the top of a list that also includes former Nokia chief Stephen Elop . Microsoft announced a deal last month to purchase Nokia 's mobile phone business . Mulally was poached from Boeing Inc. in Seattle in 2006 to lead America 's second largest car company . He is widely credited with leading a turnaround of the company , which avoided bankruptcy and bailout in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis . Ford 's Mulally tops Microsoft wish list -- report Mulally , 68 , is expected to remain as Ford CEO until the end of 2014 , the company announced last year . Ford 's Hong Kong taxi launch is part of the company 's China strategy , a market which the company has seen climb 51 % in sales in the first three quarters of this year . 8 reasons Mulally is better for Motown than Microsoft "  China is a tremendous growth region , " Mulally told CNN 's Patricia Wu . "  It 's already nearly 20 million units  in total sales  this year -- that 's compared to like 16 million in the United States and 13.5 in Europe . " Ford sold nearly 650,000 units in China from January through September , catching up with Japanese competitors Toyota and Honda . The company still lags behind General Motors and Volkswagen , which had sales of 2.85 million and 2.35 million , respectively , in the first three quarters of this year .	Alan Mulally : Would n't comment on reports he is a top contender as Microsoft CEO Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced in August he would soon retire Mulally , a former top Boeing executive , is credited with turning around Ford
CNN  -- Javier-Angel Balboa scored a dramatic late goal for Equatorial Guinea on Saturday as they beat Libya 1-0 in the opening match of the Africa Cup of Nations . The former Real Madrid striker struck three minutes from the end , latching onto to Daniel Ekedo 's pass before firing past Libya 's goalkeeper Samir Aboud . The co-hosts  with neighboring Gabon  had the ball in the back of the Libyan net in the first half , but Ivan Bolado 's 16th minute effort was adjudged offside by the referee . Libya had chances to equalize , perhaps the best falling to Jamal Mohamed whose shot was parried away by Danilo . Aboud produced a fine save from a Lawrence Doe free kick midway through the second half before Balboa scored late on to grab all three points . The win also earned the team a $ 1 million bonus , which was promised by the son of long-standing president Teodoro Obiang Nguema shortly before the tournament got underway . Defeat for Libya capped a miserable opening day after a Moammar Gadhafi-era green flag appeared on the tournament 's official website . Libyan officials complained requesting that it be replaced with the new black , red and green national flag representing the ruling National Transitional Council . In Saturday 's other Group A match Zambia beat Senegal 2-1 . Emmanuel Mayuka and Rainford Kalaba put Zambia 2-0 up within 20 minutes -- a lead they maintained until the 74th minute when Dame N'Doye pulled one back . Despite concerted pressure Senegal failed to come up with an equalizer leaving Zambia to celebrate a famous win as the final whistle blew . Their next match is against Libya , while Equatorial Guinea take on Senegal . Both matches will be played on January 25 .	Equatorial Guinea beat Libya 1-0 in opening match of 2012 Africa Cup of Nations Javier-Angel Balboa scores in 87th minute to earn team $ 1 million bonus Zambia defeat Senegal 2-1 to top Group A after opening round of matches
CNN  -- They have barely met , lead lives a world apart and did not speak for two years . But Emma Lundell has made Mikaela Shiffrin cry , and Shiffrin has given Lundell hope . Lundell is a 13-year-old Swedish girl . Shiffrin is an Olympic champion ski racer , one of the finest the United States has ever produced . The story begins in  ... re , Sweden , in December 2012 . A night slalom , under the lights , five days before Christmas . Shiffrin , then 17 years old , raced to her first-ever World Cup victory that night . In the whirlwind of celebrations , interviews and emotion that followed , she would have every reason to forget the details . Lundell was also having the night of her life in  ... re . Profoundly sick with leukemia , the 11-year-old had been brought to the race by a charity looking to give her a break from chemotherapy . At the end of the night , Lundell had the chance to attend Shiffrin 's post-race press conference . "  I remember it really well , " says Shiffrin , two years on . "  My first World Cup win was such a special time for me . I remember doing the press conference , doing the award ceremony , and then immediately meeting Emma . "  I remember seeing her in her cute little hat . She was so small . Every little detail of that meeting is so clear . " A seriously ill , young skiing fan thrust into the heart of the action , Lundell gingerly waited until most people had left before summoning the courage to ask Shiffrin for a picture . "  Her mother offered to take the photo so my whole family could be in the picture . I told Mikaela that I had cancer , and she was interested and understanding . She was so humble , " says Lundell . Shiffrin 's mother , Eileen , had just seen Mikaela become the second-youngest American woman ever to win a World Cup . Her teenage daughter was now a bona fide skiing sensation . "  There was so much commotion going on , " says Eileen . "  But this was one of those things that just stops you in your tracks . This poor mom , she had tears in her eyes . And when she told me that Emma was going to be undergoing treatment for cancer , I just-about died . "  We were walking away when Mikaela said , ` Oh , I should give my winners ' bouquet to Emma . ' So she ran back to find her and that was when the mom just broke down and started crying . I ca n't even imagine being in that boat . " "  My heart melted and I could n't stop the tears , " Emma 's mother , Annika , says now . "  I looked at Mikaela and I looked at her mother , and I was just happy . So happy . And proud . " ` Thinking the worst ' On January 24 , 2011 , Annika had received unthinkable news : both her husband and her daughter had cancer . The diagnoses came on the same morning . Emma had leukemia and her father , Mikael , had a brain tumor that was growing again . He had been fighting it since 2003 . "  It was horrible . The two people you love most in the world , " says Annika , 40 . Mikael 's tumor is now inoperable . The 41-year-old , a former Alpine skier , had been the initial inspiration for daughter Emma 's love of the sport . When she met Shiffrin , she came away with a new hero . "  It meant the world to me , " says Emma , speaking perfect English . "  It meant so much . It was so generous of her , and she was so good-hearted . It was a short meeting but it will stay in my mind and my heart forever . " "  Meeting Emma really resonated with me , " says Shiffrin . "  But as time went by , both my mom and I were honestly thinking -- you know -- what 's the worst that can happen , essentially . Maybe she 's not around any more . "  Which is obviously pretty morbid . You 're thinking of the worst . " Almost two years later , Shiffrin has become an Olympic champion and one of the most recognizable faces in skiing . In October 2014 , Shiffrin is nearing the end of a punishing interview schedule -- fighting back jet-lag in the Austrian Alps -- when a journalist from Expressen , a Swedish newspaper , asks her to watch a video on his laptop . There is Emma . Healthy , happy Emma , with a video message for her idol  it had been the newspaper 's idea  . Shiffrin gasps as the teenager begins to talk . "  You gave me the energy to carry on , " Emma tells her in the message , "  to keep fighting to beat the cancer . "  Today , I 'm not on chemotherapy any more . I 'm much better . I got my hair back and I 'm feeling stronger , day by day . " Eye-opening experience Shiffrin is wiping away tears as the video finishes . Eileen Shiffrin , who was in the room when Mikaela saw the message , could not believe the transformation in the girl they had met two years earlier . "  She looked amazing , " says Eileen . "  She looked so different . She had no hair when we saw her . She was definitely smaller and younger , paler and thinner -- much thinner . "  So to see her looking so filled-out and rosy-cheeked , with gorgeous , long blonde hair ... I mean , she was beautiful . And well-spoken , unbelievable . " A month after seeing that message , Mikaela Shiffrin tells CNN : "  That video brought so many emotions to the surface that I did n't even know I was feeling up until that point . "  One of my very best friends , growing up , was diagnosed with cancer when we were both 14 . "  It was two years of harsh treatments , complications from the treatments , and then the past couple years he 's been healthy -- but you would never wish that on anybody , especially not as young as Emma or my friend . "  That young , there 's a certain innocence that is immediately taken away when you 're diagnosed with something like cancer . That innocence is supposed to be there a little while longer . " Shiffrin acknowledges she has an important role to play in how she , as a prominent athlete , addresses cancer and supports victims . It is not something she had considered , growing up with only ski racing on her mind . Yet since that first World Cup win in 2012 , she has met and reached out to a number of other children with cancer . "  I wanted to race the World Cup , I loved ski racing and I wanted to be the best in the world . And that was it , " she says . "  I did n't even think about the media , and TV , and interviews . That you have to have that side of the sport , in order for it to be a sport . "  In order for me to actually see World Cup racing when I was five , my favorite athletes had to go through the whole media round that I 'm doing now . "  Especially in the past couple years , I 've gotten more used to this side of things -- having fans , having young kids out there who think I 'm their idol . "  Sometimes it feels like an obligation , more like a burden , and then I get these eye-opening experiences like meeting Emma -- then more than two years later , getting that message . I 'm very lucky . "  It seems like every year or two , something happens to me that brings me back down to earth , and I should n't be the girl that does n't have time for this . " Emma Lundell 's battle goes on : the chemotherapy is over but she will not get the all-clear for four more years . Doctors say her father will never be healthy again . "  The chemo was hard and I have lost friends I left in hospital , " says the 13-year-old . "  I have seen friends die . "  Today , I feel much better . I 'm getting stronger . I 'm happy to have my hair back , and I 'm training my fitness to return to normal life and the ski tracks again . "  Mikaela means so much to me . She cared about me , a little girl from a small town in Sweden , and my fight . " Her mother , Annika , says : "  For us , a superstar saw our little daughter and even remembered her , two years later . It 's incredible . "	Olympic ski champion Mikaela Shiffrin forms bond with Swedish girl Emma Lundell was 11 and suffering from leukemia when she met Shiffrin Lundell , now 13 , is recovering well and hails Shiffrin as her inspiration Shiffrin says Lundell reminds her of the impact she and her sport can have
CNN  -- It looks like a throwback to the Apollo era , but NASA 's new spaceship is roomier and designed to go far beyond the moon -- to an asteroid and eventually Mars . Orion is scheduled to lift off on its first test flight at 7:05 a.m. ET Thursday from Space Launch Complex 37 at Cape Canaveral , Florida . The launch window will be open for two hours and 39 minutes . Orion will climb to an altitude of 3,600 miles  15 times higher than the International Space Station  and orbit Earth twice during the four and a half hour test run , NASA says . The spaceship will splash down in the Pacific Ocean about 600 miles off the coast of Baja California . Two U.S. Navy ships , the USS Anchorage and the USNS Salvor , will help NASA recover the capsule . This first flight wo n't carry any astronauts , but it will move NASA closer to getting back in the crewed spaceflight business . The U.S. has had to pay Russia 's space agency to launch astronauts to the space station since the space shuttle program ended in 2011 . Orion 's crew module is designed to carry four people on a 21-day mission . But it could support six astronauts for shorter missions . By comparison , the Apollo capsules held three astronauts and were out in space for about six to 12 days . Orion will be launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy rocket , the largest rocket available . NASA is building its own launch system for Orion . Though Orion 's first flight wo n't have people on it , it wo n't go up empty . It will carry up the names of more than million people packed on a dime-sized microchip . "  Sesame Street " is sending up some mementos to inspire students about spaceflight including Cookie Monster 's cookie and Ernie 's rubber ducky . Also going up -- an oxygen hose from an Apollo 11 lunar spacesuit and a small sample of lunar soil . A Tyrannosaurus Rex fossil from the Denver Science Museum will be on board and lockers filled with flags , coins , patches , poetry and music .	NASA 's new spaceship Orion will be sent on atest flight Thursday Orion will orbit Earth twice , and the spaceship will splash down in the Pacific To inspire students about spaceflight , "  Sesame Street " is sending up some mementos
Limassol , Cyprus  CNN  -- Cyprus is known for its sunshine , its ancient ruins and its delicious halloumi cheese , but one thing that is less well known is that it is also home to the oldest named wine in the world . Commandaria is a dessert wine with a flavor as rich as its history . It is originally believed to have been given its name by crusading knights in the 13th century , but to have first been made up to 5,000 years ago . It is produced in the fertile high-altitude slopes in the south-west of the island that became known as "  La Grande Commanderie " during the Crusades . Around this time , the Knights of the Order of Saint John renamed the local wine after their new protectorate . Throughout the following centuries , stories of the wine abound . According to legend , King Richard the Lionheart of England was so taken with commandaria that at his wedding he pronounced it "  the wine of kings and the king of wines . " Equally struck by the intoxicating liquor was the French King Philippe Augustus who is said to have declared it to be "  the Apostle of wines " . Over time production continued to grow . By 1879 the British explorer Sir Samuel White Baker recorded that Cyprus was annually exporting 155,000 "  okes "  a Turkish measurement that translates roughly to 230,000 liters  of commandaria to Austria alone . All the elements of Cyprus In the coastal town of Limassol , on the sunny southern coast of Cyprus , the most popular brand of commandaria -- KEO St. John -- is produced to a recipe that is now protected by a legally enforced appellation , the only one held by Cyprus . Dimitris Antoniou , senior oenologist at KEO , believes the wine they produce is very special . "  In it you have all the elements of Cyprus : you have honey , herbs , vanilla , spices , and dried fruits such as plums ... it is very complicated , " he says . One distinguishing feature of commandaria is that after the grapes are picked , they are left in the sun for ten days , which increases the density of their sugars . The grapes are then pressed , the wine is fortified  usually with a high percentage grape-based alcohol  and then it is aged for at least two years in oak barrels before being bottled . As the years roll by , the amber liquid intensifies in both viscosity and sweetness . Read more : The island of Aphrodite still has its struggles Dimitris , together with George Metochis , senior winemaker at KEO , oversee the vast operation where annually over 130,000 liters of wine are produced , largely for market within Cyprus , but also exported to Russia , Scandinavia , France , the United States and Australia . The cavernous KEO vaults currently house 400,000 liters of commandaria with a range of vintages ; the oldest batch dates back over a century . Ancient heritage , modern interpretation Archaeological digs , conducted over the past decade , have unearthed evidence that the history of wine in Cyprus stretches back not just hundreds , but thousands of years . Some believe that Cyprus may have been the site of the earliest wine harvests in Europe , stretching back 5,000 years . Alongside the mainstream labels producing commandaria , a new generation of winemakers is looking to this more distant history to try to get in touch with the country 's original viniculture . One such winemaker is Lefteris Mohianakis who has vineyards in the high hills near the village of Zoopigi . The two grapes he uses -- Mavro a red grape , and Xynisteri a white -- have long been used to produce the island 's famous sweet wine . But when Lefteris talks of Cypriot wine , he speaks of "  Nama " , the more ancient name for what the crusading knights of the 13th century came to call commandaria . Read more : Cyprus bets on a natural gas-filled future Lefteris Mohianakis is respectful of commandaria 's great history , but says that his "  Anama Concept " wine takes inspiration from the past while still very much looking towards towards the future . "  I 'm working on the base of tradition , but I 'm trying to involve oenology , which is a contemporary science , " he says . Throughout his career , Mohianakis has worked in wineries around the world , and in his view , Cyprus is unique in its ability to grow sweet wine . "  I truly believe that terroir  the geology and climate of a place  is one of the most important things towards producing a high quality wine , " he says . "  That is why nobody in the world can produce a Sauvignon Blanc like Marlborough in New Zealand , or a Cabernet Sauvignon like Bordeaux . That is the reason why I strongly believe that Cyprus is one of the rarest terroirs that can produce such high quality sweet wines . It is the sun and the soil . It is unique . " So does Mohianakis believe that his wine tastes the same as the nama that was being enjoyed in Cyprus 5,000 years ago ? "  I think that historians can tell stories and can give you an idea about the past , but senses can not be transmitted through history . So we can not understand how an ancient nama smelled or tasted , " Mohianakis says . "  My mentality is that we are walking on the base of tradition , on the base of the things transported from generation to generation -- the tales , the feelings -- but the best thing we can do is to give the vine the opportunity to choose for itself what kind of product it wants to create . Those vines have been there for 150 years ... I am just trying to give the vines the opportunity to express themselves through my wine . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Commandaria is recognised as the oldest named wine in the world The sweet wine has been grown in Cyprus for over 5,000 years in 1191 , King Richard the Lionheart called it ` the wine of kings and the King of wines '
CNN  -- It 's arguably the toughest job in sports . Hockey enforcers earn the undying devotion of fans -- but not much else -- for their ability to punch and get punched on skates . They usually bounce from team to team , barely managing to get a contract for a role few can perform well and no one else wants . "  I did it because it was my job but I hated it , " said Georges Laraque , one of the most successful hockey heavyweights in his 12-year NHL career . "  I hated to fight . I hated the pressure . I hated to be called a goon , and an animal . I hated promoting violence . " Laraque spoke to the Cybulski & Company radio program in Canada after the news Wednesday that another former enforcer , Wade Belak , was found dead in his Toronto apartment at age 35 . Authorities described the death as nonsuspicious . It was the third death of a current or former National Hockey League enforcer this summer , an almost unfathomable statistical anomaly . There are 30 NHL teams , and not all of them employ a so-called "  hired gun " these days , both to intimidate opposing players and keep them honest . Derek Boogaard was found dead at age 28 in his Minneapolis home in May , the result of a toxic combination of painkillers and alcohol ruled an accident . Boogaard , one of the most feared NHL fighters at 6-foot-7 and 265 pounds -- he was known as the Boogeyman , had n't played in months while trying to recover from concussions sustained in on-ice bouts . In August , 27-year-old Rick Rypien was found dead in his home in Crowsnest Pass , Alberta , Canada . No official cause has been announced , but Rypien had a history of depression and was on personal leave from the Vancouver Canucks for much of last season . He signed a contract with the Winnipeg Jets for the coming season . SI.com : Full coverage of the NHL Belak 's death this week stunned former teammates , who described him as a happy-go-lucky man always cracking jokes , even at his own expense . At 6-foot-5 and well over 200 pounds , Belak developed into a feared heavyweight over a 14-year career with five teams . He retired from the league last season and was trying to start a broadcasting career . He was chosen to participate in the coming season of "  Battle of the Blades , " a Canadian version of "  Dancing With the Stars " on skates . While few answers regarding Belak 's death have emerged so far , Laraque provided some insight in describing the life of the hockey enforcer . The worst part is not the fighting itself , he said , because the adrenaline kicks in and you do n't feel the blows . Instead , what weighs heaviest is the constant pressure of knowing you will have to fight another enforcer such as Boogaard or Belak , game after game , according to Laraque . "  It 's the night before , the day of the game , before it starts , " he said . "  It 's the shivers that it gives you , the worry in the head and the brain . It 's when you go to a movie and you ca n't watch it because you 're thinking the next game about having to fight Derek Boogaard or someone like that . Or you do n't feel well , but something happens and you have to go out there . ... It 's that pressure that 's nonstop that you live with . " For that reason , he said , enforcers past and present have "  demons " they live with , and often turn to alcohol to deal with them . In addition , enforcers do n't earn the multimillion-dollar salaries of top scorers , defensemen or goalies , Laraque noted . "  For as many years that they played , many of those guys did n't make much money , so there are not options for them afterwards , " Laraque said . "  You have to fight to live when life after hockey is over , and there 's nothing for you . " To Daniel Alfredsson , the longtime captain of the Ottawa Senators , "  it 's an adjustment from the high-profile life you live to go back to everyday  life  , I guess . " Such a spate of deaths among former enforcers , however , raises questions about whether such players are particularly vulnerable to the pressures of life -- either the physical grind of concussions and punches to the head , or the mental strain described by Laraque . When former NHL enforcer Bob Probert died suddenly last year at age 45 , researchers discovered he had Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy , a degenerative brain disease . Probert , a legendary tough guy who had a history of alcohol and drug abuse , died of heart failure while on a family boat outing . A joint NHL/NHL Player 's Association behavioral program exists to help players dealing with personal problems , including substance abuse and other issues . After Rypien 's death last month , described by Canadian police as a "  nonsuspicious sudden death , " NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said he expected the program to be reviewed . "  My guess is we 'll talk at the appropriate time with the players ' association , making sure that we 're comfortable with all of the mechanisms and programs we have in place , which are extensive , " Bettman told The Canadian Press then . "  I do n't think any sports league does more than we do , but maybe there 's more , as we focus on it , that we need to focus on . I know it 's always hard for people to accept , but sports is a microcosm of society in general . And life is n't always easy . " Especially for hockey enforcers . Despite his hatred for the brawling in his career , Laraque said he would always support allowing fighting in hockey . Hockey is the only team sport that allows two players to fight without getting ejected for the rest of the game , and Laraque said that element allows players to police themselves and prevent more violent stick fouls and other mayhem . "  Guys like me , if there 's no fighting , we wo n't be making a living , " he said . "  As tough and as hard as it is , I 'll always be defending that job . " Removing fighting from the game means denying opportunity for kids who dream of an NHL career , just as he did . To realize his dream , he became an enforcer , explaining : "  I did that because I knew that 's what I had to do . "	Wade Belak , who retired this year , is found dead at age 35 He is the third NHL player known for fighting to die in recent months The league has a program to help players with behavioral problems
CNN  -- On Wednesday , Gov. Nathan Deal signed Georgia 's Safe Carry Protection Act into law . Many gun proponents love House Bill 60 , but it will create unintended problems for law enforcement , local governments and the citizens they serve . Although changes in the state 's gun laws were meant to strike a balance between the rights of gun owners and the government 's interest in protecting its citizens , unintended consequences may follow that do n't make anybody safe . Picture this : It 's a pleasant summer day . The kids are out of school , and you 've decided to take them to the local park . You 're sitting on a park bench in the shade , watching them play , when you suddenly notice a man dressed in a heavy winter coat approaching the playground . As he scurries past you , you notice a handgun strapped around his waistband . Alarmed ? You should be . Who is this man , and why is he armed at your children 's playground ? Concerned enough to call the local police ? Not a bad idea , but here is the problem . Starting July 1 , law enforcement in Georgia will not be able do much for you . As a matter of fact , they could get sued if they detain the man you called about and ask him whether he has a valid weapons carry license . That 's because , under Georgia 's revised Safe Carry Protection Act , it is prohibited for police to detain someone for the purpose of checking for a license . So much for safe . But wait , it gets better . Worried about convicted felons toting guns ? Rest assured , convicted felons are still prohibited from possessing firearms in Georgia -- except in the act of self-defense . But , you might ask , do n't you have to possess a firearm first in order to be able to use it in self-defense ? Correct . So , what kind of sense does that make ? It does n't . It encourages gun ownership and use by convicted felons . Think about it . All they have to do now is claim "  self-defense . " Feeling safer already ? Finally , Georgia 's revised Safe Carry Protection Act may also cost you more money . Before this law , cities could simply prohibit firearms or any other weapons in government buildings by posting a sign ; now , they can do so only by screening entrances into the government building with security personnel . And guess who ends up paying for that ? That 's right , the taxpayer . And if the police officer is sued for asking to see a gun carry permit , who will pay for his or her defense ? It will be up to the municipality , using taxpayer funds . But not only does it cost us more , it also has a chilling effect on open government . Many citizens might feel discouraged from visiting their local government offices , knowing that they are now subject to being screened . While these revisions certainly favor the rights of gun owners , they create dilemmas for local law enforcement and government . As a police chief , my main concern is the safety our residents . As police , we have taken an oath to protect and serve , and this new law does n't help us .	Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed Safe Carry Protection Act Warren Summers says police ca n't ask suspicious person with gun to show permit Convicted felons ca n't have firearms , he says , unless they claim self-defense Summers : The law will cost taxpayers and make it hard for police to keep people safe
New York  CNN  -- The shooting death of a New York City shopkeeper Friday is raising the possibility of a three-time killer on the loose , police said . A .22 - caliber handgun is the link . "  The same gun was used in all three murders , " said Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . But police are stopping short of calling the multiple deaths the work of a serial killer . "  It 's too soon to tell , " Browne said . "  There are similar things in each case , but that determination has n't been made yet . " Ballistics tests on shell casings found at the crime scene indicate the .22 - caliber gun used in the slaying of Vahidipour Rahmatollah , 78 , at his clothing store in Brooklyn last week is the same weapon used since July in the killings of two other small business owners , also in Brooklyn . "  That does n't say it 's the same person who fired the gun , but that 's the working premise , that it 's the same shooter , " Browne told CNN . Rahmatollah was shot three times in the head and torso and killed inside his women 's clothing store called , She-She Boutique , according to police . Police said Sunday they wanted to talk with four "  unknown individuals " seen on videotapes from security cameras in the area of the store between the time Rahmatollah was last known to be alive and the time his body was found . "  Detectives want to question them about what they may have observed because of the time of day and their proximity to the homicide scene , " a police statement said . Forensic tests show the same weapon was used in the August 3 shooting death of Isaac Kadare , 59 , who was killed in his store , Amazing 99 Cent Deals . Police said he was shot in the head . On July 6 , Mohammed Gebeli , 65 , was gunned down in his clothing shop , Valentino Fashion Inc. . Besides being shot in the head , police said Gebeli was also stabbed in the neck . There are distinct similarities in the way the victims were positioned after their deaths . Law enforcement sources said each victim 's body was pulled away from the stores ' front windows and either covered by clothes or hidden by merchandise . "  It 's consistent with hiding anything from immediate view of the street , so that it 's not seen from someone passing by right away , " said one source . "  It may have been done to give the killer more time to make  his  getaway , " added another police source . Browne said all three victims have ties to the Middle East , but for now , investigators are n't drawing any conclusions . "  There 's nothing to suggest a bias , " Browne told CNN . However , a task force set up to help solve the first two slayings has now been expanded to add someone from the hate crimes task force , Browne added . "  Some of the victims had an Arabic or Persian background , one was Jewish , but there was no one religion or ethnicity , although that might not be obvious to the killer , " Browne said . Some money was taken in the first two killings , raising the possibility of violent robberies . However , investigators said it 's not yet clear in the most recent killing whether Rahmatollah 's store had any money missing . "  We 're still trying to determine that , " Browne said . The FBI 's website defines serial killers as "  three or more killings ... having common characteristics such as to suggest the reasonable possibility that the crimes were committed by the same actor or actors . " However , Paul Callan , a former deputy chief in the Brooklyn district attorney 's office who helped prosecute the "  Son of Sam " case in the '70s agrees with the NYPD 's hesitation to label the three shopkeepers ' deaths as serial killings at this stage . Enough is n't known , according to Callan , who is also a CNN legal analyst . "  Police will resist that characterization because they will be fearful that high publicity will alert the killer and impede the investigation , " Callan said .	Three Brooklyn shopkeepers have been shot and killed since July The most recent killing occurred Friday The same gun was used in all three slayings , a police official says
Those trying to draw conclusions from the information trickling from the investigation into the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 should go carefully . It is plausible that , as Malaysia 's Prime Minister asserted , the plane 's flying for hours after losing contact with air traffic control was "  consistent with deliberate action , " but it 's not the only logical explanation of the airplane 's bewildering trajectory . Statements that the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System was intentionally disabled , for example , leave out the fact that the ACARS is required to send the satellite contact requests  so-called "  handshakes "  that , according to news reports , were reported to have occurred for hours after the flight 's disappearance . The plane has multiple functions and channels connected to the ACARS and at least some of it must have still been working . For example , one part of this communications system is used for messages between the airplane and air traffic control  clearances , position reports , etc  . Another is used to communicate , essentially with text messages , between the airplane and the airline . Messages can also be sent automatically for maintenance functions such as reporting faults and sending routine engine data . The range of functions that would have been available for someone to disable is not yet clear . And at least one news report described altitude excursions between 45,000 feet and 23,000 , which one pilot suggested might have been done willfully to render passengers unconscious . But this strikes me as behavior that would also be consistent with the airplane flying completely unattended with the autopilot off . Though these oscillations are larger than I might expect , it would be a natural behavior for the airplane to fly relatively large but gentle pitch oscillations . This would be true especially if the airplane 's auto-throttles were also for some reason disabled . There have been statements made that such changes could only be made by a skilled aviator , but what "  skilled aviator " can not hold altitude within 20,000 feet ? Incapacitation or something else that could prevent the crew from controlling the plane -- fire , collision , explosive depressurization -- could also be indicated , which would n't necessarily mean the cockpit was breached by anyone . The airplane reportedly made "  suspicious turns . " However , it is the nature of those turns that will reveal if it was deliberate "  heading "  directional  changes or if nobody was flying the airplane at all . If the autopilot was off and the airplane was essentially flying on its own , I would expect a variety of heading changes . These changes could be initiated by turbulence during flight . If the airplane 's routes were controlled intentionally by selecting the heading or by programming the flight management computer , the flight path would be very straight , then a turn that would last usually from 10 to 30 seconds , followed by more straight flight . While a close-up analysis of the flight path would be required to determine the case , it seems that officials are not even sure if the flight path headed northwest toward Pakistan or southwest into the vast Indian Ocean . On the technical side , the Boeing 777-200ER is a fly-by-wire airplane -- that is , movement of the controls is converted into electrical signals that interact with flight-control computers and instruct the plane 's control surfaces on the wings and tail . Its characteristics may be able to explain much of the airplane 's behavior . With the autopilot off , the airplane will adjust the pitch  the up or down movement of the nose of the plane  to maintain a speed set by the pilot . It will pitch up if it 's going faster than the desired speed and pitch down if slower . This is called pitch trim . Anyone who has flown even a small aircraft will be familiar with this concept . Therefore , when disturbed , it will fly a series of pitch changes as it settles down on the trimmed airspeed . Pitch protections built into the system ensure that the airplane never goes too fast or too slow . Temporary input on the control wheel , or changes in the airplane 's weight as it burns off fuel , temperature and other normal atmospheric changes along the course can initiate the altitude changes as the airplane continues to seek its trimmed speed . Heading changes are also what I would expect to see in an autopilot-off situation . The 777 's fly-by-wire roll control law controls the tilt of the wings . The airplane would be subject to atmospheric disturbances that could act to tip a wing up every now and then , but built-in protections prevent the plane from exceeding bank angles in excess of 35  . While a conventional airplane would tend to spiral down in that situation , the 777 incorporates automatic pitch compensation , so the airplane could easily hold its altitude in these turns . The fly-by-wire control system on the 777 makes it a very stable airplane , capable of flying for hours with the autopilot off without crashing . If the flight path can be shown to be very straight lines with neat turns followed by another straight line , then I would throw out the "  autopilot-off " theory , but it seems as though officials ca n't even determine where the plane was heading , much less the nature and cause of some heading changes . The consistent theme in the mystery of this flight has been very little data , and the exact nature of that scant data is vague and changing . Whatever exact scenario can account for the possible incapacitation or deliberate actions of the crew , the loss of the transponder and other communications and the airplane 's mysterious flight path is likely to be a situation we have not seen before . I would urge that we not jump to conclusions based on inconclusive evidence . The evidence we have may be "  consistent with deliberate acts , " but it is also consistent with other explanations as well .	Bill Palmer : Deliberate acts are not the only possibility in disappearance of Malaysia flight He says it 's not clear what systems , such as ACARS , were turned off and when Palmer : Descent reported might be from 777 adjusting to no autopilot , not deliberate act Palmer : Much of 777 behavior could be from built-in systems reacting ; guessing inadequate
CNN  -- Journalism is not as black and white as most people would like to believe . We ought to be able to see all shades of grey between the fresh revelations of email hacking by a Sky News reporter , the News International phone hacking scandal and other examples of journalists breaking the law to obtain stories . The Guardian revealed last week that Sky News reporter Gerard Tubb illegally accessed emails from the personal account of John Darwin , also known as "  canoe man " , who , in 2007 , pleaded guilty to faking his own death . Darwin 's wife , Anne , was due to stand trial for deception in 2008 , but the reporter had collected a sufficient amount of emails , he believed , to crush her defense at trial . The hacking was authorized by Simon Cole , managing editor of Sky News , who stepped down from his position on the same day the Guardian story was published . Emails were given to Cleveland police , used in the successful prosecution and , according to Sky News , "  pivotal to the case " . Cole has since then tweeted he had been planning to retire for "  some time " and the decision was unrelated to the hacking revelations . Sky News claimed the interception of emails was "  justified and in the public interest " and "  subject to the proper editorial controls " . Those are the two key aspects that seem to separate this instance from two others : the phone hacking scandal and the outing of the Night Jack blogger by The Times . Richard Horton , a detective constable at Lancashire police , won the Orwell Prize in 2009 for his anonymous blog Night Jack , about life in the police force . His identity was then exposed against his wishes by reporter Patrick Foster , from The Times . The discovery of his identity was revealed in February this year to have been made via the hacking of his email account . Unlike the outing of Horton , the hacking carried out by Sky News seems to have been a carefully considered decision by a senior executive as to whether it was in the public interest to commit a prima facie breach of the Computer Misuse Act . It was most likely a calculated risk , taken with the understanding that the Act itself offers no public interest defense and that both Sky News and the reporter would be liable to criminal charges and subject to the discretion of the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute . In the Night Jack case , a reporter made the decision to intercept Horton 's emails without telling his editors and therefore without subjecting his decision to "  proper editorial controls " . If the Computer Misuse Act did offer such defense , the public interest in obtaining information via interception of emails would still have to be weighed by the courts . But Sky News , for instance , would have been able to explain to the public more confidently , from the outset , how the story came to light . I would say this is what we want from journalism -- transparency , responsibility and governance . This may seem a paradox , but that 's what we want from newspapers and journalists even when they break the law . And despite having indisputably broken the law , the process Sky News seems to have undergone to break this story is a far cry from the industrial-scale criminality carried out and admitted to by News International . What we have found out so far about phone hacking is that during a period of at least two years , hundreds of individuals had their details collected by a private investigator at the request of journalists . Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers , head of Operation Weeting - the police investigation into phone hacking - told the Leveson Inquiry into the culture , practices and ethics of the British press , that 581 "  likely " victims of phone hacking were contacted by police ; 231 were uncontactable and 17 were not contacted for operational reasons . Subsequent to having their details collected , those individuals had their voicemail messages intercepted , listened to and used for an array of stories no one has been able to prove as yet were in the public interest . In fact , the majority of cases we have seen so far , if not all , involved obtaining information to write and publish stories about people 's private lives with no good , justifiable reason . There is a fundamental difference between using a private investigator at any given time to turn around a story on tittle-tattle , or to fish for stories and monitor people 's lives , and to make a careful , considered decision to carry out a breach of the law in order to expose wrongdoing . No one here is advocating a free for all or trying to make it easier for journalists to act like criminals . But if journalists can speak openly about the sourcing of stories , then everybody wins . Accountability is increased , journalists feel more confident to be transparent about their actions and to pursue genuine stories , and sheer criminality can be more easily identified . In my view , the Computer Misuse Act , Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , Official Secrets Act  mainly for protection of sources  , should all provide a public interest defense for the protection of journalists and real journalism . The Reynolds defense for libel , which is always tested in court , should also be improved . Martin Moore , director of the Media Standards Trust , and Brian Cathcart , Professor of Journalism at Kingston University , decided to launch the Hacked Off campaign because it was becoming increasingly clear that phone hacking carried out by the News of The World was more widespread than News International and the Metropolitan Police cared to let us know . The campaign , supported by actors Hugh Grant and Steve Coogan , and several other victims of phone hacking and other abuses by the press , pushed and continues to push for criminality to be exposed , but we have always made absolutely clear that genuine , responsible journalism , carried out in the best interest of the public , should be protected . We will , however , continue to condemn fishing expeditions and industrial scale data-mining and hacking , which are clearly criminal and unjustifiable .	British journalist argues for public interest defense in some cases of hacking There is key difference between peddling gossip and exposing wrongdoing On rare occasions , journalists could be justified in monitoring emails , phones , she argues
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- When baseball slugger Mark McGwire admitted he had used steroids in his record-breaking 1998 season , he recalled refusing to talk about the subject in his 2005 testimony to Congress . "  After all this time , I want to come clean , " McGwire announced . "  I was not in a position to do that five years ago in my congressional testimony , but now I feel an obligation to discuss this and to answer questions about it . I 'll do that , and then I just want to help my team . " McGwire 's admission come as the House Judiciary Committee has been investigating the problem of brain injuries to football players , following heated discussions October 28 , when the committee aggressively questioned NFL officials to figure out why the league had done so little to curb this well-known problem . Any government inquiry of this kind draws the familiar charge that politicians should stay out of the business of sports -- even though the NFL and NCAA have in fact responded to congressional pressure by instituting rules to protect players from brain damage . Still , Texas Rep. Lamar Smith said , we "  should also avoid the temptation to legislate in this area . Football -- like soccer , rugby and even basketball and baseball -- involves contact that can produce injuries . We can not legislate the elimination of injuries from the games without eliminating the games themselves . " This is a familiar refrain . Back in 2005 , when several committees investigated the use of steroids in baseball , numerous sports officials warned this was not an issue with which Congress should concern itself . Yet insisting on a firewall between sports and politics ignores the long-standing relationship between these two parts of American society . At the state and local level , sports teams depend on government assistance . There have been a large number of public subsidies , ranging from appropriations for stadium construction to the placement of public transportation near stadiums to tax breaks which the sports industry has depended on for growth . At the federal level , sports owners have also benefited from government . In 1922 , the Supreme Court exempted baseball from the antitrust laws . As a result of this , baseball owners were allowed to maintain their monopoly , stifling efforts to launch other leagues and using the exemption to collude on limiting the salaries of players . Some legislators introduced bills trying to overturn the decision , but Congress never passed them . When the Senate held hearings about the exemption in 1958 , a number of famous players , including Mickey Mantle and Jackie Robinson , showed up to speak about how the "  reserve clause " undermined the rights of players . Congress refused to take any action . Free agency did not start until the 1980s . It was only in 1998 that Congress finally passed legislation declaring that some rules , such as restrictions on the movement of players from one team to another , were subject to antitrust laws . Football has a political history of its own . According to the sports historian Richard Davies , the National Football League started a team in New Orleans in 1966 , right after Rep. Hale Boggs and Sen. Russell Long of Louisiana helped push through legislation that exempted the NFL from antitrust laws so that there could be a merger with the successful American Football League . When New York Rep. Emanuel Celler insisted on long hearings to decide whether this was permissible , Sen. Long , desperate for a team , short-circuited the legislative process by having the Senate pass a bill by acclamation and attaching it to important anti-inflation tax legislation . The House , under pressure , agreed to the bill at the last minute . "  We could n't have merged if Congress had n't passed the law , " said NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle . "  And without a merger , we could n't have had a Super Bowl . If we 'd tried to do it on our own , the antitrust people would have challenged us sooner than later . " There is also a long history of congressional investigations into sports . In 1960 , the Senate conducted hearings about the influence of organized crime in professional boxing . Americans were shocked when former middleweight champion Jake LaMotta admitted that he had thrown a fight against Billy Fox in November 1947 . Members of the mafia threatened to kill LaMotta , but he testified anyway . During similar hearings in 1961 , the boxer Rocky Marciano told legislators that "  it seems absolutely essential that a federal czar be named to head the professional sport of boxing . " Many years later , in 2007 , Congress looked into the pension and disability plans of the NFL after complaints by injured players that they were being denied coverage . Congress has been willing to legislate . On October 9 , 1996 , President Clinton signed the Professional Boxing Safety Act into law , which defined minimum health and safety standards for the sport . The legislation aimed to strengthen the patchwork regulations used by states to monitor the sport . But investigations usually do n't produce legislation . In 2005 , Congress failed to pass the Clean Sports Act or the Drug Free Sports Act in response to revelations of drug use . Even so , investigations do help raise public awareness about problems and create public pressure on the industry to reform . "  When there is not any regulation , " said former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield , "  it can cause someone to lose their dream , their hopes ... " While some issues , such as the recent investigation into the college bowl system , are easy fodder for ridicule , others , such as brain damage to NFL players , show where the government has a legitimate role . After all , sports is big business , and the playing field is a workplace where regulations are needed . Unfortunately , the sports leagues themselves have not taken an aggressive approach to dealing with this problem . In the same way that baseball owners understood that steroids produced more crowd-pleasing home runs , football owners know that the kind of hard-hitting football that creates injuries often brings crowds to their feet . The government must help guide the industry toward better practices . There is a precedent for investigation . And sports has depended too much on government to now claim to be a free agent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : McGwire steroids case reminds why congressional inquiry can be useful He says sports officials balk at oversight yet take government assistance Zelizer : Football head injury issue is a worthy subject for government investigation
CNN  -- It 's been that type of year for Serena Williams . Williams collected her 18th grand slam singles title at the U.S. Open in September to match retired legends Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert but prior to that did n't get past the fourth round at the three other majors in 2014 . The world No. 1 recently retired due to illness in Wuhan , China and then was a walkover in Beijing with a knee injury -- and on Wednesday at the WTA Finals in Singapore she suffered the joint worst loss of her career . Simona Halep battered Williams 6-0 6-2 to leave the two-time defending champion in danger of being eliminated in the group stage . It matched the number of games won by Williams in 1998 -- when she was just 16 -- against South Africa 's Joannette Kruger in Oklahoma . Williams , two days after looking sharp in defeating Ana Ivanovic , made 36 unforced errors in the 14 games and the encounter lasted a mere one hour and five minutes . While Halep went 5-for-6 on break points , Williams went 0-for-6 . "  Embarrassed is the way I would describe how I played , " Williams told reporters . "  Definitely embarrassing . " "  My forehand was off today . It 's obviously gone on an early vacation . My serve was at best at the 10-and-under division of juniors . " Halep improved to 2-0 in the Red Group . The Romanian -- one of two debutants at the WTA Finals along with Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard -- entered the year-end championships in patchy form but she limited her own unforced errors and covered the court with aplomb . Halep had lost both her matches to Williams last year , with the latter inflicting two "  bagels " -- or 6-0 sets -- of her own . "  It was my best match of my life , " Halep told reporters . "  I played unbelievable shots . At an important time I played really well and after today my confidence will be more high . " Ivanovic eased past a listless Bouchard 6-1 6-3 later Wednesday . Both players hit 20 winners but Bouchard committed 31 unforced errors compared to the Serb 's 18 . Caroline Wozniacki and her pal Agnieszka Radwanska posted upset wins Tuesday over Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova , respectively .	Serena Williams loses 6-0 6-2 to Simona Halep at the year-end championships It 's Williams ' worst defeat since she lost 6-1 6-1 in Oklahoma in 1998 The result adds to the inconsistent season for the 18-time grand slam winner Halep leads the Red Group with a perfect 2-0 record while Williams falls to 1-1
EW  -- The study group is about to become felt and foam . NBC will air an episode of "  Community " this spring in which Jeff Winger  Joel McHale  and his friends are re-imagined as puppets , it was announced at a PaleyFest panel for the show on Tuesday night . PaleyFest 2013 : ` Community ' cast talks paintball , puppets and graduation In the installment , the gang embark on a balloon ride , crash in the woods and encounter an amiable mountain man  guest star Jason Alexander  . Dean Pelton  Jim Rash  winds up getting the gang to discuss their adventures in the wild and work through their issues through the use of hand puppets ; and in flashbacks , we see larger versions of the puppets . This is n't the first time that the comedy has transformed its cast into another form for the bulk of an episode : Jeff and co. were seen as stop-motion animation creations in season two  s "  Abed 's Uncontrollable Christmas , " and as 8-bit video game characters in season three  s "  Digital Estate Planning . "  Also , this briefly happened in the season 4 premiere . ` Community ' : James Brolin on playing Jeff Winger 's dad The puppets -- which were previewed at the panel -- are designed and operated by Scott Johnson and Drew Massey , who gave similar treatment to David Boreanaz in an episode of "  Angel . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Community " will air a puppet-themed episode this spring The puppet versions of the cast were previewed at PaleyFest on Tuesday This is n't the first time the cast has been in another form for the bulk of the episode
CNN  -- Liverpool have suffered their worst opening day defeat since 1937 , losing 3-0 to West Bromwich Albion on Saturday . Arsenal , in their first game since Robin Van Persie 's departure , could only manage a goalless draw at home to Sunderland . Elsewhere , the Premier League began in explosive style , as Swansea recorded a 5-0 win over QPR , Fulham also beat Norwich by a five goal margin , West Ham celebrated their return to England 's top division with a 1-0 victory over Aston Villa , while Reading and Stoke shared the points in a 1-1 draw . Liverpool and West Bromwich were both playing their first games under new management , with Brendan Rodgers having moved to Anfield from Swansea and Steve Clarke taking his first managerial post at Albion after being sacked from his assistant manager 's role with Liverpool at the end of last season . "  I thought the scoreline was harsh , I 've got to be honest , " Rodgers told the Liverpool website . "  After the first couple of minutes of the game , we got good control and rhythm in our game . Up until they scored the first goal , it looked as though we were the team who were going to get it . Liverpool finished the game with ten men , after defender Daniel Agger was sent off for a foul on West Bromwich striker Shane Long , giving away a penalty in the process . "  Obviously then with 10 men and chasing the game , it becomes difficult , " the former Swansea manager explained . "  We conceded a penalty and then the sending off kills you , really . Especially for a new team that is coming together in terms of the structure and ideas . " Liverpool have not had such a disastrous start since Chelsea beat them 6-1 on the opening day of the 1937 season . Boos rang around the Emirates as the final whistle blew on the first game of Arsenal 's post-Van Persie era . Manager Arsene Wenger gave debuts to new signings Lukas Podolski and Santi Cazorla , and introduced Olivier Giroud in the second half for the Frenchman 's first competitive showing in an Arsenal shirt . Despite controlling the majority of the play , Arsenal could n't find the net to get their season off to a winning start . "  We played with a good spirit . We were serious , we put the effort in . Our basic fitness is alright but we lack sharpness and fluency at the moment to be dangerous in the final third . " Wenger told the Arsenal website . "  The few chances we had , we could n't convert them . Sunderland always play the same way against us , in the final third and defensively , and if you 're not sharp enough to make the difference early in the game it becomes difficult . " Sunderland put in a dogged display to take their first point of the season , and had a couple of opportunities to win the match from set pieces , despite their defensive set up . "  It was a terrific performance by the team , considering that after about 60 odd minutes we were out on our feet , " manager Martin O'Neill told the club 's website . "  It was a very warm day , we were away from home and we had to soak up pressure . I thought we were really excellent ; it was a brilliant effort . "  We 've got a point , we 're off the mark and we 've got a home game to look forward to . " In South-West London , Queens Park Rangers were hoping to fulfill some of their pre-season promise . After a number of high profile signings , such as Ji-Sung Park from Manchester United and Jose Bosingwa from Chelsea , hopes were high that the club could avoid the relegation struggle they faced last year . Swansea , widely tipped as relegation candidates this season , put in an incredible performance to sour the mood at Rangers ' home ground , Loftus Road . "  It 's always nice to win your first game of the season and to win away from home is always important because it can give you so much confidence going forward , " explained Swansea manager Michael Laudrup to the club website . "  It gives us something to build on . But the players are the most important , and I 'm delighted for them . " Two goals for new signing Michu got the Welsh side 's season under way , and QPR never looked capable of a recovery . "  It was a wake up call . Maybe everybody was getting a little but excited about what 's ahead of us but we , as a group , understand there 's a lot of hard work needed , " Rangers manager Mark Hughes told the club 's website . "  Today was n't the level I expect us to perform at . You can make all the excuses in the world that it was a hot day and the first game of the season , but that does n't wash with me . We need to perform better . "  In the end we were ragged , made bad decisions , the accuracy of our passing was poor all day and as a consequence we got picked off very easily . "  All credit to Swansea , they played exceptionally well and they took their chances when they came . " The two promoted sides in action today , Reading and West Ham , both enjoyed a promising start to the season . West Ham ran out 1-0 winners over Aston Villa with a controversial goal from captain Kevin Nolan . Aston Villa believed play had stopped due to an offside flag , allowing Nolan to easily score . "  Some of the play , I was really happy with and some , like anything , you 're not . But I ca n't fault the lads for effort . Their effort was excellent , " explained Villa manager Paul Lambert to the club website . "  We tried , but there was n't much in the game . I thought we looked bright but we 've got to turn our possession into chances . If we can just get a finishing touch on that then we 'll be okay . " Reading looked like they were going to mark their return to the Premier League with a 1-0 home defeat to Stoke City . However , a last minute penalty from Adam Le Fondre rescued a point for last season 's Championship winners . "  I think it would have been unjust if we 'd lost but injustices are no good to anyone , you have to get results and we 've done that . We wanted to win it after we got to 1-1 , " Reading Manager Brian McDermott told Reading 's website after the game . Stoke had been fortunate to take the lead when a speculative shot from new signing Michael Kightly slipped through Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici 's hands and into the net . "  I am so pleased he scored today . We had wide players who did n't really score last season but Kights has come in and put pressure on them from the word go which is what we want , " Stoke manager Tony Pulis told his club 's website . "  We need forward to score goals and for us our wide players are forwards . The extra competition can only help us this season . " Fulham joined Swansea at the top of the table with a dominating 5-0 win over Norwich . The London side 's preparations have been overshadowed by the transfer rumors swirling around star player Clint Dempsey , but it was the club 's new signing that stole the headlines on the opening day of the season . Mladen Petric scored two goals on his full debut , with Damien Duff , Steve Sidwell and Alex Kacaniklic picking up a goal each . "  I am very happy . Not only because of my performance , but because we had an amazing start today which will be very important for us throughout the rest of the season , " Petric told the Fulham website . "  All of us played a very good game ; we defended very well -- I think they had just one or two chances to score -- and we scored five goals which means that we played very well today . " Norwich City were playing their first game under new manager Chris Hughton , but struggled to replicate some of their impressive form from last season . "  You have to remember that it 's the first game of the season , we 've all been there before , " said Hughton . "  Whether it 's at the start of the season the middle or at the end defeats are defeats and you have to be able to bounce back from them and learn from them . " In the late kick off , Newcastle needed a late penalty to overcome a spirited display from Andre Villas-Boas ' Tottenham side . The Portuguese manager was taking charge of the London team for the first time in a competitive match , and looked to have secured a valuable point when Jermain Defoe equalized Demba Ba 's early second half strike . Newcastle manager Alan Pardew could face Football Association charges after he was sent to the stands for shoving the assistant referee .	Liverpool lose 3-0 to WBA , Arsenal only draw with Sunderland Swansea and Fulham both score five to top table QPR endure miserable start to the season New Premier League sides Reading and West Ham enjoy promising starts
CNN  -- Jurors started to deliberate Friday after prosecutors and defense attorneys made closing arguments in the murder trial of an anti-abortion activist charged with killing a doctor who performed late-term abortion procedures . Scott Roeder is charged with murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller , who was shot to death May 31 in his church in Wichita , Kansas . Prosecutor Ann Swegle urged jurors to convict Roeder , reminding the jury of the defendant 's testimony Thursday . "  His testimony was delivered very matter-of-factly , but its contents were chillingly horrific , " she said . "  He carried out a planned assassination , and there can be no other verdict in this case ... other than guilty . " Kim T. Park , chief deputy district attorney , told the jurors that Roeder 's actions were unjustified and cowardly . "  Scott Roeder is not justified , " she said . "  He is only and simply guilty of the crimes he is charged with . " Mark Rudy , a defense attorney for Roeder , told jurors that Roeder believed he had to act . "  Scott thought that the babies kept on dying , " he said . "  Scott formed a belief that he had to stop George Tiller from killing more babies . " He admitted that Roeder killed Tiller but said only the jurors can decide if Roeder "  murdered " Tiller . He said he was not asking jurors "  to check your common sense at the door " and urged them to "  represent our little part of the nation well . " "  No defendant should ever be convicted based on his convictions , " Rudy said . Roeder testified Thursday that he shot and killed Tiller and did not regret it . "  There was nothing being done , and the legal process had been exhausted , and these babies were dying every day , " Roeder said . "  I felt that if someone did not do something , he was going to continue . " Tiller ran a women 's clinic at which he performed abortions . Sedgwick County District Judge Warren Wilbert ruled after the end of testimony Thursday that the jury could not consider a lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter against Roeder as the defense wanted . In making the ruling , Wilbert noted that Roeder had been talking about killing Tiller for 10 years , CNN affiliate WDAF reported . Several of Tiller 's family members broke into tears as Roeder recounted the shooting . Roeder said he did n't regret what he did and felt "  a sense of relief " when he learned that Tiller 's clinic was shut down after his death . Roeder calmly testified that he thought about different ways to kill the doctor -- driving a car into his , perhaps , or shooting him with a rifle . He also considered cutting Tiller 's hands off with a sword , but decided that would not be effective , as Tiller would still be able to train others . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortion procedures . He had already survived one attempt on his life before he was killed . He decided to kill Tiller at his church , he said , because "  I felt that actually if he was to be stopped , that was probably the only place he could have been stopped . ... It was the only window of opportunity I saw . " Roeder said he visited the church four or five times before Tiller 's death . The week before the shooting , on May 24 , he carried a .22 - caliber handgun with him , he testified , but Tiller did not attend church that day . On May 31 , though , the doctor was there , and "  I did what I thought was needed to be done to protect the children , " Roeder said . "  I shot him . " "  The lives of those children were in imminent danger if someone did not stop George Tiller , " he said . The defense had sought to have former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline and current Deputy Attorney General Barry Disney testify , but the judge did not allow it . Kline unsuccessfully attempted to prosecute Tiller in 2006 , and Disney charged Tiller with 19 misdemeanor counts , but a jury acquitted him . Wilbert said Roeder could testify about the cases and how they affected his beliefs , but to allow testimony from Kline would "  get into legal matters that do not concern this jury . " And , the judge said , the cases do not give Roeder a basis to state absolutely that Tiller 's actions were illegal , since the doctor had never been convicted . Defense attorneys claim Roeder was led to shoot Tiller in part because of authorities ' failure to punish him through the judicial system . Roeder testified he was "  very frustrated " by Tiller 's acquittal , saying it "  seemed like that was the last attempt by the state of Kansas to find if there was anything at all going on illegally in George Tiller 's clinic . " Roeder could face life in prison if convicted of first-degree murder . He also is charged with two counts of aggravated assault for allegedly pointing his gun at two other ushers as he fled the church .	Scott Roeder accused of killing Dr. George Tiller at church in May 2009 Tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in Wichita , Kansas Roeder testified he thought of various ways to kill Tiller Defense attorney told jurors Roeder believed he had to act .
Washington  CNN  -- Two federal judicial sources say they expect attorneys for accused Tucson shooter Jared Lee Loughner to ask that any trial be moved out of Arizona , possibly to San Diego , but the Justice Department indicated Monday it would opposed a move The sources said they expect the defense will make a formal motion in coming weeks to move court proceedings to a neighboring jurisdiction because of pre-trial publicity . "  Federal law dictates these offenses be tried in the district  Arizona  , " Justice Department spokeswoman Jessica Smith said . "  The Justice Department is moving forward in a manner consistent with the law , and will oppose any change of venue motions . " Earlier , federal sources said that whether to support an out-of-state change of venue , a move that has happened rarely in recent years , appeared to be an ongoing point of disagreement within the Justice Department . A trial also could be held in Arizona outside of Tucson , those sources said . There are federal courthouses in Phoenix , Flagstaff , and Yuma . A final decision would be made by the new chief judge of the federal courts in Arizona , Roslyn Silver . The 1994 Clinton appointee to the federal bench has taken over for Judge John Roll , one of the six victims killed in the January 8 shooting that also left U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , seriously wounded . Federal sources say Silver -- if asked to move the trial -- would consult with officials of the 9th Circuit , the federal judicial region that includes nine Western states , including Arizona . San Diego , which is in the Southern District of California , is being considered since San Diego-based federal Judge Larry Burns has been assigned to preside over the Loughner case . The next court appearance for the suspect is January 24 in Phoenix , where Burns will preside . Several members of Loughner 's current defense team -- including Judy Clarke -- also are based there . San Diego is about 410 miles from Tucson . All federal judges in Arizona have recused themselves from the case . Sources say other possible out-of-state options for a trial would be Los Angeles , or Las Vegas . Federal prosecutors have the discretion to object to any proposed move out of state for any criminal trial , but they would have no authority to block it . The prosecution of the suspects in the 1996 Oklahoma City , bombing was moved to Denver at the defense 's request . But the 1982 federal trial of John Hinckley , the man who attempted to kill President Ronald Reagan , was held in Washington , where the shootings took place . He was found not guilty by reason of insanity . There are no clear guidelines on moving criminal trials out of a state or region . Judges in such cases have wide measure of discretion to decide , legal experts say . Federal judicial sources said they expect any consideration on the Arizona venue question to be several months off , at least . Those sources offered no guidance on when any trial would begin , saying such decisions are subject to a range of pre-trial motions that can be filed by both the government and defense . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : The Justice Department will oppose a change of venue , a spokeswoman says The defense is likely to ask for venue change soon , federal judicial sources say The decision rests with judge who replaced slain federal judge San Diego is considered because judge assigned to case resides there , sources say
CNN  -- Tyson Gay tuned up for his Olympic showdown with Jamaican stars Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake with victory over 100m in the Diamond League meeting in London Friday . In three weeks time just across the British capital , the American will be hoping to cross the line first again in the 100m final , but will be hoping to avoid the damp and cold conditions that all the sprinters faced at Crystal Palace . The 29-year-old American came surging through to win in 10.03 seconds into a headwind , with Ryan Bailey second and Nesta Carter in third . Carter 's Jamaican teammate Asafa Powell pulled out before the start of the meeting to rest an injury . "  I feel pretty good with the win . The weather was n't that bad , it 's very important to acclimatise and the weather helps me prepare mentally for the Games , " said Gay . "  I 'm in pretty good shape -- I want that Olympic gold , " he added . Going to the Games , or watching at home ? Send us your pictures and videos Gay is the second fastest man in history behind Bolt , who suffered a surprise double defeat of 100 and 200m in the recent Jamaican trials . In other action , home hope Mo Farah stormed to victory in the men 's 5000m with a blistering final two laps to win in 13 minutes 6.04 seconds . The 29-year-old is the reigning world champion over that distance but hoping to double up in the 10,000 m at the London Games . He finished clear of Australia 's Collis Birmingham and Moses Kipsiro of Uganda . The men 's 110m hurdles was won by American Aries Merritt with a superb season 's fastest time of 12.93 seconds in the testing conditions . Merritt , the winner of the U.S. Olympic trials was set for a showdown with Liu Xiang , who had won his qualifer in impressive style , but the Chinese star pulled out of the final with a bad back . Puerto Rican Javier Culson beat British world champion Dai Greene in the 400m hurdles , but in the women 's equivalent there was home success as Perri Shakes-Drayton stormed to victory in 53.77 seconds , a personal best . Kenyan star Vivian Cheruiyot underlined her gold medal credentials with a fine win over 5,000 m in 14 minutes 48.86 seconds .	Tyson Gay wins 100m at the London Diamond League meeting Home hero Mo Farah sprints away to win the men 's 5000m Aries Merritt takes 110 m hurdles in impressive 12.93 seconds Liu Xiang of China pulls out before the final with back injury
CNN  -- Khaled Abdel Nasser , son of late Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser and a key figure during a 1980s Egyptian revolt , is dead , a spokesman for the Egyptian general prosecutor said Sunday . He was 62 . Nasser was battling liver disease and went into a coma two weeks before his death on September 15 , said Adel Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman . He was accused of organizing a revolt against Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel , signed in 1979 , and also grabbed headlines after being tried in connection with the deaths of two Israeli diplomats in Egypt . He was eventually acquitted . The late president 's eldest son was an engineering professor at Cairo University and had lived in Yugoslavia . Nasser was married to Dalia Fahmy , the sister of former oil minister Sameh Fahmy , who is currently facing trial for alleged corruption involving the exportation of gas to Israel .	Khaled Abdel Nasser was the oldest son of President Gamal Abdel Nasser He was accused of organizing a revolt in Egypt in the 1980s He tried and acquitted in connection with the deaths of two Israeli diplomats in Egypt
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- At least 19 people died Saturday when a boat carrying Congolese refugees capsized on Lake Albert , police said . The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the Democratic Republic of Congo when it overturned at about 10:30 a.m. , according to police , who said 45 people were rescued as the search continued for 32 missing men , women and children . The boat , which was carrying 96 people , more than twice its capacity , capsized off Ndaiga in Kibale district , police said . Accidents are common among the often overloaded wooden boats that sustain communities along Lake Albert , which lies between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo , but police have difficulty enforcing safety standards . Ugandan police spokesman Patrick Onyango said the refugees had left from the Kyangwali settlement camp in Hoima district . "  They were leaving the camp to get back to their country , and it is the cheapest transport for them , " he said .	The boat was en route from a settlement camp in western Uganda to the DRC The search continues for 32 men , women and children Accidents are common among the often overloaded , wooden boats "  It is the cheapest transport , " says a police spokesman
CNN  -- Syrian soldiers working to retake a rebellious northern town killed , wounded and arrested members of "  armed terrorist groups " operating in the region , state media reported Saturday . This development unfolded as Syrian troops on Friday afternoon came to the entrances of the city , Jisr Al-Shugur , in an operation "  to restore security and tranquility to the area which was being terrorized by armed terrorist groups , " the Syrian Arab News Agency reported . This military offensive took place amid anti-government protests raging across Syria for nearly three months , outpourings that have led to violent security crackdowns on demonstrators . Syria 's Bashar al-Assad regime has consistently blamed what it calls armed gangs for the bloodshed over the last three months . But activists and protesters say security forces have caused the violence . The Syrian government announced it would punish Jisr Al-Shugur after it accused "  armed groups " of killing at least 120 security forces there several days ago . Syrian refugees who fled to Turkey disputed that claim , saying some of the soldiers rebelled after being ordered to fire on unarmed protesters and instead started fighting among themselves . The military advance spread panic throughout the civilian population , and residents said they had evacuated women and children from Jisr Al-Shugur in recent days . More than 3,800 Syrians have fled to Turkey , the Anatolia news agency reported . In the nearby town of Maaret al-Nouman on Friday , Syrian security forces and helicopters advancing toward Jisr Al-Shugur sprayed automatic weapons fire into a crowd of thousands of protesters demonstrating after Friday prayers . As the army reached Jisr Al-Shugur , it "  arrested a large number of the armed terrorist group members and killed and wounded a number of them , despite the fact that these groups resorted to setting up traps using dynamites stolen from Wadi Abyad dam area , " SANA reported , citing Syrian TV . The military confiscated machine guns , explosive devices , detonators and Turkish SIM cards from those arrested , state TV reported on Saturday . "  Cameramen and reporters " were ambushed at the entrance of Jisr Al-Shugur "  after they came under heavy fire by the terrorist armed gangs . " It said the journalists were doing well and there were no casualties . "  The army managed to foil the armed groups ' attempts to besiege the grain silos in the area . The group had threatened to burn crops and any vehicle that attempts to transport groups to the silos , " SANA reported . Protests spread across Syria on Friday and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 25 people were killed in various locations , including 11 in Maaret al-Nouman . Amnesty International said it believes that more than 1,100 people have been killed in the three-lcrackdown , including 82 children . Every Friday for weeks , anti-government marches have been organized after Muslim prayers . Friday 's expression of discontent was called "  the Friday of kinship . " '	"  A large number " of arrests are made , state media reports "  A number of "  armed " terrorists are killed or wounded The conflicts in Syria has raged for three months
CNN  -- When you think of potentially fatal threats at the beach , you probably think of sharks or riptides . You probably do n't worry about the sand . But that unexpected killer has now claimed at least three lives in the United States this summer . Nine-year-old Isabel Grace Franks died at a Lincoln City , Oregon , beach on Friday , when a hole she was digging in the sand caved in and buried her , authorities said . "  We heard screaming , " Tracey Dudley , who was staying at a nearby hotel , told CNN affiliate KATU . "  At first we thought , you know , it was just kids . But it was like screaming and screaming and screaming . " "  Her and her siblings were digging a big hole in the sand , " Lincoln City police Sgt. Brian Eskridge said . "  She was sitting inside , and the hole collapsed . We believe she was under the sand around five minutes . " Franks , her family and friends were visiting the beach from Sandy , Oregon . Police and firefighters dug her out . She was unconscious and not breathing . Emergency crews performed CPR on her and transported her to a hospital , where she was declared dead . Mourners left flowers , candles and notes near where she died . Before the emergency workers arrived , beachgoers had frantically tried to dig her out , but the sand kept collapsing back into the hole , Eskridge said . That 's a common problem when someone gets buried at the beach , Tom Gill of the United States Lifesaving Association said Sunday . "  Once the sand starts collapsing , digging out becomes a technical rescue , " Gill said . "  It 's difficult because the sand keeps collapsing back into the hole , and the more people gathering around , the more difficult it is . " "  It 's not unusual for kids to build holes and sandcastles in the sand , but a lot of people do n't understand it can collapse , " Eskridge said . "  It 's difficult for people to understand how hard it is to get people out . " Dry sand weighs 100 pounds per square foot , and wet sand weighs 120 pounds per square foot , according to a 2004 study from the Mayo Clinic , entitled "  Accidental Burials in Sand : A Potentially Fatal Summertime Hazard . " "  Dry sand burial can totally engulf and compress a person ... with no air pocket for breathing , " the report said . "  Depending on the age and strength of the child , just 1 foot of sand may overwhelm respiratory and diaphragmatic force , " But according to the Mayo study , airway obstruction is an even bigger concern than sand stifling lung and diaphragm expansion . "  Although accidental sand burial has its own set of clinical problems , clearing the airway is the main focus of treatment . Airway management at the scene of the incident may be crucial and lifesaving , " the Mayo report said . The hole containing Franks was big enough for a crouching adult to fit in , witnesses told KATU . Gill said no national standards exist to restrict the depth of holes , though local jurisdictions often set their own rules . For example , in Virginia Beach , Virginia , the USLA 's home base , beach visitors are n't supposed to dig holes deeper than knee-level , even for small children , Gill said . There 's also no national database of fatal sand collapses , Gill said . They do n't happen often , Gill said , "  but often enough that we try to make people aware . " Articles in scholarly journals over the past decade , including the Mayo report , have called for public health and safety officials to be more aware of sand dangers . In June 2007 , the New England Journal of Medicine published a letter to the editor entitled "  Sudden Death from Collapsing Sand Holes , " from Dr. Bradley Maron of Harvard Medical School . Maron counted "  52 documented fatal and nonfatal cases , occurring primarily in the past 10 years , in which persons were submerged after the collapse of a dry-sand hole excavated for recreational purposes . " He said 31 of those 52 people died , and "  the other 21 survived by virtue of timely rescue involving extrication from the sand ; many of them required cardiopulmonary resuscitation , performed by a bystander . " Maron 's study concluded that collapses were inadvertently triggered by a variety of circumstances , including digging , tunneling , jumping , or falling into the hole . Young children like Isabel Franks are n't the only age group at risk . The two sand-related fatalities earlier this summer were both grown men . A 49-year-old Virginia man died on the beach at North Carolina 's Outer Banks on June 23 , according to CNN affiliate WTVR . David Frasier of Fredericksburg , Virginia , had to be extracted from a hole approximately 5 to 6 feet deep . A bystander was unable to revive him . And on July 21 , in Half Moon Bay , California , Adam Jay Pye was buried alive while tunneling under the sand , CNN affiliate KRON reported . Fire officials said Pye was standing in a 10-foot-deep pit when the sand rushed in around him . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	Isabel Grace Franks , 9 , died Friday , buried in sand at an Oregon beach "  We heard screaming , " a witness says Franks is at least the third person to die in beach sand in the United States this summer
CNN  -- Listening to the radio was something I did -- when I was a teenager . Just take my middle and high school years where every morning , at 6:55 , I flipped on my Walkman and began the trudge down the hill to the bus stop . It was tuned to B94 , which was Pittsburgh 's "  Today 's Hit Music " station . Every day , the crazy -- and at that time seemingly raunchy -- antics of its morning show with John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly made me excited to be awake . Although the show offered really nothing of value to enrich my life , like a sugary drink , it did n't have to . In those 40 minutes on the bus , there was adequately funny banter  which in hindsight , was terrible  , vital information of what happened in Hollywood overnight , and most importantly , today 's hottest music . The Pussycat Dolls , then Natasha Bedingfield , and that one Fort Minor song ? If I heard that lineup again , High School Me would probably melt in happiness . But my radio listening habits did n't end at 7:45 a.m. . After school , I probably listened to the same set of music . The only difference was the afternoon slot felt like it was filled with endless commercials that did n't air in the morning . But it all stopped when I went to college . The pop music station in my new home , a small Ohio town , could n't match the "  talents " of John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly  although it was not like I was awake at 7 a.m. to listen  . While I was slinking into my late teens , the playlist of that low-budget station felt like it was stuck in my middle-school years . By then , I was also hooked to my family 's satellite radio account , which was like terrestrial radio without all of those terrible commercials for car dealerships or rug outlets . And discovering new music on the Internet around that time became easier . I trawled through iTunes ' constantly updated charts . My friends posted recommendations on their Facebook and Twitter accounts , which substituted for radio stations plugging whatever artist their corporate parent suggested . Also , my dorm 's high-speed Internet connection allowed me to stream music from noncommercial stations all around the world , like BBC Radio 1 , to see what we would be listening to stateside in another six months . After college , I moved to Austin , Texas , a traffic-prone town where you would spend more time in your car than at your destination . But when I pulled into the city in 2012 , I did n't even bother to reset my car 's radio to the local stations . It was n't necessary . Most if not all of the time , I was plugged into my satellite radio or my app-filled iPhone , which played a steady stream of commercial-free music catering to my tastes . For my friends and me , the car 's auxiliary outlet killed the radio star . Now I 'm 24 and the radio 's relevancy is fading faster than driving out of a signal 's reach . The Internet has made me an an "  on-demand " listener , meaning I can listen to any song , from any artist , at any time . From music apps , websites  like Soundcloud  , and the blogs , there are literally millions of sources to discover new music . I can listen to a new song seconds after it 's released and not wait days , or even weeks , before the radio bothers to play it . And , ugh , those cheesy DJs are no longer polluting my listening experience with their allegedly wacky and zany gags . The definition of DJ has shifted from John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly , to actual , physical DJs , who spin "  records " like Diplo or Avicii . It 's not just me . Every morning , my wretched millennial friends awake to freshly brewed tunes from our favorite blogs . New music from my friends fills up my Spotify inbox at a seemingly never-ending pace  and vice versa  . I would be scared to hear how loud the laugh would be if anyone asked if we 'd discovered a half-decent new song on the radio in the past five years . I do n't know even know what channel to find that on ! Since the iPhone has replaced my Walkman , my friends have replaced the DJs , and the ability to listen to whatever I want at any given moment kicked out radio stations ' playlists , I would say it 's time to turn off the radio for good . But I already did that five years ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jordan Valinsky .	Valinsky : I do n't need AM/FM anymore Author was a radio listener in high school In college , he turned to the Internet and iTunes "  I would say it 's time to turn off the radio for good , " says Valinsky
CNN  -- A Tennessee man convicted and jailed for abusing his two infant children is charged with murder -- 23 years later . Anthony Shannon Lane was convicted in 1992 of beating his 5-week-old daughter Amanda so badly she lived the rest of her life in bed : blind and unable to talk or move , except for seizures , said her mother , Nancy Woodall-Holmes , who first fostered and then adopted Amanda . Amanda died last year at age 22 and on Monday , Lane , 41 , was charged with first-degree murder in Amanda 's death . "  She was such a treasure , " said Woodall-Holmes , who became Amanda 's foster parent on a Christmas Eve . At the time , she was told Amanda had a short life expectancy and her placement would be temporary . "  I ca n't put into words just how precious she was , " said Woodall , who adopted Amanda at age 4 "  We will work with the district attorney 's office in the prosecution of this case for justice for Amanda , " said Rutherford County Sheriff Robert Arnold . According to an autopsy by the state medical examiner 's office , Amanda 's death was a homicide , caused by complications of blunt force head injury . Lane 's first court hearing is scheduled for July 18 . Second infant abused After serving a 10-year sentence for aggravated child abuse of Amanda , Lane had a son , Ryan , who was abused at 3 months old , according to court documents . Lane was convicted in 2003 , again of aggravated child abuse , and is serving a 25-year prison sentence for that assault . Ryan suffered cerebral palsy , brain injury , blindness , epilepsy and failure to thrive from the abuse , according to a pediatrician who testified in the case . Justice for Amanda Ryan is in a wheelchair and was adopted by a family near Amanda 's home , said her mother . "  We were able to get the children together , and it seemed like they made a connection with each other , " said Woodall-Holmes . "  He was there when she died . His hand was touching her hand . " Woodall-Holmes said the murder charges against Lane , even 23 years later , will have an effect on victims of abuse . "  It may take 23 years but justice will be served . That 's the message I want to get out there . " Police : Prostitute killed tech exec with heroin Suspect in Tulsa serial sex attacks dies after crash fleeing assault	Anthony Shannon Lane is charged with murder 23 years after he abused his infant girl Amanda lived 22 years in bed , unable to move , see or speak , because of the abuse Lane also abused a half brother of Amanda 's and is serving time in prison for that Amanda was adopted by woman who says she was a treasure
CNN  -- Want a real home-cooked meal in a foreign country ? Got a burning desire to track icebergs in Canada ? Need to know how to build a proper sandcastle ? The best new travel sites offer these and other unique experiences . Triptuner.com TripTuner tries to find your ideal destination by matching travel to your tastes and preferences . A panel of scales lets you choose the degree of experience you want : relaxing or active , bikini or parka , adult or kid-friendly , beach or mountain , urban or remote , high-end or thrifty , and everything in between . High preference for "  active " and "  mountain " gets you to Mount Kilimanjaro , Torres del Paine in Chile or Innsbruck , Austria . Maxing out "  relaxing " and "  bikini " matches you with Mykonos , Greece , and the Seychelles . You can limit recommendations to a region closer to you , for your wallet 's sake . The site 's soundboard tuner is fun to play with , but goes no further than booking hotel rooms . Triptuner.com Mealsharing.com What better way to experience local cuisine than to eat with locals in their homes ? Meal Sharing brokers invitations to home cooked meals around the world . It 's not only easy on the wallet , it 's a great way to meet fellow travelers and locals , rather than relying on restaurants or room service for every meal . Mealsharing.com Campinmygarden.com Love the idea of camping , but ca n't give up a clean toilet ? Travelers can set up tents in the backyards of houses around the world from $ 5 per person a night . The site 's "  glamping " options include swimming pools , barbecues , Wi-Fi and babysitting services . "  Bamping "  basic camping  options provide little more than a corner of turf with bathroom facilities . Campinmygarden.com Anyfriendofours.com This home rental site takes "  exclusive " seriously . Applicants  both hosts and renters  must be second homeowners and approved by a membership board . It helps to be recommended by an existing member . Members have access to well-maintained homes in reliable locations . Owners rest easy knowing their homes wo n't be trashed by rowdies . Members can rent apartments in Florida for $ 75 a night or private villas in Mykonos for $ 1,600 a night . Anyfriendofours.com Alltherooms.com The days of having Expedia , Kayak , Hotwire and Groupon opened on multiple tabs may be over . All The Rooms is a search engine that trawls hotel sites , as well as alternative-stay sites such as Hostelworld , Airbnb and housetrip , combining research on hotels , hostels , bed and breakfasts , houses and apartments onto one page . Alltherooms.com Canaryhop.com U.S. comedian Andy Samberg found himself wondering what to do while on a trip in France and shortly after co-founded CanaryHop . With more than 800 activities offered by "  canaries "  local guides  for "  hoppers "  travelers  , the site aims to keep travelers from twiddling their thumbs on vacation . Popular trips include a Harry Potter overnight tour and a terracotta warriors tour . Travelers can book quirky activities , like learning to build sandcastles , make bows and arrows or become gladiators . Canaryhop.com Icebergfinder.com The Titanic tragedy inspired the formation of the International Ice Patrol , an aerial surveillance of icebergs . Visitors to Canada 's east coast can use Iceberg Finder 's interactive map to track -- or avoid -- the glacial giants . Iceberg sightings are usually between April and June . Icebergfinder.com Intervac-homeexchange . com Accommodations can take up a large chunk of a travel budget , money better spent on shopping , eating , drinking or upgrading your souvenir purchases . For an annual fee of    70  $ 95  , travelers get access to unlimited home exchanges . Swappers can choose stays by location , such as "  in the city , " "  by the sea " or "  in the mountains . " Intervac-homeexchange . com Jetlagrooster.com Even the nicest hotel room can become stale when you 're suffering jet lag . Launched last year by Jay Olson of Canada 's Simon Fraser University , Jet Lag Rooster helps travelers shift body clocks by adjusting their exposure to light . The site uses trip details and usual sleep patterns to calculate a battle plan against jet lag . Jetlagrooster.com Roomertravel.com Canceled travel plans waste money . Paying for the hotel room you ca n't use adds to the misery . Roomer helps you sell off un-used hotel reservations . You can set your own prices to earn back some of the room rate or cancellation fee . Deal seekers can often pick up unwanted rooms at a fraction of the listed price . Roomertravel.com Seatguru.com For many of us , being cramped on a plane is as close as this world gets to Hell . A little extra leg room and space by a window can make a flight almost tolerable . SeatGuru points out preferred spots on all models of planes , as well as seats of misery , like those too close to the bathroom , those with limited leg room and recline , those often bumped by aisle walkers and even those that have an uneven alignment of TV and window . There are also seat tips for first - and business-class fliers . Seatguru.com Wwoof.com Volunteers are given food and accommodation in exchange for helping out with day-to-day chores for four to six hours on a farm or vineyard . Some hosts have multiple volunteers you can connect with . This is a cheap idea for wine lovers who might pay thousands of dollars for a high-end vineyard stay . Depending on the WWOOF  Worldwide Opportunities on Organic Farms  organization , membership fees vary . Wwoof.net	Intervac members get access to unlimited home swaps Iceberg Alley in Canada can be navigated with a tracking map at Iceberg Finder Meal Sharing connects world travelers and locals who want company for dinner Jet Lag Rooster computes personalized plans for combating jet lag
CNN  -- Schalke moved to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen after winning 2-0 away to fellow title hopefuls Werder Bremen on Saturday night . Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek scored in the second half to put Schalke a point above third-placed Bayern Munich , who earlier crushed lowly Bochum 5-1 to cap a memorable week . Former Germany striker Kuranyi put Schalke ahead two minutes after halftime and midfielder Moravek ensured Bremen 's first league defeat since the opening day of the season with his 72nd-minute goal . Bremen could also have closed to within a point of Leverkusen , who were held 2-2 at bottom club Hertha Berlin on Friday night , but ended the night two points adrift of Bayern . Louis Van Gaal 's Bayern , runners-up to Wolfsburg last season , briefly reached their highest league position since he took over as coach in the summer as Mario Gomez continued his recent scoring run with the opening goal at Bochum and strike partner Ivica Olic netted twice . Bayern , who crushed Italian giants Juventus 4-1 in midweek to qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League , moved to within two points of leaders Bayer Leverkusen , Olic set up Gomez 's 23rd-minute header for the opening goal , and Mergim Mavraj put through his own net 10 minutes later as the Germany international tried to repay the favor to the Croatian . Olic got on the scoresheet two minutes before halftime from Bastian Schweinsteiger 's cross and made it 4-0 four minutes after the break with a header from Holger Badstuber 's delivery . Danijel Pranjic extended the lead five minutes later after fullback Phillip Lahm surged into the box and squared the ball to him , while Christian Fuchs scored a consolation free-kick for Bochum in the 76th minute . Fifth-placed Hamburg joined Bremen on 28 points , winning 4-0 at Nuremberg to end a run of seven games without a win . All the goals came in the second half as Eljero Elia 's 47th-minute strike opened the floodgates , and he helped set up Marcell Jansen for the second on the hour mark . Tunay Torun made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fierce rising effort after cutting in from the left , and Elia wrapped it up on 74 from Jansen 's pass . Sixth-placed Hoffenheim failed to keep pace with the teams above them , drawing 1-1 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt , and have now won just once in five league outings . Sejad Salihovic opened the scoring for the hosts in the ninth minute with a penalty after Selim Teber fouled Vedad Ibisevic , but Pirmin Schwegler equalized for Frankfurt on 61 when his long-range effort hit Luis Gustavo and ballooned over goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand and into the net . Borussia Moenchengladbach triumphed 5-3 at home to Hannover , who conceded three own-goals and had a player sent off in an incredible mid-table clash . Defender Karim Haggui twice put into his own net -- the first an lucky rebound from goalkeeper Florian Fromlowitz 's attempted clearance in the 15th minute to open the scoring , and he also contributed the game 's eighth goal with his second faux-pas . Constant Djakpa also conceded at the wrong end to give the hosts a 3-1 lead in the 59th minute , while Hannover 's Didier Ya Konen scored in each half before being dismissed for his second yellow card on 84 . Cologne edged away from the relegation zone with a 0-0 draw at Freiburg as Germany international striker Lukas Podolski -- who has not scored in the Bundesliga since September 13 -- hit the woodwork twice for the visitors .	Schalke move to within a point of German Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen Kevin Kuranyi and Jan Moravek score in second half of 2-0 win at Werder Bremen Fourth-placed Bremen suffer first league defeat since the opening day of the season Bayern Munich claim third place , two points behind Leverkusen , after crushing Bochum 5-1
EW.com  -- Sony 's $ 230 million alien-zapping sequel "  Men In Black 3 " topped the box office over the three-day weekend frame with an estimated $ 55 million . Although the Will Smith action-comedy did n't exactly trip out of the gate , "  Men In Black 3 's " start is troubling considering its gigantic budget and supposed built-in audience . Fortunately , as is so often the case these days , international results proved stronger . Sony says the film has taken in $ 132 million overseas in its initial week of release . Marvel 's "  The Avengers " held strong in second place with $ 37 million -- a 34 percent drop from last weekend . The superhero ensemble crossed the $ 500 million mark on Saturday , its 23rd day of release , effectively smashing the record previously held by "  Avatar , " which took 32 days to reach the same milestone . It 's earned $ 513.7 million total . Last weekend 's openers "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " took up the next two spots on the chart . "  Battleship " plummeted 58 percent  on a holiday weekend no less !  to $ 10.8 million , giving it a 10-day total of $ 44.3 million against a $ 209 million budget . "  The Dictator , " meanwhile , dropped by a more modest  but still not that great  45 percent to $ 9.6 million , resulting in a $ 41.4 million 12-day total . Rounding out the Top 5 , the Oren Peli-produced horror horror flick "  Chernobyl Diaries " could n't achieve "  Paranormal Activity " - sized numbers . "  Chernobyl " earned a weak $ 8 million in three days -- with $ 3.5 million of that coming from Friday alone  a sure sign of frontloadedness  . 1 . "  Men In Black 3 " -- $ 55.0 million 2 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 37.0 million 3 . "  Battleship " -- $ 10.8 million 4 . "  The Dictator " -- $ 9.6 million 5 . "  Chernobyl Diaries " -- $ 8.0 million Check back tomorrow for the full Memorial Day weekend box office report , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute box office updates . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Men In Black 3 " topped the box office with an estimated $ 55 million "  The Avengers " held strong in second place with $ 37 million "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " took up the next two spots on the chart
A combination of hard work , raw talent and destiny took an impoverished Elvis Presley from a two-bedroom Tupelo , Mississippi , home , transformed him into a international icon and left his legacy at Graceland in Memphis , Tennessee . Graceland is the second-most-visited home in the United States after the White House . But Presley , who never forgot his humble beginnings , is also celebrated in Tupelo , where the Elvis Presley Birthplace Museum opened in 1992 . The museum draws from 75,000 to 80,000 people each year to its exhibits , the house where Elvis was born and the church where he first sang gospel music . Tupelo will kick off this year 's Elvis Week with Fan Appreciation Day on August 10 , and Ben Portsmouth , last year 's Elvis Ultimate Tribute Artist winner , will perform during the evening . Elvis week continues at Graceland from August 11 to 17 , with daily events including a Memphis music tour , Elvis movie screenings , memorial services and concerts .	Elvis Week coincides with the anniversary of Elvis Presley 's death on August 16 , 1977 The week kicks off in Tupelo , Mississippi , where the singer was born Elvis ' Memphis home , Graceland , will fete the late artist with daily events August 11 to 17
CNN  -- Another wonder strike from in-form Dutch winger Arjen Robben proved enough to give Bayern Munich a narrow 1-0 Champions League semifinal first leg win over Lyon , in a match which saw both sides reduced to 10 men . Robben , who scored a hat-trick in Bayern 's 7-0 thrashing of Hannover , continued where he left off last weekend by scoring the only goal in the 69th minute . Picking the ball up 25 yards from goal , Robben 's impressive strike took a slight deflection off the head of teammate Thomas Muller to wrong-foot goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Bayern were the better of the two sides , but they suffered an early setback when midfielder Franck Ribery , whose name has been linked to an alleged sex scandal in his native France , was sent off for a late challenge on Lisandro in the 37th minute . Ribery lunged in with studs showing , catching Lisnadro on his ankle , and Italian referee Robert Rosetti had no hesitation in producing a straight red card , meaning the Frenchman will now miss the second leg in Lyon next week . However , nine minutes after the break , Lyon 's man advantage disappeared when Jeremy Toulalan , who had been booked for a foul on Robben just three minutes earlier , was shown a second yellow card for a high challenge . Lyon had endured a long trip by road and rail to get to Munich and , like Barcelona in Milan 24 hours earlier , they appeared tired and lethargic throughout the majority of the match .	Bayern Munich defeat Lyon 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal In-form Arjen Robben scores the only goal with a spectacular long-range strike Franck Ribery and Jeremy Toulalan are sent off as both team finish with 10 men
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- To this day , Linda Haywood recalls the shame she once felt for her great-uncle . Jack Johnson was convicted of transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes . " "  I could see from the expression on my mother 's face that it pained her to tell me about him , " she recalled , "  but it was n't just her . The shame was there for all the members of my family . " Haywood 's great-uncle , Jack Johnson , shocked the nation in 1908 by becoming the first African-American world heavyweight champion . Yet the boxer was arrested not long afterward for taking a white woman across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . That case fell apart and the woman later became his wife , but then investigators charged him with a similar offense involving a woman he had dated years earlier . An all-white jury 's decision to convict him in that case has come to be widely viewed as a symbol of racial injustice . Now Haywood is working with Sen. John McCain and others to try to clear her great-uncle 's name . McCain wants the Senate to pass a resolution urging President Obama to grant Johnson a presidential pardon . It would represent a final vindication for Haywood , a 53-year-old seamstress in Chicago who now views her great-uncle with pride . Her parents did n't tell her until she was 12 that she was related to Johnson , even though she saw his photo at school during lessons on black history . "  I remember seeing his picture on the wall of my sixth-grade classroom in Chicago in 1966 , " Haywood said in a voice tinged with sadness . "  It was up there next to pictures of Sojourner Truth and George Washington Carver as part of a black history week my teacher put together . I did n't have the first clue who the man was . My parents did n't want me to know . " Her parents , she said , were trying to protect her from a legacy of racial injustice at a time when the country had yet to emerge from the long shadow of segregation . Haywood was stunned when she learned her great-uncle 's story . Less than five years after winning the heavyweight title , Johnson was convicted for violating the Mann Act , which outlawed the transportation of women across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . Johnson was black and the woman was white -- enough to get even a champion imprisoned in early 20th century America . Justice Department lawyers decried it as a "  crime against nature " for him to have a sexual relationship with a white woman . Judge Kennesaw Mountain Landis , later to become the first commissioner of Major League Baseball , set Johnson 's bail at $ 30,000 -- the equivalent of more than $ 660,000 today . When a bail bondsman showed up , Landis jailed him , too , according to an account that filmmaker Ken Burns relays in his documentary , "  Unforgivable Blackness : The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson . " An all-white jury convicted Johnson in less than two hours . "  Mr. Johnson was perhaps persecuted as an individual , but ... it was his misfortune to be the foremost example of the evil in permitting the intermarriage of whites and blacks , " one of the prosecutors later said . Johnson 's real crime , in the eyes of many , was committed three years earlier , when he successfully defended his boxing title against Jim Jeffries , a white boxer who came to be called the "  Great White Hope " because many white fans saw him as the best chance to wrest back a boxing title from the African-American champ . Jeffries , a former heavyweight champion , had come out of retirement intending to reclaim a title that many Americans believed Johnson had no right to in the first place . Johnson beat Jeffries on July 4 , 1910 , before a stunned , almost entirely white crowd in Reno , Nevada . Race riots followed . More than 20 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Most victims were black . So when they "  could n't beat him in the ring , the white power establishment decided to beat him in the courts , " Burns said in his documentary . Johnson fled to Europe in 1913 while free on appeal . But after years of fights overseas -- including the eventual loss of his title in Havana , Cuba , in 1915 -- Johnson came home . He turned himself over to U.S. authorities at the Mexican border in 1920 and served ten months in prison . He died in a car wreck in 1946 . "  Back then , if you were black and you were told that you did something wrong , you really had no recourse , " said Haywood . "  You just accepted what was done because black people were basically powerless and voiceless . Jack may have been a rich boxer , but he could n't fight the system . " Today , in a very different America , Haywood 's family is seeking justice . They 've teamed up with Burns , McCain and Rep. Peter King , a New York Republican , to urge the nation 's first African-American president to grant Johnson a rare posthumous pardon . McCain and King introduced resolutions calling for a presidential pardon in 2005 and last year . The House passed it , but the Senate did not . The White House declined to comment when asked Obama 's views on a possible pardon for Johnson . McCain , who says he made a mistake by once voting against a federal holiday for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , sees the pardon as a way to right an old wrong . "  The Jack Johnson case is an ignominious stain on our nation 's history , " he said on the Senate floor this month , while introducing a new version of the resolution . "  Rectifying this injustice is long overdue . -LSB- The resolution recognizes -RSB- the unjustness of what transpired , and sheds light on the achievements of an athlete who was forced into the shadows of bigotry and prejudice . Johnson ... deserved much better than a racially motivated conviction . " King , himself a former boxer , said in a written statement that Johnson was a trailblazer who became "  a victim of the times . " For Haywood , the proposed pardon is also personal . It 's about wiping the slate clean for future generations of her family . "  My mother used to say Jack was defiant , " she remembered . "  No disrespect , momma , but he was being his own man . And I 'm so proud of him . To think -- of all the families in the world , God gave him to us . " Haywood has made sure her four children know the story of the country 's first black heavyweight champion . "  They love him , " she said . "  Especially my oldest son . He was a bit of a pugilist in high school . He got into his fair share of scraps . I think we know where he got that trait . " Haywood says she 'll go to Washington if Obama issues a pardon . With a bit of laughter , she promises to give a gracious , eloquent speech thanking him . With or without a pardon , she emphasizes , the stigma and the shame are gone . Today , Johnson 's family feels only pride .	Heavyweight champ Jack Johnson was arrested around 1908 His offense : Transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes " Relatives working with Washington powers to get Johnson a posthumous pardon
EW.com  -- It 's hard out there for a plus-sized-and-proud actress like Melissa McCarthy -- especially in a world where svelte Jennifer Lawrence considers herself "  obese " by Hollywood standards . But McCarthy has built a career even the tiniest starlet should envy -- one that 's included an Emmy  and another nomination  , an Oscar nod , and roles in two $ 100 million-plus-grossing comedies in the past two years . Even so , McCarthy 's weight has made her a target for Photoshop-happy marketing execs , mean-spirited Internet commenters  that 's right , guys -- we see you !  , and at least one film critic . The New York Observer 's Rex Reed famously attacked McCarthy in his review of "  Identity Thief " this past February , calling her "  tractor-sized , " a "  female hippo , " and "  a gimmick comedian who has devoted her short career to being obese and obnoxious with equal success . " His comments quickly went viral , prompting online rage but no direct response from the comedian herself -- until now . The very mention of Reed 's remarks was enough to strip McCarthy of her normally sunny tone , according to a new profile in The New York Times . Her first reaction to the review was pure shock : "  Really ? Why would someone O.K. that ? " As somebody raising two daughters during a "  strange epidemic of body image and body dysmorphia , " the article felt particularly stinging to her . But ultimately , the star of the upcoming comedy "  The Heat " decided that it 's better to take the high road : "  I felt really bad for someone who is swimming in so much hate , " McCarthy told the Times . "  I just thought , that 's someone who 's in a really bad spot , and I am in such a happy spot . I laugh my head off every day with my husband and my kids who are mooning me and singing me songs . " The Times writes that McCarthy seemed to have more to say -- until she was rudely interrupted by a blaring fire alarm . "  I imagine that 's my publicist , " she told her interviewer with a laugh . "  The gods did n't want us discussing this . " Find the full interview here . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The plus-sized actress is responding to comments about her weight She told the New York Times her first reaction was shock Her new film "  The Heat " releases soon
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A 19-year-old prostitute working in an apartment that doubles as a brothel said she has up to eight clients a day . A woman awaits customers at a Beijing barber shop in 2008 . Sex workers also ply their trade in barber shops . Working in the southern boom city of Shenzhen , a special economic zone just north of Hong Kong , she told CNN she worries about getting AIDS , but has her own prevention measures . "  I always use condoms or take an injection . The medicine can prevent sexually transmitted diseases , " she said . "  Some girls do not use prevention measures , but we do n't talk about that in public . " This young woman , who would not give her name , is part of a group that Chinese and international health authorities are concerned could potentially spread HIV and AIDS in the world 's most populated country , so officials have stepped up efforts to educate them about the virus and dispel misconceptions about so-called "  injections " that can prevent infection . "  I think sex work is probably one of the most important factors for the potential of HIV spreading in Asia and also in China . There is no doubt about it , " said Bernhard Schwartlander , UNAIDS China Country Coordinator . "  One of the things that we have seen in China is that knowledge about HIV/AIDS is very low in the general population and certainly also in the sex work industry . That is a big , big problem , " Schwartlander said . It is estimated that some 700,000 people are living with HIV in China and there are about 50,000 new infections every year , according to the Chinese government and UNAIDS . The U.N. agency believes a significant number of those new infections include sex workers . Prostitution is officially illegal in China , but very loosely addressed by the government . It is estimated that there are between two and four million sex workers in China . As the country 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry , especially in prosperous cities like Shenzhen . Many clients flock there from Hong Kong which is just an hour away , some of them businessmen with money to spend . Condom use in China can range anywhere from about 20 percent to 80 percent , according to UNAIDS . "  There are misconceptions . People think that they can avoid HIV infections by taking a pill . People think that they are not at risk for HIV infections because they do n't know anybody  who has it  , because you ca n't see it , you ca n't touch it . And clearly , this is something that we have to change very rapidly , " Schwartlander said . Historically , HIV and AIDS have been taboo topics in China , another reason awareness can be so low . Prevention in the gay community has also been difficult because of traditional stigmas against homosexuality . But the Chinese government is now conducting educational campaigns to inform higher risk groups , including sex workers , about how to prevent the transmission of HIV . "  After years of these campaigns , we found out through survey that condom use is constantly increasing , especially in urban areas , the condom use can reach 70 percent or even up to 80 percent , " said Hao Yang , Deputy Bureau Chief of the Chinese Health Ministry 's Disease Prevention and Control Bureau . But other areas are proving difficult . In rural parts of the country , the proportion of condom use among sex workers is less than 50 percent , Hao said . "  When we go to investigate in rural areas , the proportion of people with this knowledge  of AIDS prevention  is still very low , " he said . "  In addition to that , the proportion of change in their activities is also very low , which means that the condom use rate is still low . " About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV , Schwartlander said . But in one part of Yunnan province in the country 's far southwest , seven percent of the sex workers -- or as many as 14 in every 200 -- have HIV , according to UNAIDS . "  The sex workers living in remote areas and rural areas have played an important role in AIDS spreading . We do not have a precise figure for the proportion that sex workers make up in it  the spread of AIDS  , but we can say that they are making up a significant proportion , " Hao said . The government has a long-term plan to educate the general public and to strengthen intervention in the high-risk populations , particularly sex workers , Hao said . When HIV initially began to spread in China , infections were concentrated among people who injected drugs , Schwartlander said . Campaigns among this group have been effective , while infections among other groups have risen . One of those groups , Hao said , was men having sex with men , which accounts for 5.9 percent of infections , according to the Chinese Health Ministry . A majority of the infections are concentrated among drug users , men having sex with men , and sex workers and their clients , Schwartlander said . "  Society and communities have been able to curb the spread of HIV , also in sex work , and that is what we have to do , " Schwartlander said . As China 's economy grows , it is likely the sex industry will as well . Current estimates show that some 30 to 50 million people are at significant risk for HIV infection , Schwartlander said . "  China is a society which is in quite a significant transition . There is a huge increase in disparity of income between the rich and the poor , and all these are very well-known factors that drive the sex industry forward , " Schwartlander said . "  Clearly , in China , I think that the sex industry is a rising industry . We will see an increase in the number of sex workers due to these factors in the future . " A 22-year-old prostitute in Shenzhen , who did not want to give her name , said she knows the risk but needs the work . "  AIDS is the number one killer for my job . I can not let this disease destroy my life . This is only a short-term business . I do n't have any relatives in Shenzhen and ca n't borrow any money . I can only rely on myself . "	Some people in China believe injections or a pill can prevent infection Some 700,000 people have HIV in China ; about 50,000 new infections yearly About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV As China 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry
Mashable  -- It 's official : the first official biography of Steve Jobs will be making its debut sometime in early 2012 . The book , "  iSteve : The Book of Jobs , " is being penned by Walter Isaacson , famed biographer and the former CEO of CNN and managing editor of Time . While very little is known about the contents of the book , Isaacson did manage to obtain unprecedented access to Apple , Steve Jobs and even Jobs ' family . Simon & Schuster will publish and distribute the book . Mashable : Steve Jobs action figure looks amazingly real This will be Isaacson 's fourth biography , following "  Kissinger : A Biography , " "  Benjamin Franklin : An American Life , " "  Einstein : His Life and Universe . " "  This is the perfect match of subject and author , and it is certain to be a landmark book about one of the world 's greatest innovators . Just as he did with Einstein and Benjamin Franklin , Walter Isaacson is telling a unique story of revolutionary genius , " Simon & Schuster Publisher Jonathan Karp said in a statement . Mashable : Apple vs Adobe : Steve Jobs responds Apple 's CEO is famously secretive about his personal life . Some of the details of his past have been unraveled in unauthorized biographies such as "  iCon : Steve Jobs " and "  The Second Coming of Steve Jobs , " but none of them paint a complete picture . Isaacson 's book should hopefully provide some concrete answers to unresolved questions about Jobs 's life , along with some new insights into how Jobs runs the world 's most valuable technology company .  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  iSteve : The Book of Jobs , " is being penned by Walter Isaacson Isaacson is a famed biographer and the former CEO of CNN Apple 's CEO is famously secretive about his personal life
CNN  -- Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo grabbed pole position for Sunday 's Malaysian MotoGP with a record-breaking lap in qualifying at the Sepang International Circuit on Saturday . The Yamaha rider clocked a time of two minutes 00.334 seconds towards the end of the one-hour qualifying session , breaking the circuit record  two minutes 00.518 seconds  set by Italy 's Valentino Rossi three seasons ago . "  I managed to set a new lap time in the last lap with new tyres . Pole position is a very good position but we need to set-up the bike -LSB- for Sunday -RSB- , " the Spaniard said . Gallery : Marco Simoncelli remembered His compatriot Dani Pedrosa will start Sunday 's race from second with Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso third . Reigning champion Casey Stoner from Australia finished fourth with Britain 's Cal Crutchlow one place further back . America 's Ben Spies took sixth place on the grid . Lorenzo is currently 28 points ahead of Honda 's Pedrosa who has closed the gap on the championship leader in recent weeks , winning four of the last five races . Casey Stoner , who returned to action last weekend after recovering from an ankle injury sustained at the Indianapolis MotoGP in August , is third in the overall standings 113 points behind Lorenzo .	Spain 's Jorge Lorenzo on pole for Sunday 's Malaysian MotoGP after flying lap at Sepang Circuit Nearest championship rival Dani Pedrosa will start race in second with Andrea Dovizioso third Lorenzo currently 28 points ahead of his compatriot with three races remaining
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Insurgents ' use of roadside bombs has increased dramatically in Afghanistan this year , according to Pentagon statistics , and the United States ' top military official is calling them the "  No. 1 threat " to troops there . An IED is exploded by U.S. Marines near the remote village of Baqwa , Afghanistan , in March . In June there were 736 incidents in Afghanistan involving roadside bombs , called improvised explosive devices or IEDs , and 82 "  effective attacks , " ones that caused casualties among coalition forces , the figures show . That was up from 263 incidents and 25 effective attacks in February , with the numbers increasing each month , said the Pentagon 's Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , an agency dedicated to thwarting roadside bombs . The number of coalition forces killed and wounded by such bombs has climbed , though not steadily , from 18 killed and 33 wounded in February to 23 killed and 166 wounded in June , the agency said . No numbers were provided for July , but such attacks have continued this month . In the latest , roadside bombs killed two NATO-led troops on Thursday , one in eastern Afghanistan and the other in southern Afghanistan . The military has called IEDs the weapon of choice for insurgents in that country . And at the National Press Club on Wednesday , Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in response to a reporter 's question that the biggest threat to coalition troops in Afghanistan is improvised explosive devices . Watch Adm. Mullen address efforts in Afghanistan " He noted that they "  have become more and more sophisticated over time " and that they are being combined with "  more and more sophisticated attacks from the Taliban , where they use IEDs as well as other tactics to inflict or to fight our troops . "	Pentagon agency : 82 incidents in June caused casualties among coalition troops Military has called IEDs the weapon of choice for insurgents in Afghanistan No numbers were provided for July , but such attacks have continued this month
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The fighting that erupted in Baghdad 's Sadr City last month has killed 925 people and wounded 2,605 , a top government official said Wednesday . Iraqis mourn outside the Sadr City hospital Wednesday after several people were killed in clashes . Most of the casualties consist of civilians and "  criminal elements attacked by us , " said Tahseen al-Sheikhly , a spokesman for the Baghdad security crackdown called Operation Enforcing the Law . Civilians are being caught in the crossfire because militants "  use the population to cover themselves , " al-Sheikhly said . The number of Iraqi civilians killed and wounded nationwide continued to increase during April . According to Iraq 's Interior Ministry , 969 civilians died and 1,750 were wounded during April . In March , the total was 923 civilians killed and 1,358 wounded -- a sharp increase over February , when 633 died and 701 were wounded . Despite Shiite militants ' calls for the Iraqi government to honor a cease-fire , al-Sheikhly said , the crackdown on insurgents will end when the insurgency ends . "  I do n't think there is a timetable for all this . I ca n't tell that this will end tomorrow or the day after , " he said . The attacks "  will end when those aspects of violence end . " He echoed sentiments expressed earlier in the day by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who said the government will not accept the existence of a nongovernment armed force . Word of the casualties came as the U.S. military said its highest death toll in seven months reflected an effort by Iraqi militants to reassert themselves after weeks of government crackdowns . Watch how civilians are dying in the urban fighting  graphic content  " Three U.S. soldiers in Iraq were killed Wednesday in two roadside bombings , the U.S. military said . The first incident occurred about 1 a.m. during a walking patrol in northern Baghdad , the military said . The other two died about 4:50 p.m. when an improvised explosive device detonated in southern Baghdad , the military said . Names of the soldiers were withheld pending notification of their relatives . Another U.S. soldier died Wednesday in a bombing in the northern Iraqi province of Ninevah , according to the military . The deaths bring the April death toll for the U.S. military to 50 , the highest monthly tally since September . Most of the deaths occurred in and around Baghdad , and most were combat-related . Since the war in Iraq began , in March 2003 , 4,062 U.S. service members have died . Over the past several weeks , militants have increased mortar and rocket attacks against civilian , government and military targets , said Gen. Kevin J. Bergner , spokesman for Multi-National Force-Iraq . "  These indirect fire attacks have killed some 40 people in Baghdad , with some 370 others injured , " he said . Troops "  are responding appropriately to these lethal attacks . As we do so , we use precision strikes and take precaution to limit the damage , " Bergner said . "  We have said all along this will be a tough fight . " A member of the American-backed militia Sons of Iraq was killed Wednesday , and four others -- three of them also Sons of Iraq members -- were wounded , when an improvised explosive device detonated near the town of Hawija , Iraq , the U.S. military said . The Sons of Iraq members were returning from a meeting when the explosion occurred , the military said . The wounded were taken to a hospital in Hawija , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  southwest of Kirkuk . U.S. and Iraqi troops have clashed with Shiite militants in Sadr City , a sprawling , crowded Shiite slum . Many of the militants are loyal to cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and his Mehdi Army militia . Much of the fighting has been between the Mehdi Army and U.S.-backed Iraqi security forces , which are dominated by a rival Shiite group , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . The fighting intensified March 25 , when the Iraqi government announced a crackdown on "  criminal elements " in Basra , a Shiite stronghold in southern Iraq . The fighting soon spread through southern Iraq 's Shiite heartland and into Shiite neighborhoods in the capital . There also has been violence in areas dominated by Sunnis , such as Nineveh and Anbar provinces . Skirmishes in Sadr City were aggravated this month when al-Sadr aide Sayyed Riyadh al-Nuri was shot outside his home in the Shiite holy city of Najaf . Al-Sadr suspended the activities of his militia in August . U.S. military commanders cited the suspension as a major reason for a decline in violence in Iraq . Another factor , commanders said , was last year 's troop escalation , dubbed the "  surge . " Al-Sadr issued a cease-fire for his followers March 30 . Fighting in Sadr City waned but remained intense , the U.S. military said . The cleric has intermittently appealed for calm and threatened to rescind his cease-fire order in recent weeks . Al-Maliki has threatened to boot al-Sadr 's supporters from parliament if the Mehdi Army does not stand down . An adviser to al-Maliki said this week that the government would halt its assault on militias if the groups hand in their weapons , turn in wanted militia members and refrain from interfering in the affairs of the Iraqi government and security forces . Al-Sadr has rejected the offer , saying al-Maliki has n't kept his end of the present cease-fire -- under which , the cleric 's supporters said , the Iraqi government would free nonconvicted prisoners belonging to the Sadrist movement and discontinue attacks on al-Sadr 's followers . Last week , al-Sadr threatened to wage "  open war " on U.S. troops if attacks do not cease . He issued a separate statement Friday to emphasize that his militia would target "  occupiers " and not Iraqis . In that statement , al-Sadr also said he would not accept the long-term agreement that the United States and Iraqi governments are crafting to replace the U.N. mandate for multinational forces in Iraq . The mandate expires in December . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 U.S. soldiers killed in 2 roadside bombs ; total U.S. death toll at 4,062 Government attacks on militants will stop when insurgency stops , official says Official : Civilians killed because militants "  use the population to cover themselves " Iraqi security forces , Shiite militants have been fighting in Sadr City for weeks
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  A siege that started with gunmen detonating a bomb and spraying bullets in a hotel in Somalia ended Saturday with at least 20 people dead , authorities said . Among the dead was a Somali-American woman , Fahia Bashir Nur , 45 , of Alexandria , Virginia , according to her uncle , Yusuf Kheire . He said Nur and her mother were dining in the hotel when the attack began . The mother lost an arm in the attack and was hospitalized . The attack , which lasted hours , began when gunmen raided the hotel in Mogadishu on Friday evening . Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari , Somalia 's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , was among those killed in the attack , the Somali government said . "  He will be remembered for his strong personal commitment to protecting and promoting human rights for all , " Nicholas Kay , special representative of the United Nations Secretary-General to Somalia , said of Bari-Bari . Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . The attack started about 5 p.m. local time when a car bomb exploded at the hotel 's entrance , according to witness Aden Hussein , who said he was nearby when the blast happened . Gunmen then stormed into the hotel and opened fire , Hussein said . They overpowered the hotel 's security guards , said police Capt. Ahmed Abdi , adding that the gunbattle between Somali special forces and the attackers lasted at least 17 hours . One of the attackers , who was wearing a belt with explosives , blew himself up inside the hotel , police Capt. Ahmed Abdi said . Some members of the terror group "  stormed into the first , second and third floors of the hotel where rooms are located and held several people hostage , " according to a statement from the African Union Commission in Somalia , a peacekeeping mission . The Makka Al Mukarama hotel , located along a highway leading to the country 's presidential palace , is popular with lawmakers , journalists , business people and Somalis returning home from abroad . Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud condemned the attack as a "  heinous and inhuman act " in an interview with state-run Radio Mogadishu during an official visit to Egypt . In a statement , Somali Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke said Al-Shabaab 's "  talk of ` legitimate targets ' and ` justification ' " exposes "  the sham logic behind their lust for terror . " "  These terrorists contradict Islam and betray Somalia , " he said . The injured , along with the bodies of the dead , could not be removed from the hotel until after the hours-long gunfight . More than 10 people , most of them Kenyan nationals who worked at the hotel , were rescued , police said . Al-Shabaab said it targeted the hotel because its guests are spies and government officials . The terror group has been active in Somalia for years . Initially , its goal was implementing a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia , by warring against the Somali government . It has since shifted its focus to launching terror attacks in Somalia and beyond . "  We reiterate again that there will be no safe haven for the crusaders and apostates in Somalia , and that our attacks on them will continue until the enemy of Allah  is  defeated and his law is implemented fully in Somalia , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote from Atlanta , and Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Merieme Arif and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Somali-American Fahia Bashir Nur of Virginia was killed in the attack , her uncle says Witness : Attackers detonate a car bomb , then shoot people inside hotel The hotel is popular with lawmakers , journalists and business people
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Two bodyguards in a convoy that was transporting Britain 's ambassador were wounded when it came under attack Monday in the eastern Libya city of Benghazi , a British Foreign Office spokesman in London told CNN . "  We can confirm that they are being medically treated , " the spokesman said . Ambassador Dominic Asquith was not hurt in the attack , the spokesman said . "  It was clearly involved in a serious incident , but we can not confirm if there was an RPG attack , but shots were fired , " the spokesman said . Libya 's state news agency LANA had reported that a rocket-propelled grenade slightly wounded a diplomat in the convoy . The attack occurred near the university , LANA reported , citing a spokesman for the Supreme Security Committee in Benghazi . A British Foreign Office spokesman said the attack took place in the afternoon . "  All staff are accounted for ; we are liaising closely with Libyan authorities , " he said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Two bodyguards wounded , British Foreign Office says Rocket-propelled grenade struck vehicle Monday afternoon , Libyan news agency reports "  All staff are accounted for , " British Foreign Office spokesman says
CNN  -- An explosion outside a police station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Saturday morning caused severe damage to the building , said the state news agency , LANA . No casualties were reported in the early morning attack , which shattered several weeks of relative calm for the city 's residents . Over the past year , Benghazi , the birthplace of Libya 's 2011 revolution , has been the scene of multiple attacks targeting security forces . Many of the attacks have been blamed on Islamist militants . On Friday evening , armed men attacked the headquarters of a government-affiliated militia in the city of Derna , about 120 miles  200 kilometers  east of Benghazi , killing one of its members , LANA reported . After the attack , a car bomb with more than 50 kilograms of explosives was found and defused , the news agency said . Western intelligence sources believe that Islamist militant groups some with links to al Qaeda are active in and around Derna . Earlier in the week , a car bomb carrying a large amount of explosives detonated outside the French Embassy in Tripoli , injuring two French security guards and a Libyan girl . There has been no claim of responsibility for Tuesday 's attack . After the French military intervention in Mali in January , there were fears militants could strike French interests in the region , including Libya , which has been struggling to impose security across the country since the 2011 revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi . Libyan officials said an investigation was under way to determine who carried out the attack on the embassy . The bomb also damaged surrounding buildings in a residential part of the capital . A team of French investigators has been in the Libyan capital collecting evidence and investigating the bombing . The French Embassy bombing followed a series of attacks last year that targeted foreign diplomatic missions and the International Committee of the Red Cross in Benghazi . The attacks are believed to have been the work of Islamist extremist groups with ties to al Qaeda . Last September , U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed in a militant attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi . After Tuesday 's bombing , the first targeting a foreign diplomatic mission in Tripoli , Libyan officials said security would be increased around such facilities . The high level of unease was evident when a bomb threat at a cultural event Friday evening led to its cancellation and the evacuation of the foreign diplomats in attendance . The Libya Movie Awards , an event organized by the European Union , the Italian Cultural Institute and the Libyan nongovernmental organization 1 Libya , was being held at a theater adjacent to the Radisson Blu Hotel in central Tripoli . In a news release on Saturday , organizers said they "  regret to announce the decision to postpone the First Edition of the Libya Movie Awards  LMA  in light of yesterday evening 's security threat . " The statement said the rest of the events scheduled for Saturday and Sunday have been postponed until further notice "  while insecurity persists " A management source at the Radisson Blu Hotel told CNN the hotel did not receive any threats and was functioning as normal on Saturday . A security official told the Libyan state news agency that security precautions were taken Friday after a member of the security forces guarding the hotel received a call from an unidentified person saying there was a car bomb in the vicinity . The official said security measures were taken immediately and the report appeared to be "  baseless . "	Explosion outside police station damages the building , reports state news agency Several attacks have been in Benghazi on security forces Benghazi is the birthplace of Libya 's 2011 revolution
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepalese authorities Thursday detained at least 650 Tibetan exiles protesting against China 's policies in the province ahead of this weekend 's Olympic torch relay in Tibet , security officials in Kathmandu said . A protester is grabbed by Nepalese police during a demonstration in Kathmandu . Police also arrested and charged three local Tibetan community leaders with organizing the protest , after seizing them from their homes Thursday morning . It is the largest single-day round-up of Tibetan protesters in Nepal since the demonstrations broke out in March following China 's bloody crackdown on protesters in Tibet . It is also the first time that Nepalese authorities have charged any Tibetan exiles in connection with the protests . Nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital . Tibetan exile groups said 900 protesters were detained Thursday . Authorities said the three arrested leaders -- two women and a man -- were responsible for the near-daily protests since March and will be held for 90 days under Nepal 's public security act . "  They have been arrested for damaging the diplomatic relations between Nepal and China , " said civilian security officer Jaya Mukunda Khanal . The two women arrested and charged for organizing the protests were Ngwang Sangmo , president of Tibetan Women 's Association , and Tashi Dolma , vice president of the association . Also charged was Kelsang Chung , director of the Tibetan Reception Center , which helps Tibetan refugees in Nepal emigrate to India , where the Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , lives in exile . While they are the first Tibetan exiles formally arrested , protesters have previously been detained and released hours later . The crackdown comes days before the Olympic torch relay in Tibet . The torch relay wrapped up in China 's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region on Wednesday , and will continue in Tibet 's capital of Lhasa on Saturday , according to China 's Olympic Web site .	Nepalese authorities arrest at least 650 Tibetan exiles over China protest Police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans Protestors voice opposition to China 's policies in Tibet
Washington  CNN  -- Amid anger and frustration on both sides of the aisle , the Senate is set to take up a bill to help people with disabilities , displaying some rare bipartisanship before the 113th Congress is adjourned . Eight years after the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act was first introduced by Republican Rep. Anders Crenshaw of Florida , these individuals will soon be able to create tax-free bank accounts to amass assets in their own name , something current law strongly discourages . "  What we 're doing is really helping them help themselves , " Anders said in a press conference Thursday . "  We will open the door to a brighter future to so many people -- so many people in America that live everyday with disabilities . " Congressmen from both side of the aisle touted its passage , saying that this gives the targeted people economic freedom to save and live independently if desired . Families and friends will now be able to give money to their loved ones without fear of it being purged by service agencies that may help them with their daily lives . "  We believe that individuals across this country with disabilities have a lot of ability , " said Democratic Sen. Bob Casey , who is shepherding the bill in the upper chamber . "  And we believe that we have an obligation to do everything we can to give them tools that they need to live a full life . " The idea stemmed from Stephen Beck of Pennsylvania , whose daughter , Natalie , was born with Down syndrome . He lobbied Anders and many other members of Congress to take up his cause for most of the last decade . "  We decided that we would name this legislation after him , to honor him and all of the people that worked so hard all these years to make this dream a reality , " Anders said . When the House took up the bill last Wednesday , it had 380 members signed on as co-sponsors . The bill passed with 404 votes . Beck , who reportedly cheered quite loudly after the vote from the gallery of the House . Beck died suddenly just this week of a heart attack Anders took to the floor again afterwards to rename the bill as The Stephen Beck , Jr. . Achieving a Better Life Experience Act of 2014 , which passed unanimously . For many members of Congress though , this is not just an intangible idea to legislate . It 's very personal . Republican Rep. Cathy McMorris-Rodgers of Washington 's son , Cole , was diagnosed with Down syndrome just three days after he was born . While going over the list of potential medical complications to be aware of , she was also given the financial advice many other parents are given after this diagnosis -- do n't save money in Cole 's name . "  I was like , hmm , seems like that 's sending the wrong message to a new parent who is excited , ready to save , ready to sacrifice , so this child can have an opportunity for a better life , " she told CNN 's Dana Bash . "  We incentivize savings for retirement , for health care , for education -- it only makes sense that those children with disabilities would also have that same opportunity . " Cole joined the congresswoman on the House floor during its passage . Democratic Sen. Amy Klobachar 's daughter spurred into action while her daughter was fed through a feeding tube for almost all of the first two years of her life . "  I was able to see life through the eyes of a parent with a child with a disability , even though she did n't end up having one , " she said reflecting on her time living with this and her subsequent involvement in the disabilities community . "  You can see the struggles they go through every single day ... I think every member of Congress knows someone that has been through something like this . " Alex Sessions , the Eagle Scout son of Republican Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas , is a young adult with Down syndrome and is learning how to contribute on his own . When his father told him the bill passed , he smiled and said his favorite word . " ` Can . ' His ` can . ' And ` thank you ' , " the congressman emotionally recalled . "  He will recognize the real difference because he wants to live independent . " "  To a disabled person , this is like what might be the glass ceiling -- where they have been looking at opportunities not to be excluded , and not to be treated differently , but to be treated just like everybody else , " he said . "  To have a 529 savings account . To have , as in Alex 's case , where his grandfather , if he wrote a check to all the grandkids but excluded Alex , for fear of losing what might be a government benefit at some point . " As the bill heads to the Senate and possibly the White House , advocates on both sides of the aisle hope this trend will continue . "  There are still people of good will that want to work together to get things done , " Klobuchar said . "  I just think it 's a great example , with the holidays coming upon us , of a spirit that I hope to see carried on into the New Year , " McMorris-Rodgers added .	Legislation regarding people with disabilities has bipartisan backing in both chambers It allows people with disabilities to creat tax-free bank accounts The bill passed the House with 404 votes and now goes to the Senate
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Four men behind a Swedish file-sharing Web site used by millions to exchange movies and music have been found guilty of collaborating to violate copyright law in a landmark court verdict in Stockholm . A Pirate Bay server , confiscated by police last year , on display in Stockholm 's Technical Museum . The four defendants -- Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi and Carl Lundstrom , three founders and one patron of The Pirate Bay -- were sentenced to one year in jail and also ordered to pay 30 million kronor  $ 3.6 million  in damages to several major media companies including Warner Brothers , Columbia , Twentieth Century Fox , Sony BMG and EMI . The defendants are free without restrictions while they appeal the judgment . The Pirate Bay allows users to exchange files including movies , music , games and software , but does not host the files itself . It claims more than 3.5 million registered users . The court case , which involved both a criminal case and a civil claim brought by the media companies , marks a key victory for anti-piracy campaigners , who had long targeted the Web site . Should the perpetrators of Internet piracy be punished ? Have your say The year-long prison terms are for violating Swedish law , while the damages are compensation to the media giants in the civil case -- though the court ordered the men to pay just one-third of the 110 million kronor  $ 13 million  which the companies had asked for . Friday 's verdict did not include an order to shut down The Pirate Bay site . Its owners have consistently shrugged off legal threats and police raids , posting letters from entertainment industry lawyers on their Web site with mocking responses . When Dreamworks studio demanded that the site act over file-sharing of Dreamworks ' movie "  Shrek 2 , " The Pirate Bay threatened to sue for harassment and lodge a formal complaint "  for sending frivolous legal threats . " "  It is the opinion of us and our lawyers that you are ... morons , " the response continued , suggesting that studio representatives perform a sexual act . The response closed with an obscenity . Site owners dismissed the effects of a police raid in 2006 , saying the site had been down longer on other occasions due to illness or drunkenness than when "  the U.S. and Swedish government forces the police to steal our servers ... yawn . " But Magnus Eriksson , who in 2003 co-founded the "  loosely formed group of theorists , artists and programmers " that spawned The Pirate Bay , says there are serious issues at stake . He does not think copyrighted material should be free for everyone , "  but that it already is . " "  The control over what people communicate is lost and we have to adapt to this new state of things , " he said via e-mail . "  To monitor all communications , fight all new digital technologies and spread a culture of fear in what should be a free and open communication network is not a desirable option . " Entertainment companies claim The Pirate Bay has hurt their box office profits , part of an annual loss the Motion Picture Association of America claims to be about $ 6 billion a year worldwide . "  Hollywood studios are businesses . They 're there to make money , " said association lawyer Thomas Dillon . "  It costs $ 100 million to make a feature film , so of course they 're quite keen to get some back . So I do n't accept this argument that there 's some benefit to culture in allowing people to make copies of commercial films and getting them for free . " Monique Wadsted , a Swedish lawyer for the MPAA , said The Pirate Bay was also harming individual artists . A victory for the entertainment companies "  will , of course , be for all authors all around the world , some kind of redress ... because what is going on now is actually a plundering of the author 's works , " she said via e-mail . "  If some authors find it good to market their products using file-sharing or whatever , they are free to do that , " she added . "  But that is not what is happening at the moment . What 's happening at the moment is that authors ' and rights holders ' works are file-shared against their will and that is not acceptable . " She argued that The Pirate Bay "  is specifically tailored for copyright infringement . " The prosecution claims the site provides a search engine that helps people find and download copyrighted material including movies , music and games -- in effect , enabling copyright theft . The site 's supporters say they 're doing nothing wrong under Swedish law because the site does n't actually put the copyrighted material on the Web site . Internet piracy and illegal downloading from peer-to-peer systems are some of the biggest piracy problems in Europe , the MPAA argues . Internet piracy is growing at a faster rate in Europe than anywhere else in the world , the MPAA says , because of increased broadband use , weak laws , and lenient public perceptions . Sweden 's official efforts to battle online piracy have been weak , the MPAA says . Eriksson , the co-founder of the group that led to The Pirate Bay , says the MPAA 's argument that file-sharing hurts movie studio revenues is "  nonsense . " "  Cinema is doing better than ever , " he said by e-mail . "  They only claim this because they calculate losses by looking at the number of downloads and imagining that all of them would have been a purchase if they had n't been downloaded first . " Eriksson said what was at stake in the Swedish courtroom was the future of the Internet itself . "  The Internet revolution meant that we created a global network where any digital entity could connect and exchange information with any other , " he said . "  Anti-piracy efforts must be seen in the light of a counter-revolution against this that goes all the way to the very infrastructure of the net . " He suggested that even if The Pirate Bay is convicted of facilitating making works public through its indexing service , which he does not expect , Internet piracy will not stop . "  The prosecution ca n't understand that The Pirate Bay is just one stratification of a social and technological change that is decentralized , " he said . "  Piracy does not have a head that you can cut off , and The Pirate Bay is just a technology allowing communication , a part of the Internet infrastructure . " CNN 's Neil Curry in Stockholm , Sweden , and Mairi Mackay in London , England , contributed to this report .	Four men sentenced to a year , fined $ 3.6 M in Sweden over file-sharing Web site Prosecutors said The Pirate Bay lets users download copyrighted material Site allows users to exchange movies , music , games , but does not host the files Supporters said The Pirate Bay does n't put copyrighted material on Web site
Washington  CNN  -- Counterterrorism drone strikes have killed four Americans overseas since 2009 , the U.S. government acknowledged for the first time on Wednesday , one day before President Barack Obama delivers a major speech on related policy . In a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , Attorney General Eric Holder said the United States specifically targeted and killed one American citizen , al Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , in 2011 in Yemen , alleging he was plotting attacks against the United States . The letter provided new details about al-Awlaki 's alleged involvement in bomb plots targeting U.S. aviation . Holder also said the Obama administration was aware of three other Americans who had been killed in counterterrorism operations overseas . Holder said Samir Kahn , Abdul Rahman Anwar al-Awlaki and Jude Kenan Mohammed were not targeted by the United States but he did not add more details about their deaths . The letter represents the first U.S. admission that the four were killed in counterterror strikes even though their deaths had been reported in the media . Read Holder 's letter Abdul Rahman Anwar Al-Awlaki was the 16-year-old son of the al Qaeda cleric and was killed in Pakistan about two weeks after his father 's death . Khan produced the English-language magazine Inspire for al Qaeda 's affiliate in the Arabian Peninsula , which included bomb-making instruction . He was killed alongside the elder al-Awlaki . Mohammed , who was once on the FBI 's Most Wanted list , was indicted in July 2009 as part of a North Carolina-based terror ring . He was charged with plotting to murder , kidnap or maim persons overseas and provide material support to terrorists . Mohammed was never arrested and for a time reportedly was living in Pakistan . The Justice Department did not say when he was killed or provide any details . Obama will deliver long-promised remarks on Thursday at National Defense University and will speak at length about the policy and legal rationale for how the United States takes action against al Qaeda and its affiliates , including the use of drones , according to a White House official . Obama will discuss the administration 's rationale for why those strikes are legal and necessary , the official said . Targeting Americans with lethal force in counterterror operations overseas was a controversy that flared publicly during confirmation hearings for CIA Director John Brennan earlier this year . Senators aggressively sought the administration 's legal reasoning for those operations . By the numbers : Drones Some lawmakers were critical of the practice and questions were raised about whether drones might ever be used against U.S. citizens suspected of terrorism who were on American soil . Holder said Obama directed him to release the latest details , which had been classified "  until now . " He said the unprecedented disclosure was made as a way to build on Obama 's commitment in his State of the Union Address earlier this year to "  continue to engage " with Congress on counterterror efforts and to "  ensure that they remain consistent with our laws and values . " Holder noted in one of his own speeches last year he had made it clear the United States would only use lethal force against an American citizen "  who is a senior operational leader of al Qaeda or its associated forces , and who is actively engaged in planning to kill Americans . " He also said no American would be targeted unless he or she posed an imminent threat and could not be captured . The senior al-Awlaki was believed by U.S. authorities to have inspired acts of terrorism against the United States . It was said his facility with English and technology made him one of the top terrorist recruiters in the world . He was considered the public face of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . But Holder said in his letter that it "  was not his words that led the United States to act against him " but his "  direct personal involvement " in the "  planning and execution " of terror attacks against the United States that "  made him a lawful target . " Opinion : 9 myths about drones and Gitmo For instance , Holder said al-Awlaki "  planned a suicide operation " for Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner . Holder noted al-Awlaki directed Abdulmutallab to detonate his bomb , which was hidden in his underwear , only when the jet was over U.S. soil . The plot that ultimately involved a Delta Air Lines flight bound for Detroit on Christmas Day in 2009 failed . The letter also provided new details about al-Awlaki 's alleged involvement in a 2010 plot to blow up U.S.-bound cargo planes with explosives hidden in printers . Holder said al-Awlaki was so involved he even participated in the development and testing of the explosives used in the plan that was foiled . Calling the decision to use lethal force "  one of the gravest our government " can face , " Holder said the operation targeting al-Awlaki received "  exceptionally rigorous " legal review and additional policy screening by the administration . Congress was also briefed on the possibility of targeting the al Qaeda figure and informed once the decision was made in 2010 . In his letter Holder said Obama approved a policy document this week that "  institutionalizes the administration 's exacting standards and processes for reviewing and approving operations to capture or use lethal force against terrorist targets outside the United States and areas of active hostilities . " Obama focuses on drones , Gitmo CNN 's Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Attorney General Eric Holder acknowledges toll in letter to Senate chairman Latest disclosure was classified until now ; Obama asked Holder to release info Admission comes one day before President Obama delivers speech on terror policy NEW : Holder letter reveals details on alleged bomb plots involving U.S. aviation
CNN  -- Poor Rick Santorum . He is very frustrated and apparently now a bit nauseous . The "  liberal elite " media are getting under his skin with their incessant questions about his views on social issues such as same-sex marriage , abortion and birth control .  Santorum 's opposition to birth control seems a bit disingenuous since he loves to wear a sweater vest -- which I view as a form of birth control . This frustration was bad enough , but his emotional state recently took a turn for the worse . On Sunday , Santorum reiterated that he "  almost threw up " after reading John F. Kennedy 's famous 1960 speech that declared a president 's religious views were private and should not be "  imposed by him upon the nation . " It appears that Santorum is an irritated , woozy wreck of a presidential candidate . Maybe that is why this week he requested Secret Service protection .  My question is : Who is going to protect us from Santorum ? The joking and nausea aside , I ca n't comprehend how Santorum could be distraught when the media inquire about topics he raised ? Is he confused about how this whole running for president thing works ? Or does he not understand the words coming out of his mouth ? Santorum was so distressed by the "  liberal " media that he took off time from campaigning last week in Michigan and Arizona and headed to Dallas seeking refuge with the least liberal elitist media person he could find : Glenn Beck . There , Beck and Santorum sat on couches directly across from each other , making it look less like a political interview and more like a session with "  Dr. Phil . " It was n't long before Santorum opened up to "  Dr. Glenn " about his feelings regarding the "  bad " media : "  They ask the question , ` Why are you always talking about contraception ? ' I said , ` Because that 's all you want to ask me about . ' I mean , it is frustrating . ... You can get a little frustrated . " I was hoping Beck would offer Santorum one of Dr. Phil 's famed lines of advice such as : "  No dog ever peed on a moving car . " Despite all Santorum 's talk that our nation 's and God 's laws must agree and that biblical truths are the basis for his views on social issues such as same-sex marriage , he assured us during last week 's CNN debate in Arizona that he does not intend to transform his religious beliefs into public policy : "  Just because I 'm talking about it does n't mean I want a government program to fix it . " Sorry , you ca n't have it both ways . You ca n't try to win conservative voters by telling them that the Bible -- not our Constitution -- is the standard our laws must agree with and then try to assure mainstream Americans that you do n't mean it . In the words of Dr. Phil : "  That dog do n't hunt . " Santorum needs to come clean with the American people . Is his allegiance to the Bible or the Constitution ? Will he publicly recognize there is a separation of church and state in America ? Does he believe the United States does not have an official religion ? Kennedy -- a Roman Catholic like Santorum -- was dogged by these same issues when he was running for president . Kennedy addressed this matter head-on in that 1960 speech to a group of Protestant ministers : "  I am the Democratic Party 's candidate for president who happens also to be a Catholic . ... I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute . " To say Rick Santorum is no John Kennedy is too easy . It 's like comparing Justin Bieber to the Beatles . But Santorum has a chance to follow Kennedy 's example despite his feeling that the 35th president 's sentiments in that speech almost made him want to "  throw up . " To be honest , however , even if Santorum would make such a speech , it would be more challenging for him to put this issue behind him than it was for Kennedy . After all , it was not Kennedy who raised these issues but his opponents , who claimed that he would be more loyal to the pope and Catholic law than the Constitution . In contrast , Santorum intentionally made these subjects a central theme in his campaign , often sounding less like a person running to be the leader of a democratic nation and more like someone seeking the position of pastor or the leader of a province in Afghanistan . I believe most Americans -- including myself -- suspect that a president 's faith could color his decisions on some level. But I hope that most Americans would , too , agree that a president 's religious beliefs should be subservient to our Constitution . Even Ronald Reagan stated clearly that : "  Church and state are , and must remain , separate . " We now need to hear that from Santorum . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Rick Santorum annoyed the media ask for his stance on social issues Obeidallah : But does n't he get how running for president works if he raises those issues ? Santorum says he almost threw up at John Kennedy 's stand on separation of church and state Obeidallah : Santorum must clarify he will not put religion over Constitution
CNN  -- The press has turned on President Obama with a vengeance . Suddenly , the White House briefing room is filled with confrontational questions . Suddenly , the news pages are ablaze with scandal , and the commentators -- even some of the president 's usual defenders -- are bemoaning his shortcomings . Suddenly , Obama is n't getting the benefit of the doubt . According to Obama 's longtime detractors , the denizens of the fourth estate are finally climbing out of a tank in which they have been immersed since roughly 2007 . But the reality is a bit more nuanced than that . There are a number of unsavory allegations swirling around Washington , but do not underestimate the importance of the Justice Department seizing two months of Associated Press phone records without so much as a heads-up . This not only seems like a case of prosecutorial overreach , even in a case involving national security , it strikes at the heart of what journalists do -- and has fostered feelings of betrayal . Does the administration not understand the chilling effect on reporters and their sources , they wonder , or simply not care ? It 's easy to say that news organizations recoiled from Obama only when their own special interests were threatened , and maybe there 's some truth to that . But the media also have a deep , abiding love for scandal , and beyond the AP phone records story , the administration is lately providing that scandal in spades . The battle over Benghazi has mostly divided along partisan lines , with conservatives seeing a sustained coverup and liberals perceiving a partisan attack on what was a bungled operation and confused aftermath . But the report by ABC 's Jonathan Karl alleging the scrubbing of the Susan Rice talking points  following a less-noticed report by Stephen Hayes of the Weekly Standard  transformed the tone of the coverage in a single stroke . The Karl report turned out to be based on an inaccurate , misleading characterization of an email , but for the first time , many journalists came to believe the administration had something to hide $ " and that they had been personally misled in press briefings . That is guaranteed to get the blood flowing . The disclosure that the IRS selectively targeted conservative groups for review brought immediate condemnation from many across the media spectrum , including Carl Bernstein , who investigated the Nixonian abuses , of which this story carries an unmistakable echo . And it is the trifecta of these scandalous sagas that will dominate coverage for months as media outlets feast on the cycle of investigations , hearings , subpoenas , resignations and denials . Any doubt that scandal trumps ideology in the media firmament can be dispelled with a glance back at Bill Clinton 's tenure , when what he called the "  knee-jerk liberal press " investigated Monica Lewinsky , Whitewater and other allegations with a fervor that eventually put it on a virtual war footing against the White House . More troubling for the current crew is that news outlets are starting to pivot to broader questions about whether Obama is competent at the business of government or a passive bystander in his own administration . That impression , if it takes hold , can not be Etch-a-Sketched away . To be sure , some of Obama 's antagonists will overreach by framing every scandal as the next Watergate and each revelation as an impeachable offense . That may trigger a counter-reaction in which some of the president 's liberal allies shift their focus from the administration 's missteps to the opposition 's overkill . Some in the media rolled over for Barack Obama in the 2008 campaign , though the record was decidedly more mixed once he took office . But personal feelings toward this president who has never courted the press no longer matter ; nor do personal predilections on gun control and immigration reform . The scandal machinery has kicked into high gear , and its sheer noise may drown out everything else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : AP phone records search , other stories have turned press on Obama He says attention is n't just out of press self-interest ; Obama 's stuck in number of scandals He says that for the first time , press started to think Obama misled them Kurtz : GOP may overreach to damage Obama ; still , scandal could drown out governing
CNN  -- The saga of Jack the cat , the lost pet that roamed New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport for weeks before being found last month , has an unhappy ending . The feline had to be euthanized Sunday evening , American Airlines announced on Facebook , where the cat 's plight has attracted thousands of followers . "  We are deeply saddened that Jack the cat has passed away , and we offer profound sympathy to Jack 's owner , Karen Pascoe , for her loss , " the airline wrote . "  From all of us at American , our sincere apologies to Karen and Jack 's family and friends . " It was less than two weeks ago the airline announced that Jack had turned up in Kennedy 's customs room after being missing for two months . The carrier originally described him as "  well , " but a health check revealed a number of problems . "  Jack had extensive wounds on the back of his body , and the wounds were unable to heal because his skin had deteriorated due to the malnutrition that occurred while he was lost , " said Pascoe 's friends in a post on "  Jack The Cat is Lost in AA Baggage at JFK , " the Facebook page devoted to the cat , which has more than 24,000 followers . "  Jack had been through so much , and the last thing anyone wanted was for him to suffer more . " The saga started August 25 when Pascoe was flying from New York to San Francisco with Jack and a second cat as part of a job relocation . But Jack escaped his kennel and was last seen at Kennedy 's inbound baggage claim . A Department of Transportation Pet Incident Report released last month explains how it happened : A clerk placed one kennel on top of another on a baggage cart and the kennel on top fell . The impact "  caused the kennel to separate , " allowing the cat to escape . When a search failed to turn up Jack after a few days , Pascoe became frustrated with American and started the Facebook page "  to help us put pressure on AA to step up their efforts . " She also urged fliers to "  do whatever they can do to keep their animals out of cargo . " The airline said it did everything it could to find Jack . While the cat was missing , workers placed food and water around the airport and set up humane traps . American even hired a pet detective and issued a pet Amber Alert in hopes of locating the feline . When Jack was found , the airline promised to cover his veterinary bills . The cat 's owner hopes Jack 's death will spur improvements in how airlines transport pets "  so that no one else ever has to go through this again , " her supporters wrote on Facebook .	Jack , the lost cat who roamed an airport for two months , has been euthanized The feline was found at John F. Kennedy International Airport 's customs room last month A health check revealed a number of problems after the cat was discovered
CNN  -- Dale Earnhardt Jr. won the Daytona 500 on Sunday night in a race delayed six hours because of weather . He crossed the finish line about 11:30 p.m. , giving him his first Daytona win since 2004 . The track has special meaning for Earnhardt because his father , the legendary Dale Earnhardt , was killed in a wreck during the 2001 race . The race was stopped around 2 p.m. when rain forced drivers to pit road . The 150,000 fans were told to evacuate the grandstands and take necessary precautions after weather radar indicated conditions were favorable for an imminent tornado . The rains came and went , crews worked to dry the track , and full-speed racing resumed just before 9 p.m. . During the delay , fans tuning in on Fox Sports were shown a replay of last year 's race , causing some confusion . Jimmie Johnson won in 2013 , edging out Earnhardt and a host of others down the stretch . "  I hear I won the #Daytona500 ? Haha ! I also have friends confused and texting congratulations to me , " he posted on his Twitter account . Bleacher Report : Confusion rains down on Twitter , Fox News Fox News also apologized Sunday for erroneously reporting on its Facebook page that Johnson had won this year 's race . "  We sincerely apologize to our viewers and readers for this inaccurate report , " the network said . After the midafternoon storm , the National Weather Service in Melbourne , Florida , later canceled the tornado warning for parts of Volusia County , including the area around the Daytona International Speedway . "  The safety of our race fans is always a primary concern . We have a detailed plan in place to monitor weather and if necessary , communicate to our fans , " said Lenny Santiago , spokesman at Daytona International Speedway . Earnhardt won his first race in 55 tries going back to 2012 . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Fox News apologizes for erroneously reporting this year 's winner Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins race , Denny Hamlin finished second Fox Sports showed a replay of last year 's race , causing some confusion NASCAR officials told fans to leave the stands because of the potential for a tornado
CNN  -- Singer Fiona Apple 's recent decision to cancel a tour to care for her dying dog , Janet , brought an outpouring of support from dog owners who could relate all too well to the need to honor their beloved companions until the very end . As CNN 's Kat Kinsman recently wrote in a tribute to her late Irish Wolfhound , Mordred : "  Dogs express their love and trust in many ways -- some lap at your face , knock you down with kisses as you come home , leave a half-dead animal on your pillow , or sit on your lap and sigh with contentment . The large and stoic ones tend to lean . It 's a hug . It 's the best feeling in the universe . " We saw a well of sympathy in response to Kinsman 's story , like from the commenter who said , "  My doggies never hold grudges , shun me , argue with me , they give love , laughter , constancy and protection . How can one not love and honor such behavior ? That means returning the favor no matter what that takes . " After reading the comments on Kinsman 's essay , CNN iReport decided to invite dog owners to share their stories about the animals they loved and lost . The assignment turned into a wake of sorts for owners -- many for whom the loss was still fresh -- to share their best times with their furry pals and their last moments together . "  The love of an animal is something you ca n't define or even describe . No judgement , no questions , no pity ; just love and cuddles and slobbery kisses , and the occasional ` woo ' with a fire siren at 3 a.m , " Kelly Robinson said in her tribute to her golden retriever , Daisy , who died in April . Scroll through the gallery to read some of the tributes , and visit iReport.com to read the stories in full and share your own . A warning : Keep the tissues handy !	Singer Fiona Apple recently canceled a tour to stay home with her dying dog CNN.com readers understand her decision after enduring their own dogs ' deaths They shared tributes on iReport.com to dogs they loved and lost
CNN  -- Mitt Romney has won the New Hampshire primary . That much was clear as soon as the polls closed Tuesday night . It took a little while longer to sort out exactly where the other candidates finished behind him , but that barely matters . Regardless of the other candidates ' performances in New Hampshire or even what happens in the South Carolina primary next week , Mitt Romney is extremely likely to be the Republican nominee . How can we know this so early , after only one primary election and the Iowa caucus ? The dominant political science explanation of the presidential nominating process is contained in the book , "  The Party Decides " by Marty Cohen , David Karol , Hans Noel , and John Zaller . They point out that candidates need support from their party 's politicians and activists across the country . From 1980 to the present , no candidate who significantly trailed in party endorsements has won the nomination . A few candidates have been nominated in years when no candidate took an early endorsement lead . These include Mike Dukakis in 1988 and Barack Obama in 2008 . But no candidate has succeeded when significantly trailing by that measure . There are reasons to believe that this pattern is not a coincidence . Your party 's politicians and activists can help you organize and raise money as you hopscotch to primaries and caucuses across the country . On top of this is the effect of national media figures on TV , radio and the Internet closing ranks around the candidate most leaders in their party support . We got an excellent example of this in December when Newt Gingrich opened up a fairly large lead in Iowa and national polls . Romney 's supporters used his fundraising advantage to pummel  through a sympathetic super-PAC  Gingrich with negative ads . On top of this , Republican pundits almost universally condemned Gingrich . As Ben Smith of Politico noticed , on December 14 , just about all columnists on the Washington Post op-ed page , regardless of their ideologies , criticized Gingrich . On his morning show on MSNBC , former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough , who served with Gingrich in the 1990s , called him a "  bad person " who "  will destroy our party . " This would continue if someone like Gingrich had initial success in the primaries and caucuses . As chronicled by Nate Silver , Mitt Romney now has a big lead in Republican Party endorsements , giving him a huge advantage moving forward . Through the end of November , Romney had 55 % of all Republican endorsements and his share has only increased in December and after his slim victory over Santorum in Iowa . The only other person with a non-trivial number of endorsements is Texas Gov. Rick Perry . Consequently , Perry remains the only candidate who could somewhat plausibly challenge Romney in a drawn out fight for the nomination . How did this happen ? How did a candidate who relatively recently supported abortion and gay rights , and who as governor passed a health reform bill remarkably similar to the president 's , manage to lock up the Republican establishment 's support ? It was n't inevitable . The most plausible alternatives were former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Perry . Pawlenty likely miscalculated by dropping out after weak performances in debates and in the Iowa straw poll . Pawlenty 's campaign was low on cash . But many Republican endorsers were late in deciding to go with Romney . If Pawlenty had laid off campaign staff but stayed in the race , he might have benefited from a late surge in endorsements and in the polls .  Pawlenty 's mediocre debating performances would have evoked Cicero in comparison to Perry . Which brings us to the second candidate who could have won support from Republican elites : Perry . Right after he announced , it appeared that he might be able to match or even surpass Romney in establishment backing . But he has been hurt by his extremely weak campaign skills , including disastrous performances in debates and on the stump . In Republican eyes , he may be a reliable conservative , but he appears to be someone incapable of running a competent campaign against Barack Obama . Still , Perry remains the only candidate besides Romney with nontrivial support from Republican elites . If he could somehow manage to run a respectable campaign and win a substantial number of votes in South Carolina , he would be Romney 's only halfway plausible threat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Ladd .	Jonathan Ladd : It 's a good bet that Mitt Romney will win the GOP nomination He says we can make that judgment based on his support among party insiders Candidates with the endorsement of party elites have typically won the nomination Ladd : The only candidate who even approaches Romney 's party endorsements is Perry
CNN  Pope Francis has reassigned a conservative American cardinal from a key post to one that is mostly symbolic . Cardinal Raymond Burke , a leading conservative , has been vocal in his criticism of the direction the Pope is leading the Catholic Church in . Burke was one of the highest ranking Americans in the church hierarchy in his position on the Vatican 's supreme court . But he was reassigned to the position of Patron of the Order of Malta , the Vatican announced on Saturday . The National Catholic Reporter points out that Burke 's new post is a job that "  has almost no responsibilities . " The Vatican did not give a reason for the demotion . Hard to change the Catholic Church , even if you 're the Pope The change , however , was not unexpected . Last month , Burke himself said he had been ousted from the Vatican 's high court . Burke has been outspoken about his opposition to Pope Francis ' move toward more openness and inclusiveness of gays and lesbians . "  The Pope is not free to change the church 's teachings with regard to the immorality of homosexual acts or the insolubility of marriage or any other doctrine of the faith , " Burke told Buzzfeed recently . When a recent draft report included a call for the church to be more welcoming to gays , Burke said the report "  lacks a solid foundation in the sacred Scriptures . " Subsequently , some of the language on the "  gifts and qualities " that gay people can bring to the church was removed from the report . The Pope has appointed moderates in several big dioceses , including in Chicago earlier this fall , and he 's removed some archconservatives from their posts . CNN 's Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	The Vatican announced a new assignment for American cardinal Raymond Burke Burke had a post on the Vatican 's supreme court Now he is in a position with little responsibility Burke has been outspoken about the direction the church is heading
CNN  -- Israel launched airstrikes on weapons facilities in Gaza in response to what Israel claimed were two rockets fired against it from the Palestinian territory , the Israeli military said Thursday . The two Gaza rockets were fired several hours apart Thursday against the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council , where 13,500 residents live , the military said . Israeli aircraft scored direct hits on a "  terror infrastructure " in Gaza , a weapons manufacturing facility in central Gaza and a weapons storage facility in northern Gaza , the military said . The Israeli military blamed Hamas , which controls Gaza , for the rocket fire . Thursday 's exchange of fire marked another uneasy moment in cease-fire arrangements between Israel and Gaza that were brokered last year when the two sides engaged in eight days of round-the-clock warfare , killing more than 160 Palestinians and six Israelis . "  The manufacturing of rockets in Gaza has no other purpose except to target Israel and its sovereignty putting thousands of lives at risk , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said in a statement . "  We will not tolerate daily aggression from the Hamas ruled territory and are morally obligated to act against those threatening our communities , our towns and our cities . "	Two rockets from Gaza are fired upon Israel , military says Israel launches airstrikes on Gaza , targeting two weapon facilities Israel blames Hamas , which controls Gaza , for the rocket fire
CNN  -- Firefighters were battling a gas line or gas-fueled blaze Thursday evening that engulfed dozens of homes and sent bright flames and huge plumes of smoke shooting hundreds of feet into the air in a neighborhood in San Bruno , California , emergency management officials said . "  The flames are being fueled by something , " said Kelly Huston of California Emergency Management . "  There was a loud explosion being reported by witness and just dozens of homes on fire " He said there were some injured and walking wounded after the fire , which started around 7 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  . "  Crews are just trying to assess how many injuries they have there and what they 're going to do to contain the flames , " Huston said . Investigators were still trying to determine what caused the fire . "  It was a gas station explosion , or a pipeline close to a gas station , " said Jay Alan , a spokesman for California Emergency Management , citing informationg from the San Bruno Police Department . Authorities are worried about winds that could spread the fire and embers that are falling on adjacent houses , he said . Helicopters were dropping retardant on homes to try to stop the fire 's spread . They are still assessing the area and trying to determine how many people are injured , he said . "  It 's still very much an unfolding incident as we speak , " he said . CNN affiliate KGO reported that people as far as a half-mile away said they felt the boom and heat of the explosion . An evacuation center has been set up and the Red Cross is heading to the scene to provide aid to residents , KGO said . Church of Highlands Staff Pastor Leigh Bishop told CNN he witnessed a "  devastating explosion " that caused the fast-moving fire . Bishop said two people from his church had lost their homes and at least one person had burn injuries . Kaiser Permanente South San Francisco hospital received three people in ambulances and four walk-ins with injuries from the fire , Administrative Services Director Nida Winnett said . Six of those people were in the hospital 's intensive care unit , and three of them are suffering from burns , Winnett said . Seton Medical Center spokeswoman Beth Nikels said three people with injuries from the fire came to the hospital , and one is being transported to a burn center . California 's state fire department is sending 25 fire engines to the area to help battle the blaze at the request of the local fire department , spokesman Daniel Berlant said . The fire is in a populated area about two miles west of San Francisco International Airport , Huston said . All flights and operations there were normal Thursday evening , airport spokesman Michael Brown said . At least 5,000 customers are without electricity , KGO reported . "  I will be closely monitoring the situation with the California Emergency Management Agency and will ensure a swift investigation begins to determine the causes , " California Lt. Gov. Abel Maldonado said in a statement . CNN 's Ninette Sosa , Shawn Nottingham , Anderson Cooper , Karan Olson , Sonya Hamasaki and Deanna Proeller contributed to this report .	NEW : An evacuation center has been set up Hospital officials say patients have arrived with burn injuries The fire is about two miles from San Francisco International Airport Helicopters are dropping retardant on houses to stop its spread
CNN  -- Lifetime 's biopic of the late singer Aaliyah is now without a star . The network confirmed via Twitter on Sunday that Zendaya , the 17-year-old Disney actress and singer tapped to portray Aaliyah in the TV movie , has exited the project . "  We are sad Zendaya will no longer portray Aaliyah , " Lifetime said . "  Production is currently on hold . " It 's an abrupt change for the film , as Zendaya , whose full name is Zendaya Coleman , was just announced as the biopic 's lead on June 16 . The young star , known for her role on Disney 's "  Shake It Up ! " and Season 16 of "  Dancing With the Stars , " did n't release an official comment on her departure but did acknowledge the casting shakeup on Twitter by quoting a source 's statement to E! News . "  Aaliyah has always been an inspiration to Zendaya , " the source told E! . "  She was honored to portray her and pay tribute to her . If she is going to do it , she wants to do it right . " Aaliyah , born Aaliyah Dana Haughton , was killed in a 2001 plane crash at the age of 22 . Her legacy as an R&B / pop singer and actress has been immense , to the point that even using her voice in a song can make fans bristle . Zendaya 's casting was similarly controversial , with fans being divided over whether the burgeoning talent should take on the role . With news that she 's now out of the project , some are curious if the casting criticism played a role in her departure . Yet from the beginning , the teen star made it clear that Aaliyah has been a lifelong inspiration for her , and she told MTV News on the BET Awards red carpet that she was n't sure the biopic would do justice to her idol . "  I just felt the project was n't 100 % there , " she told MTV , saying that the production felt "  a little rushed . " Because "  she 's someone I admire and I love so much , it ca n't be done halfway , or not to the standards I think it should be done at , so I just decided not to do it . "  By all means , when the right project comes along and it 's done the right way , I 'll be the first person ready to play Aaliyah , but this was n't the right one for me . I 've been into Aaliyah since I was little , so there was n't too much getting into character . I always pretend I 'm her anyway . "	Zendaya Coleman has left Lifetime 's Aaliyah biopic The network confirmed her exit on Twitter Production for the TV movie is currently on hold
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela , hailed for leading South Africa out of decades of apartheid , always said he wanted to be remembered as part of a collective and not in isolation . "  We understand it still that there is no easy road to freedom . We know it well that none of us acting alone can achieve lasting success . We must therefore act together as a united people for national reconciliation , for nation building , for the birth of a new world , " said Mandela in his inauguration speech when he became South Africa 's first black president in 1994 . He had spent 27 years in prison for his fight for democracy and racial equality . From 1948 until 1994 the South African government segregated black South Africans from white South Africans in all areas of life , including education , medical care and other public services . Read more : Nelson Mandela , anti-apartheid icon and father of modern South Africa , dies But Mandela was n't alone in his fight to end this injustice . These men and women , many of whom were fellow members of the African National Congress  ANC  , stood up against racial segregation and discrimination .	Apartheid was a system of racial segregation in South Africa , enforced by the government from 1948 until 1994 These men and women were anti-apartheid activists who stood up against injustice Many have been jailed , killed or exiled during their battle against racial segregation
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Long before the sun came up over the newly vertical Costa Concordia cruise liner , a little party was going on in Giglio harbor . It was just after 4am and the team of highly specialized salvage experts , who were feeling proud about the unprecedented rotation of the massive vessel that crashed on Giglio 's shores in January 2012 , were making their way to the dock from the control room where they 'd spent the last 19 hours . When the Concordia finally came to rest on the platforms 30 meters below water at exactly 4am , the salvage vessels in the harbor blew their horns in celebration -- which summoned the villagers who came to the port . It escaped no one that a similar scene played out 20 months earlier when the Concordia first came to rest on the rocky shores . Only this time , instead of carrying blankets and warm clothes for the shipwreck victims , they carried champagne bottles for the salvage crews . INTERACTIVE : How ill-fated cruise liner was raised from Italian seabed Captain Richard Habib , the director of Titan Salvage , which is leading the mammoth $ 800 million operation , was standing on shore in a well-worn gray Titan jumpsuit , to thank his team personally . He looked every bit like one of the workers and not at all like the big boss coming in from Florida . "  We 've worked on this for the last 18 months , and our efforts paid off well , " Habib later told CNN as he sipped a celebratory beer with workers at the Bar Fausto on the portside . "  It came together well . " Habib , himself a salvage master , stepped aside while the star of this particular show , Nick Sloane , the 52-year-old South African in charge of the Concordia salvage , and his key team took center stage . And what a stage it was . As the team walked from the port to the Fausto , the crowds cheered and rushed to hug them . Many popped champagne bottles and passed them around , almost as if the home team had just won the Superbowl . Many of the salvage workers sat at the outdoor tables , just like they do after every shift and wondered just what all the fuss was about . "  It 's just a job , " said one of the Scottish workers . "  I ca n't believe they are all here at this hour waiting for us . " In fact , the people of Giglio see the rotation , or parbuckling , of the Costa Concordia liner very differently than the salvage team that pulled off the feat . For the workers , it was a risky operation that succeeded . But for the Giglese , it is the first concrete step towards moving the beast from the island 's shore . Throughout the day on Monday when the Concordia slowly rolled to vertical , the islanders watched and waited and paced up and down the port like nervous parents before a birth . Many of them lined the hills above the wreck with binoculars and time-lapse cameras to capture the event . When the morning sun finally rose to show the Concordia 's twisted and bent starboard side , the horror of the wreck suddenly seemed more real than even the night it happened . For 20 months , the ship had been melded to its rocky underwater perch . When it was peeled off , it exposed a scene that looked something like a cross between an earthquake and a bomb . Soggy curtains hung limp in the broken windows , deck chairs were imbedded into the stateroom walls . One lone lifeboat that had been smashed into the ship 's carcass looked as flat as a painting hanging on the wall . Suitcases and dingy brown stained bedding were pressed up against the few windows that were still intact . The stateroom balconies were folded up against the ship 's outer wall , some trapping deck chairs against the cabin doors . Islanders mingled with journalists who studied the wreckage from every possible angle exchanging binoculars and long-lens cameras to get a better view , pointing out bizarre details of a scene that literally petrified the moment the ship crashed into the rocky shore . It was a surreal scene , and one made even more poignant by the fact that the other half of the ship was still pristine white , almost as if the ship was wearing a half-white , half-black masquerade mask . There was nothing to do but stare .	The Costa Concordia ship was righted after a huge salvage effort off the island of Giglio The people of Giglio see the operation as moving the beast off their shore , writes Nadeau To the workers , it was a risky operation that succeeded , she says
CNN  -- If the attorney general of Mississippi had had his way , Michelle Byrom would have been executed Thursday for allegedly hiring someone to kill her husband , Edward Byrom Sr. . Michelle Byrom , who has suffered a lifetime of abuse -- first at the hands of her stepfather and later at the hands of her husband -- also struggles with mental illness . On the night of June 4 , 1999 , when her husband was killed , Byrom was in the hospital . At her trial , jurors bought the prosecution 's version of the crime and found her guilty of murder for hire . Defense attorneys did not call the alleged killer to testify on her behalf , nor did the defense present the son 's multiple confessions . Judge Thomas Gardner imposed a death sentence . Now , evidence is coming to light revealing that it was the son , Edward Byrom , Jr. -- aka Junior -- who killed his father and that Gardner knew of the son 's confession before the trial , but on a technicality , the jury was n't permitted to see his jailhouse confession letters . No wonder , with such exculpatory information withheld , Michelle Byrom was found guilty and received a death sentence . As is often the case in these harrowing tales of justice , only now , 14 years after the trial , have dedicated post-conviction lawyers ' investigations shed light on the son 's confessions . In letters to his mother , Junior wrote in stark detail how he killed his father and why . He also confessed to forensic psychologist Criss Lott in the course of a pretrial interview . Those confessions are corroborated by the fact that it was Junior who led police to the murder weapon and that it was his hands that tested positive for traces of gunpowder . In one of his admissions to his mother , Junior wrote : "  I sit in my room , for a good 1  1/2 - 2 hours and dad comes in my room and goes off on me , calling me bastard , nogood , mistake , and telling me I 'm inconciderate  sic  and just care about my self , and slaps me , then goes back to his room . As I sat on my bed , tears of rage flowing , remembering my childhood , my anger kept building and building , and I went to my car , got the 9mm , and walked to his room , peeked in , and he was asleep . I walked about two steps in the door , and screamed , and shut my eyes , when I heard him move , I started firing . When I opened my eyes again , I freaked ! I grabbed what casings I saw , and threw them into the bushes , grabbed the gun , and went to town . " Junior 's letters were barred at the trial . Gardner precluded the jury from hearing them as a sanction against Byrom 's lawyers , who failed to share them with the prosecution in a timely manner . What the jury did hear was the prosecutor 's scenario that Junior was part of a murder-for-hire conspiracy , with his mother as mastermind and his friend Joey Gillis as the shooter . In a deal with prosecutors for a reduced sentence , Junior testified against his mother . What Junior said to a sheriff when he was interrogated can not be verified . County authorities say the recording was lost . But in a letter , Junior said : "  I gave them  the sheriffs  one bulls ** t story after another , trying to save my own ass . ... I was so scared , confused , and high , I just started spitting the first thought out , which turned into this big conspiracy thing , for money , which was all BS , that 's why I had so many different stories . " As evidence now shows , Gardner also knew of Junior 's confession of guilt to psychologist Lott even before the trial . Driven by conscience , Lott had told the judge what Junior had voluntarily revealed to him , but the judge did not disclose this to the jury and went so far as to instruct Lott not to share the information with the defense . When the defense took the unusual step of asking the judge , instead of the jury , to pass sentence , Judge Gardner chose death . This week the Mississippi Supreme Court denied the state attorney general 's motion to set Thursday as an execution date for Ms. Byrom . The big question now is whether the Mississippi Supreme Court will grant Byrom 's request for a hearing to consider the newly revealed evidence , including Lott 's affidavit stating that he told the trial judge about Junior 's confession . I 'm holding my breath . I know all too well what happens in such successor petitions in some higher courts . In my book "  The Death of Innocents , " I tell of two men in Virginia and Louisiana denied hearings on new evidence of innocence because the higher court held their petitions to be "  procedurally barred " or because Southern supreme courts , almost as a matter of course , uphold prosecutors ' positions on death cases . Those two men were executed , and I accompanied them to their deaths . I hope and pray that Byrom , a victim of both physical and constitutional abuses , fares better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Helen Prejean .	Sister Helen Prejean , portrayed in "  Dead Man Walking , " wants court to review death row case Mississippi court denies request to set Michelle Byrom 's execution for Thursday She 's on death row for allegedly plotting to murder her husband , but her son has confessed Byrom has "  suffered a lifetime of abuse " and "  struggles with mental illness , " writes Prejean
CNN  -- There were blood relatives in Houston who wanted to adopt . There was a guardian ad litem volunteer who had concerns about the adoptive parents . Child investigators were called on more than one occasion to the home . Yet early Monday along a Florida interstate , a road ranger pulled up behind a parked truck only to find an exterminator and his 10-year-old son unconscious , soaked in chemicals , and the boy 's twin sister dead . Jorge Barahona -- a 53-year-old father of four children adopted from the state 's foster care system -- told police he was distraught over the death of his daughter and had intended to commit suicide by dousing himself with gasoline and setting himself afire -- but did n't go through with it . The family had been at the center of multiple complaints to Florida 's Department of Children and Families , with callers reporting the twins being locked in bathrooms for long periods of time or bound with tape , according to court testimony . Even so , the children were allowed to remain in the house . This story appears to magnify everything that could go wrong with a child protective system . In 2004 , the siblings were placed with a foster family , according to Sonia Ferrer , circuit director of the guardian ad litem program . That family was Jorge and Carmen Barahona , she says . As often is the case when children are in the Florida foster system , a volunteer from the guardian ad litem program was assigned to look out for their best interests . "  The guardian was with the children for four years , " Ferrer said . "  He had concerns about the placement . " Those concerns were brought to the court 's attention and investigated before the children were officially adopted by the Barahonas in 2009 , Ferrer said . "  We did everything we could at the time . A full evidentiary hearing . " The judge on the case sided with the experts who found no problem with the children living with the Barahonas . Ferrer recently spoke to that guardian ad litem , who she says is devastated over what happened to the children . He is not the only one . The biological father 's sister and her husband wanted to adopt the twins , according to their attorney Steven Grossbard . "  Unfortunately , the expert opinion suggested that there was a significant bond and the courts are inclined to go with experts ' opinion , " Grossbard said . The bond he refers to is the five years the twins lived with the Barahonas as their foster children before being adopted by them in 2009 . Over the years problems in the Barahona home were brought to officials ' attention . "  Several times we 've been out to the home , " Florida Department of Children and Families spokesman Mark Riordan said . He would not elaborate on the nature of the complaints . The most recent was a call to a child abuse hotline received just days before the twins were found in the truck , according to testimony Wednesday . The testimony came during a Miami placement hearing for the Barahonas ' three surviving adopted children . According to testimony by a Department of Children and Families official , the information in the anonymous hotline call came from the 7-year-old daughter of Carmen Barahona 's biological daughter . "  When she would go to this home , where these children were being locked in the bathroom , they were being tied , but they were being untied to eat , " a DCF official testified . The granddaughter was told by her mother and grandmother that she was to keep "  family secrets " quiet . This information was corroborated when the granddaughter and the two other adopted children were interviewed , according to testimony . All alleged abuses discussed in the hearing were directed toward the twins , not the two other children . Jorge Barahona has been charged with aggravated child abuse , the West Palm Beach Police Department said and will likely face other charges . His wife , Carmen , has not been charged . She tried to hide her face at Wednesday 's hearing , where the allegations of abuse were denied by her attorney . The hotline call was on Thursday , according to court testimony . The DCF investigator , Andrea Fleary , said she went to the house on Friday night but Carmen Barahona would not let her speak to the children . Fleary testified that she left the house with the intention of following up on Monday .	Biological aunt wanted to take them in There were numerous warnings about adoptive family Court-appointed guardian is devastated Jorge Barahona has been charged with aggravated child abuse
President Obama slipped into the role of comedian-in-chief Saturday night and took jabs at journalists , lawmakers , celebrities and -- most pointedly -- his own administration 's botched rollout of HealthCare.gov . Remarks that would have otherwise put him in hot water drew applause at the annual White House Correspondents ' Association dinner from an audience comprising some of the most famous faces in politics , entertainment and sports . The dinner is known in Washington circles as "  nerd prom . " "  Of course , we rolled out HealthCare.gov , " Obama said of his tough year in 2013 . "  That could have gone better . " "  In 2008 , my slogan was ` Yes we can . ' In 2013 , my slogan was control-alt-delete , " Obama said . A poster for Walt Disney 's animated hit "  Frozen " flashed onto the large video screens in the ballroom , to which the president quipped that the launch of the online enrollment portal of Obamacare had been turned into one of the year 's biggest movies . After tickling funny bones with 20 minutes worth of jokes , Obama returned to the troubled rollout . Sebilius self-depricates The president said he 'd prepared a separate , short video thanking the White House Correspondents ' Association for all their hard work as the organization celebrated its centennial anniversary in 2014 . When the video choked and froze , Obama called out for help . "  Does anybody know how to fix this ? " Former Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , who was bitterly criticized over the HealthCare.gov botch , rushed up to join Obama onstage . "  I got this . I see it all the time , " Sebelius said , as she appeared to set a small laptop down on the podium . Sebelius punched in a few keystrokes in dramatic fashion , and Obama 's video began to play as originally intended . Comedian and actor Joel McHale , who spoke after Obama as the evening 's entertainment , also targeted the once-troubled Obamacare site . "  The launch of HealthCare.gov was a disaster . It was so bad , " McHale said , speaking directly to the President . "  I do n't even have an analogy because the website is now the thing people use to describe other bad things . "  They say things like , ' I should n't have eaten that sushi , because I was up all night HealthCare.gov-ing . ' " The president and McHale also used fodder from current headlines for many of their best moments of the night . Here are some of the highlights . Christie 's bridge troubles After taking a jab at drawn out legislative battles with Washington lawmaker Ted Cruz , Obama joked that "  gridlock has gotten so bad in this town , you have to wonder : What 'd we do to piss off Chris Christie so bad ? " "  Finally , a politician who is willing to stand up to America 's commuters , " McHale said of Christie , who chuckled along in the audience . Shirtless Putin Obama sought to turn recent conservative criticism of his foreign policy on its head by pointing out past compliments Putin has received from Pat Buchanan and Rudy Giuliani . In a dig at conservative pundits , Obama said , "  Mike Huckabee and Sean Hannity keep talking about Putin 's bare chest -- which is kind of weird . Look it up . They talk about it a lot . " McHale used the crisis in Ukraine to give Obama some foreign policy advice . "  You have to show a guy like that you 're just as crazy as he is . He invades Crimea , you invade Cancun , " the comedian told the President . Dousing the news media Both men used the occasion to declare open season on the media , including CNN and its recent extensive coverage of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Obama told the audience he was a little jet-lagged from his recent trip to Asia which included a stop in Malaysia . "  The lengths we have to go to , to get CNN coverage these days , " the President said , adding , "  I think they 're still searching for their table . " McHale was no kinder . After remarking that the White House Correspondents ' Association celebrates its 100th anniversary this year , McHale joked , "  100 years ago , CNN was only searching for the Wright brothers ' plane . " Obama also took a shot at MSNBC 's ratings in the large , full ballroom . "  MSNBC is here . They 're a little overwhelmed . They 've never seen an audience this big before . " As for Fox News , the President joked that the cable outlet was a front for the Koch brothers , a pair of billionaire industrialists known for their monetary contributions to conservative groups and causes . "  I 'm just kidding , " Obama added , "  Let 's face it , Fox . You 'll miss me when I 'm gone . It 'll be harder to convince the American people that Hillary was born in Kenya . " Racial tightrope walk Obama played on skin color while taking a stab at House Speaker John Boehner , who has antagonized Obama on many issues in the last few years and who has his own host of problems with the conservative members of the House Republican Caucus . "  These days the House Republicans actually give John Boehner a harder time than they give me -- which means orange really is the new black , " Obama said making a simultaneous reference to the popular Netflix series and to Boehner 's legendary tan . McHale walked the tightrope on race in a quip that is apt to draw some criticism when the sun comes up Sunday . The comedian is the host of "  The Soup " on the E! Entertainment channel . "  E! is also home to the Kardashians , who believe it or not , are Republicans , " McHale said , "  And I know that because they 're always trying to screw black people . " The joke seemed to draw more smarting moans from the audience than laughs . Some serious stuff Although the night is typically a light-hearted affair full of jokes , food , and posing for photos , discussion of serious news intruded on the red carpet . News legend Barbara Walters spoke to CNN about her exclusive interview with V. Stiviano , the woman at the center of the racial scandal that has embroiled L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling . "  I think she wanted to do it , " Walters told CNN when asked how she landed a sit-down with Stiviano , "  I think she wanted to be heard . I think she feels there have been a lot of bad things said about her and this was her chance to show that she was intelligent . " The annual event , which has attracted a substantial Hollywood contingent since Bill Clinton was President in the early 1990s , is taking place this year at a time when politically themed shows -- ABC 's "  Scandal , " HBO 's "  Veep " and Netflix 's "  House of Cards " -- are prevalent in popular culture . CNN Political Commentator Ben Ferguson summed up how the annual event seemed to upend pop culture 's normal pecking order . "  This is the only place where Wolf Blitzer can actually be the hot ticket for a Hollywood star ... This is like revenge of every guy who ever went and studied hard in college , " Ferguson said . "  In what world does this happen ? " As to whether partisanship gets stirred up , S.E. Cupp of CNN 's "  Crossfire " said , "  Actually , tonight we 've decided to put politics aside , laugh at our own expense , rib each other , and just have a good night . " "  That 's what this is all about , " CNN Political Analyst John Avlon said of the rare truce between the hosts on the left and the right of program . "  There 's so much humor in politics but you would n't know it because people do n't laugh at it , " he said , "  so it 's a good night for that . " "  This is Hollywood for ugly people , " Avlon added , using a familiar description Washingtonians often use to describe their city . Also spotted on the red carpet by CNN before the dinner began : "  Scandal 's " Tony Goldwyn , Scott Foley , Joe Morton , Bellamy Young and Dan Bucatinsky ; Sens. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and John McCain , R-Arizona ; Attorney General Eric Holder ; Cynthia Nixon ; Patrick Stewart ; Kareem Abdul-Jabbar ; Washington "  fixer " Judy Smith ; Tim Tebow ; Frida Pinto ; IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde ; Katie Couric ; Richard Marx and the Winklevoss twins . Also in attendance were CNN 's Jim Acosta , Michelle Kosinski , Dana Bash and Brianna Keilar . The annual event is a fundraiser for "  scholarships for aspiring journalists and awards recognizing excellence in the  journalism  profession , " according to the website of the White House Correspondents ' Association , the organization that sponsors the dinner . The WHCA "  works to maintain independent news media coverage of the president , advocating for access , handling logistics for pools of reporters who stay close to the president and those who travel with him , and providing scholarships to journalism students , " the website says . The annual dinner began in 1920 .	Joel McHale makes off-color Kardashian joke Obama make fun of Boehner 's tan , calls orange "  the new black " Former HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius made an appearance The White House Correspondents ' Dinner is known in Washington circles as "  nerd prom "
CNN  -- Five hundred years ago as the Spanish and Portuguese empires were carving up the Western hemisphere into colonial spheres , Europe 's imperial competition in the Indian Ocean was equally intense . As the first to navigate around Africa 's southern cape in the late 15th century , Portugal landed upon India and beyond to Southeast Asia , establishing forts , outposts and colonies alongside the Arabian Sea coastal Indian kingdoms of Calicut , Kochi , Goa and Kannur , quickly wresting control of the lucrative Euro-Asian spice trade routes from the Venetians and Ottomans . Ceylon , as the island of Sri Lanka was known under Portuguese rule , became a crucial trading hub for cinnamon , cardamom , black pepper and gems through agreements with the Kingdom of Kotte , near present-day Colombo . But after Portugal 's economic collapse in the 1620s , the Dutch East India Company took advantage of an invitation from the ruler of the Kingdom of Kandy to oust the Portuguese . But rather than return Portuguese forts to local control , the Dutch deepened and expanded their colonial rule of the island . When England took over Dutch colonies during the Napoleonic Wars , Sri Lanka became a British colony until independence in 1948 . A half-millennium since the Portuguese arrived in South Asia , the Indian Ocean is once again the center of global maritime trade , and a rising global power , China , is underwriting the modernization of Sri Lanka 's ports for its gargantuan export volumes . China 's so-called "  string of pearls " strategy has been to develop maritime access points along the Indian Ocean from Myanmar and Bangladesh to Sri Lanka and Pakistan . One has to wonder : Is Sri Lanka 's location in the saddle of the "  new maritime Silk Road " arcing from the Persian Gulf to the Straits of Malacca a blessing or a curse ? Trans-shipment hub If China is the new Portugal or Holland , it covets Sri Lanka for its geography , not its cinnamon . The island represents an ideal trans-shipment hub for Chinese goods branching off to Africa , the Arab states of the Gulf Cooperation Council such as Saudi Arabia , India -- and of course : Iran . In a world of maritime geopolitics , countries such as Oman and Sri Lanka emerge as strategic players whereas in the Cold War they were sideshows . In this context , President Mahinda Rajapaksa , like Pakistan 's former President Pervez Musharraf or other Asian strongmen , knows how to "  multi-align , " wooing outside powers and playing them off each other to minimize pressure on his regime for greater accountability . America now views Sri Lanka as increasingly strategic -- mostly because China does . The paradox of such competition is that it is precisely in the countries viewed as most strategic by multiple powers that one can least impose one 's values . Rajapaksa 's regime is the new Kingdom of Kandy , inviting foreigners but attempting to control their influence . British involvement Former colonial master Britain is a perfect example . Against domestic opposition , British Prime Minister David Cameron attended the November 2013 Commonwealth summit in Colombo , where he made statements about human rights and even visited a Tamil refugee camp in the northern Jaffna peninsula . The trip contained staggering ironies . First , much of the funding for the Tamil Tigers has come from the diaspora in Britain , thus fueling and prolonging the very civil war whose brutality Cameron went to criticize . Furthermore , Cameron has recently presided over an increase in arms sales to the Rajapaksa government , including assault machine guns , pistols and ammunition , ostensibly intended for counter-piracy . But that is small change . Just one week before Cameron 's visit , Sri Lanka signed $ 1.3 billion worth of investment projects with China , mainly to build Colombo 's new 700-acre large port on reclaimed land in exchange for a 99-year lease on 100 hectares of land to China Communications Construction Company Ltd. . China already built the port in the southern city of Hambantota -- which had been devastated by the 2004 tsunami originating near Indonesia -- and named it after President Rajapaksa himself . As with Pakistan , China appears to be Sri Lanka 's best friend as well -- for now . Human rights Driving alongside the site of Colombo 's future port , you encounter the towering , austere Buddhist stupa erected on the site of an old Anglican church , a warning to outsiders sailing in that Sri Lanka is a confident , sovereign nation . Indeed , Sri Lanka and Myanmar have remarkable similarities as former British colonies overcoming decades of civil war through militant Buddhist regimes . Just as Myanmar 's military is fighting aggressively to subdue its many ethnic tribes on the country 's strategic borders , Sri Lanka continues a ruthless occupation and crackdown in the country 's Tamil populated north , with continued widespread human rights violations . Sri Lanka 's civil war was much more an ethnic than religious conflict , and while minority Tamils still face difficulty getting jobs against the dominant Sinhalese , the overall security improvement means a rapidly growing economic pie  Sri Lanka 's growth rate is holding steady at 7 %  . More than a few Colombo natives of various backgrounds echoed relief that the government had finally dealt with the security situation "  by the roots , " code for thoroughly and decisively . Like the government itself , they prefer freedom to self-criticism . Even villagers outside Colombo , who used to pack up and sleep in the nearby jungle to avoid attacks by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , can now rest peacefully at home . Like Yangon , post-civil war Colombo is undergoing a genuine architectural and cultural renaissance . Colombo renaissance Beautifully conserved Dutch and British colonial buildings and officers ' homes are being restored into hotels , restaurants and shops . Manicured laws and gardens and brimming with children at play , traditional weddings are held at the Geoffrey Bawa designed Meditation Temple along the old Dutch canal . The Fort area , once fenced off due to the constant LTTE attacks and suicide bombings , is now buzzing with yuppies of all persuasions . As in Yangon , mosques , churches and temples now thrive side-by-side . It is not only the ports that are getting a big boost from China , but most of the country 's highways and roads as well . Even in a small country , there are few investments as significant to creating jobs and spreading growth and mobility as basic infrastructure . The travel time between any two cities in Sri Lanka has been cut by more than half , making it possible for visitors to explore more of the country in a single trip . The Buddhist monuments and caves of the "  Cultural Triangle " along with the Wilpattu National Park and Alankude beaches  to which whale and dolphin watchers flock  represent a central and northwestern arc , while southern routes take one to the bustling second city of Galle , the nearby rustic seaside town of Unawatuna and Yala National Park , teeming with elephants and leopards . Among the fastest growing excursions combine luscious jungle drives and stays at luxurious resorts in manicured tea plantations , the tea-lovers equivalent of a southern France vineyard tour . Sri Lanka 's strategy is to leverage Chinese and other investment to boost its own industries such as tourism , but also its main exports : textiles , garments and tea . But will it succeed in leveraging great power machinations for its own -- rather than foreign -- enrichment ? After all , it was n't just European colonizers who subjugated Sri Lanka 's historical kingdoms . In 1411 -- almost a century before Portugal 's arrival to the region -- Kotte kingdom ruler Alakeshvara refused to pay tribute and pledge obeisance to a visiting maritime force . As punishment , Kotte was sacked and Alakashvara and his family were shackled and sent off to bow before the emperor . The sailors were Zheng He and the 30,000 troops of his "  treasure ships , " and the emperor was Yongle of Ming dynasty China . Read more : 5 ways to experience Sri Lanka Read more : Are Sri Lanka 's ` anti-terror ' arrests an attempt to intimidate activists The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Parag Khanna .	Under Portuguese rule in the 15th Century Sri Lanka became a crucial trading hub Parag Khanna says it is again the center of maritime trade and a rising power Sri Lanka is using its strategic importance to minimize pressure for accountability , he says Chinese investment is boosting Sri Lanka 's basis infrastructure , Khanna says
WIRED  -- You should care about Apple 's collection of geodata on iPhones , iPads and iPod Touch devices , because the method is flawed . To be clear , "  care " does n't mean you should smash your iPhone with a hammer , rip out the GPS chip and gulp it down your throat . This is n't an issue of "  Big Brother is watching . " It 's just a matter of a security flaw that puts your location data at risk if it gets in the wrong hands -- not an immediate concern , but a concern nonetheless . Two data scientists broke the news Wednesday that an unencrypted file stored on iOS devices contains a detailed log of the device 's geographical data dating back 10 months . The scientists also wrote a program , allowing you to plug in your iOS device and automatically output the geodata into an interactive map , just so you could see for yourself . As this story developed , some tech observers have attempted to defuse the issue . "  So what ? " David Pogue wrote in his New York Times column . "  I have nothing to hide . Who cares if anyone knows where I 've been ? " Here 's why we care . Permanent data storage is unnecessary As WIRED.com pointed out yesterday , Apple already admitted and explained that it deliberately stores geodata on its mobile devices so the company can collect it to improve location services . The general process , summarized : Whenever you use an app with a location service -- the Yelp app , for instance , to find nearby restaurants -- the iPhone gets information about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points , and stores the info . Every 12 hours , an iOS device 's stored geodata gets anonymized with a random string of numbers , and it gets transmitted to Apple in a batch . Apple says it keeps all this data in its own database , so it can provide you quicker and more precise location services . So when you use a location-based app , such as your Maps app to get your location , you 're first pulling data from Apple 's geo database to get your general location , and then your GPS chip homes in on a more precise latitude and longitude . Apple 's location database speeds up the location process . Location gathering techniques like this are n't anything new . For instance , when using an app like Google Maps app on your Android phone , some of your location data is cached -- or stored -- so that if your network connection is interrupted , following directions on the map wo n't be . Data caching also improves the speed of an app 's performance . "  It makes such a huge difference when you can cache this data , " Andreas Schobel , CTO of Android-app -- developing studio Catch.com . "  Cellphone connections are incredibly high in latency . Imagine having to wait half-a-second longer when sending a tweet with your location included . From a user experience point of view , these caches make sense . " But the problem remains that there is no reason for that geo data to remain on your device after it 's transmitted to Apple . In contrast to Apple , Google 's stance on the position is clear : It has been upfront about location data collection from the start . In a statement provided to WIRED.com , Google says as much : All location sharing on Android is opt-in by the user . We provide users with notice and control over the collection , sharing and use of location in order to provide a better mobile experience on Android devices . Any location data that is sent back to Google location servers is anonymized and is not tied or traceable to a specific user . This is true for both Android and iPhones , but it 's no longer the point . Having a data file with over a year 's worth of your location information stored on your iPhone is a security risk . So if a thief got his hands on your iPhone , he can figure out where you live and loot you there , too . Same goes for a hacker who gains remote access to the consolidated.db file . But if a thief or hacker dug into an Android device , there is n't going to be much geodata saved on the smartphone to digitally stalk you .  There 's plenty of other data on smartphones such as text messages , address books and so forth , but at least we have control over what data we store in this regard . Bottom line , this data should n't stick around on your iOS device , because it does nothing but put you at risk . And you should care about that , because this problem can be and should be fixed by Apple , and you should demand that . The database makes a tempting target for law enforcement If police wanted to , they could subpoena the iPhone 's location database file when investigating a suspect . That file contains too much information for this to even be justified . Imagine if you were suspected of a crime and police wanted to know where you were at 5 p.m. Thursday . They could subpoena your iPhone , dig into this file and , looking at the various data points , get a good idea of where you were at that time . Sure , that sounds like it could be a useful practice for busting bad criminals , but what about all that other data ? With that file police can not only find out where you were at 5 p.m. Thursday , but also that you see a therapist every Monday morning , or simply that you were somewhere that you 'd want to keep to yourself -- private matters . As tempting as it may be to say , "  They 're suspected for a crime , they deserve it , " even suspects deserve privacy . They 're suspects , after all , not criminals  yet  . The fact that law enforcement can easily get more information than necessary is not a positive thing . But it 's not a huge immediate danger With that said , the chances are small that your iPhone is going to get hacked or stolen , or that you 're going to be suspected of a crime  we would hope  . So there 's no reason to freak out . But we should care about the implications of a rich file of geographic data living on our iOS devices offering no customer benefit , creating digital footprints that we ca n't erase . Fortunately , Apple is a media giant , and customer trust is too valuable for the company to lose . It 's likely we 'll see Apple issue a software update soon tweaking the geodata-storage method , hopefully with a full explanation . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	If a thief got his hands on your iPhone , he can figure out where you live The police could subpoena the iPhone 's location database file when investigating a suspect It 's likely we 'll see Apple issue a software update soon
CNN  -- President Barack Obama got help from his wife and his vice president Wednesday in continuing a public pressure campaign on Republicans to join Democrats in passing his $ 447 billion jobs plan . First lady Michelle Obama announced that 270 private companies have pledged to hire 25,000 veterans and their spouses by the end of 2013 . The companies are part of a trade group called the American Logistics Association . Their commitment , she said , would fulfill 25 % of the president 's call for private-sector companies to hire or train 100,000 veterans and military spouses in the next two years . The first lady 's announcement preceded a speech by Obama at a joint military base in Virginia on the third and last day of his bus tour through North Carolina and Virginia aimed at pressuring Congress to pass his jobs package . Obama discussed the importance of hiring American veterans during a stop at the Joint Base Langley-Eustis , calling the initiative a top priority . "  There are far too many veterans who are coming home and having to struggle to find a good job , " Obama said . "  It does n't make any sense . " The president said , "  We ask our men and women in uniform to leave their families . "  The last thing you should have to do is fight for a job when you come home , " he said . He also called on Congress to pass his jobs bill , saying the need to focus on jobs was "  an American responsibility . " Later in the day , Obama used a speech to firefighters in North Chesterfield , Virginia , to urge Republicans to stop opposing his jobs plan . Republican counter-proposals to cut regulations and roll back health care and Wall Street reforms failed to address the need to reduce unemployment , Obama argued . "  Dirtier air , dirtier water , fewer people on health care , no accountability on Wall Street -- that is not a jobs plan , " Obama said . "  I 'm happy to have a debate , but in the meantime , let 's focus on putting people back to work . " In particular , Obama called for Congress to pass one component of his plan that would provide funding for state and local governments to hire police officers , firefighters and teachers . The measure would be paid for by increasing the tax rate on millionaires by 0.5 % . "  My taxes will go up a little bit , but I can afford it , " Obama said . Vice President Joe Biden also pushed for the measure , telling a Senate Democratic rally in support of the jobs plan that the specific provision meant someone earning $ 1.1 million a year would pay an extra $ 500 in taxes . "  And you know the really sad thing about it is ? The millionaires know we should do this . They do n't oppose this , " Biden said . "  They know it is the equitable thing to do . " Republicans have blocked debate on the Obama jobs plan in the Senate . They argue that any tax increase would harm economic growth and job creation , while Obama and Democrats contend that the president 's package ensures immediate job growth . Asked by CNN why Obama kept pushing a tax hike that Republicans continually reject , Biden said the debate exposed GOP reluctance to work with the White House and Democrats on an agreement . "  There 's not a single thing they are for , " Biden said . "  How can they argue against a half-percent surtax on people whose average income is a million bucks ? " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky accused Obama of using his bus trip for political campaigning instead of working with Republicans on jobs legislation that can pass with support from both parties . "  Everyone knows the last thing you want to do in a jobs crisis is raise taxes , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . "  But for some reason , he 's determined to keep trying anyway , and Republicans are n't about to go along with it . " Calling Obama "  completely out of touch , " McConnell said the White House and Congress should "  forget about the tax hikes , let 's drop the talking points about millionaires and billionaires , and let 's work together on bipartisan jobs legislation that 's designed to pass , not designed to fail . " Obama , however , continued to push for a public campaign to pressure Republicans to pass his plan . "  We 'll see if they fight just as hard for your job as they do for their own job , " he told the Virginia firefighters . Democrats are promising to force votes on individual components of the Obama plan , starting with $ 35 billion for states and localities to hire more teachers and first responders while preventing current ones from being laid off . That part of the plan could come up for a vote before the end of this week . Republicans have accused the president of engaging in "  class warfare , " while Democrats say wealthier Americans need to share in the cost of fiscal responsibility . Among other things , Obama 's overall blueprint includes an extension and expansion of the current payroll tax cut , an extension of jobless benefits , new tax credits for businesses that hire the long-term unemployed and additional money to help save and create jobs for teachers and first responders such as firefighters . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama and his vice president push for jobs legislation First lady announces companies ' pledge to hire 25,000 veterans and their spouses Obama blasts Republicans ' opposition to his $ 447 billion jobs bill GOP leaders accuse president of dividing the country for short-term political gain
CNN  -- Hurricane Rick weakened Sunday as it churned up Pacific waters on its track to strike Mexico later in the week . A satellite image shows Hurricane Rick in the Pacific , bearing down on the southern tip of Baja California . Rick remained a Category 5 hurricane with its center about 450 miles  725 km  south of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . Hurricane force winds extended up to 60 miles  95 km  from the center . Forecast models show that Rick could make landfall on the tip of Baja California by Wednesday morning . Forecasters expect Rick to lose some of its punch as it curves northeast toward southern Baja , California , and then toward mainland Mexico later in the week , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said . The storm could be downgraded to a Category 4 hurricane later Sunday night , Robbie Berg , a hurricane specialist with the National Weather Service , told CNN Radio . Earlier Sunday , Rick 's winds topped at 180 miles per hour , making it then the second-strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific in more than a decade . The strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific was Hurricane Linda that reached winds of 185 miles per hour in 1997 .	NEW : Hurricane Rick is still a Category 5 storm , despite weakening NEW : Storm center is 450 miles south-southeast of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico Forecasters : Rick to lose some of its punch as it swings to southern Baja Strongest hurricane in the eastern North Pacific was Hurricane Linda in 1997
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A plane carrying 20 people crashed on takeoff from Nigeria 's Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos on Thursday , killing 14 , the nation 's aviation minister said . "  The six survivors were promptly transported to the hospital and are receiving appropriate medical care , " Princess Stella Oduah-Ogiemwonyi said in a statement on her Facebook page . Two of the injured were in critical condition , and four were in stable condition , said her spokesman , Joe Obi , on her Facebook page . The incident occurred at 9:32 a.m. when an Embraer 120 operated by Associated Airlines on a private charter flight to Akure crashed shortly after takeoff from the airport 's domestic wing and burst into flames , she said . First responders reached the crash site and extinguished the fire within two minutes , "  despite the surging crowd , " she said . The flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder have both been recovered from the wreckage , said Muhtar Usman , commissioner with the Nigerian Accident Investigation Bureau . The identities of the victims were being withheld pending notification of relatives , Oduah-Ogiemwony said . Among the passengers were relatives of the late former governor of Ondo state , Olusegun Agagu , who were accompanying his body on the flight , Nigerian state-run TV broadcaster NTA reported . Agagu was a former aviation minister in Nigeria . In a statement from an adviser , President Goodluck Jonathan extended his condolences to relatives of the dead . "  President Jonathan views the plane crash as most unfortunate and regrettable , given the concerted efforts of the federal government to enhance aviation safety in the country , " said the spokesman , Reuben Abati . "  He has therefore ordered a thorough investigation of the crash by all relevant agencies with a view to determining the cause and taking further actions , as may become necessary . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Six people survived the crash in Lagos The plane , with 20 aboard , crashed while taking off Thursday Body of late governor of Ondo state was aboard the aircraft His relatives were accompanying his body
CNN  -- Joe Simon , the co-creator of star-spangled comic book hero Captain America , has died at 98 , his family announced . Simon , a writer , editor and artist , passed away late Wednesday in New York after a short illness . Simon and artist Jack Kirby , who ran a studio , developed the character in the early 1940s and worked outside the box to develop a distinct design . "  Together , the team created Captain America as well as long list of characters , including The Newsboy Legion and The Boy Commandos , " a statement Thursday from Simon 's family said . A Marvel Comics website provides a summary of Captain America and his superhero quest . "  In World War II , patriotic soldier Steve Rogers , recipient of the ` Super Soldier Serum , ' became the living symbol of freedom , Captain America . Left for dead while frozen in ice , the star-spangled hero with an indestructible shield awoke years later to continue his never-ending battle for liberty . " The movie "  Captain America : The First Avenger " was released this year . Chris Evans , in the title role , went up against villain Red Skull , played by Hugo Weaving . Kirby and Simon created Captain America for Timely Comics , Marvel 's predecessor . The comic was a huge hit during World War II . With Captain America came some of Kirby 's comic book innovations , Mark Evanier , author of the book "  Kirby : King of Comics , " told CNN in 2008 . Comic books , which had started as reprints of newspaper comic strips , had adhered to that form 's look of repetitious boxes . Kirby and Simon used different-sized panels , varying shapes , even full pages . "  They kind of invented things that made comic books different than strips , " Evanier said . They realized they "  had the whole page to play with . ... They 'd take three or four pages for a single action scene . " The popular genres after the war were crime and horror comics , and Simon and Kirby created a handful , including the dramatically named "  Justice Traps the Guilty . " They also pioneered the romance genre , juxtaposing Kirby 's innately thrilling style with primly dressed women and men in neat suits and sweaters . Simon served a few stints at DC Comics . "  Joe Simon was a true legend in the comic book industry . So much of what we are today is owed to him and his amazing creativity , " said Dan DiDio , co-publisher of DC Entertainment . "  In addition to one of the great writers of the Golden Age , he was also an editor at DC Comics . We appreciate all of his contributions to DC Comics and the industry as a whole , both on the page and behind the scenes . " The writer 's passing came a week after the death of cartoonist Jerry Robinson , who worked on the earliest Batman comics and claimed credit for creating the super-villain The Joker . Robinson was 89 . Simon is survived by two sons , three daughters and eight grandchildren . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Joe Simon , co-creator of Captain America , dies at 98 Character has been a mainstay since the 1940s Simon and Jack Kirby made comic books different from comic strips
EW  -- The big-screen "  Scream " franchise could be coming to MTV . The cable network has greenlit a pilot based on the films . MTV and Dimension Films ' one-hour pilot will attempt to reinvent the 1996 horror-comedy that spawned three sequels . Death Watch : Final TV survival predictions of the season The partners are in talks with the original film 's director , Wes Craven , to helm the one-hour pilot ; there 's no deal yet for a writer . If ordered to series , "  Scream " would debut in the summer of 2014 . TV 's 10 most maligned comedies MTV also announced a third season of "  Snooki & JWoww , " along with three new series : -- Docu-drama "  Generation Cryo " "  explores the issues faced by a new generation of kids coming of age who were conceived via anonymous sperm donors and are redefining what it means to be a family . " -- "  Nurse Nation "  working title  is a new docu-series that follows nine 20-something travel nurses all assigned to work at a new hospital in a brand new city for 13 weeks . -- "  The Hook Up "  working title  , hosted by Andrew Schulz of MTV2 's series "  Guy Code , " is a weekday afternoon dating show where singles looking for a match will choose from four potential suitors based on their social media history . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	MTV has greenlit a pilot based on the ` Scream ' movies Director Wes Craven is in talks to helm the one-hour pilot If ordered to series , ` Scream ' would debut in summer 2014
They were hiding in a place security officers called a "  safe area . " It was anything but . Outside an angry crowd grew , gunfire rang out and a fire blazed . Thick smoke blinded the three trapped men . The intruders banged on the fortified safety gate of the bunker-like villa . A security officer handed his cell phone to Ambassador Chris Stevens . Prepare for the mob to blast open the locks of the safety gate , the officer said . Security blog : Benghazi review critical of State 's diplomatic security It was a little before 10 at night on September 11 , 2012 . And time was running out for Stevens . Vivid new details of the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , were released Tuesday night by a federal committee trying to come to grips with the violence that led to the first murder of a U.S. ambassador since 1988 and the deaths of three other Americans . The report spoke of grossly inadequate security , an issue that Stevens had complained about well before September 11 . State Department resignations follow Benghazi report The brief phone call Instead of blasting their way into the villa , the crowd retreated for some reason . But the fire still blazed . Stevens used the cell phone to try to alert others about the attack . Struggling to see , choked by smoke , he dialed . Read more : Benghazi problems suggest long list of changes He may have wanted to tell embassy officials in Tripoli that he and the small security detail at that 13-acre compound were in big trouble . They were outmanned , outgunned . The militants had doused a large area with diesel fuel and started a hideous fire . He may have wanted to say that he was trapped in a building they called Villa C with a security officer , and Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith . They had to flee to the villa after intruders stormed the walled-in consulate compound armed with machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades . But in that 9:50 p.m. phone call , Stevens could only tell the U.S. deputy chief of the mission in Tripoli that they were under attack . The call promptly dropped . Warning signs Though fierce and sudden , the attack may not have been surprising for some . U.S. diplomats who worked in Libya , a country struggling to form a government after overthrowing longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi , had repeatedly asked for more security . American officials , for the most part , were well-received in Libya , where many locals were grateful for the help the United States provided in overthrowing Gadhafi . But danger remained . Read more : State Department : Clinton not dodging Benghazi hearings There were still many Gadhafi loyalists , there was easy access to guns and the new fledgling government was having a difficult time maintaining security . On June 1 , a car bomb exploded outside a hotel in Tripoli where Stevens was staying . Read more : Benghazi talking points omitted link to al Qaeda The same month , Stevens had to move with his security team from the hotel because of a "  credible ' threat . On June 6 , a roadside bomb exploded near the U.S. compound in Benghazi , hurting no one but blasting a large hole in a wall of the compound . The threats continued for U.S. officials and diplomats from other countries -- but security staffing remained unchanged . The ambassador is missing But now , there was no time to fret about woeful security . Black smoke was filling up the safe area . Stevens , Smith and the security officer crawled to a bathroom , hoping to open a window . The security officer placed towels under the bathroom door and flung open the panes . It made things worse . The open window pulled more smoke into the bathroom , making breathing impossible . Despite the explosions outside , they would have to flee the safe area , the officer thought . The smoke had choked out the lights . They were in total darkness . The officer left the bathroom , crawled through a hallway , banging on the floor and yelling that the ambassador and Smith follow him . He slipped though another window and collapsed in an enclosed patio area . And then he noticed it . Stevens and Smith were not there . The officer slipped back through the window several times , even though the intruders were still shooting at him . The smoke and heat was unbearable . He could not find either man . He used a ladder to climb to the roof of the villa and radioed for help . He had been in the smoky room for so long he could hardly speak . It took some time for the officers on the other end of the line to understand what he was saying . He did not have Smith , he said . And the ambassador is missing . The battle at the Annex Three other security officers had barricaded themselves in another building when the siege began . Once the first wave of attackers seemed to retreat , the officers got out of their "  defensive " positions and drove an armored car to the villa . They found their colleague on the roof , vomiting , about to pass out . The three officers crawled through the smoke inside . Read more : Ex-CIA chief Petraeus testifies Benghazi attack was al Qaeda-linked terrorism They found Smith . They dragged his body out . But they were too late . A team , from a nearby U.S. facility called the Annex , arrived and helped search for Stevens . They could not find him . Concerned that the large crowd of militants was about to overtake the entire compound , they decided to flee back to the Annex without Stevens . Men in the crowd began shooting , the bullets almost piercing the armored vehicle and blowing out two of its tires . They drove on . At least two vehicles followed them . They made it to the Annex , preparing for another fight . It was about 11:30 at night . Just before midnight , bullets began hitting the Annex . This started a gun battle that lasted for an hour . Hours later , another wave of attacks hit the facility with mortars , killing security officers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty . Finding Stevens Hours passed and no one knew where Stevens was . About 2 a.m. , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli received a phone call . It was from the cell phone of the security officer who had given his phone to Stevens . The man on the line spoke Arabic , telling embassy officials that Stevens had been taken to a hospital in Benghazi . Officials could not determine what hospital Stevens was taken to . Some wondered if the phone call was a trick from militants who wanted to lure U.S. officers to their death . A Libyan official was sent to Benghazi Medical Center . He said Stevens was there . Hospital staff said six civilians brought Stevens to the emergency room about 1:15 a.m. Even though the ambassador showed no signs of life , doctors worked to revive him for 45 minutes . It was too late .	U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens was killed in September of this year He was the first U.S. ambassador murdered since 1988 Along with Stevens , three other Americans were killed
CNN  -- The credit crisis has transformed the global financial landscape , bankrupting established names and prompting unprecedented interventions by governments and central banks to save others from collapse as they buckle under the weight of "  toxic debts . " This timeline charts the key moments in that process . 2007 Feb. 7 : HSBC announces losses linked to U.S. subprime mortgages . May 17 : Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said growing number of mortgage defaults will not seriously harm the U.S. economy . A trader at the New York stock exchange reacts to the fall of global stock markets June : Two Bear Stearns-run hedge funds with large holdings of subprime mortgages run into large losses and are forced to dump assets . The trouble spreads to major Wall Street firms such as Merrill Lynch , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup and Goldman Sachs which had loaned the firms money . Aug. : French bank BNP Paribas freezes withdrawals in three investment funds . Sept. : Crisis-hit UK bank Northern Rock admits financial difficulties as it asks Bank of England for assistance . Share prices fall as customers queue up to withdraw their money . Oct. 1 : Swiss bank UBS announces losses liked to U.S. subprime mortgages . Oct. 5 : Investment bank Merrill Lynch reports losses of $ 5.5 billion . Oct. 15 : Cititgroup announces $ 6.5 billion third quarter losses . Oct. 24 : Merrill Lynch announces losses to be over $ 8 billion . 2008 Jan : Swiss bank UBS announces fourth quarter losses at $ 14 billion . Jan. 11 : Bank of America pays $ 4 billion for Countryside Financial . Jan. 15 : Citigroup reports $ 18.1 billion loss in fourth quarter . Jan. 17 : Merrill Lynch reports $ 11.5 billion loss in fourth quarter . Washington Mutual posts losses . Feb. 13 : UK bank Northern Rock is nationalized . March : UK hedge fund Peloton Partners and U.S. fund Carlyle Capital fail . March 16 : Bear Stearns , the U.S. 's fifth largest investment bank , collapses and is taken over by JP Morgan . April 1 : German Deutsche Bank credit losses of $ 3.9 billion in first quarter . April 13 : U.S. bank Wachovia Corp. reports big loss for quarter . May 12 : HSBC writes off $ 3.2 billion in the first quarter linked to exposure to the U.S. subprime market . July 22 : WaMu reports $ 3.3 billion loss for second quarter . Aug. 31 : German Commerzbank AG takes over Dresdner Kleinwort investment bank . Sept 7 : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac effectively nationalized by the U.S. Treasury which places them into "  conservatorship . " Sept. 9 : Lehman Brothers shares plummet to lowest level on Wall Street in more than a decade . Sept 14 : Lehman Brothers files for bankruptcy . Stock markets plummet ; Central banks inject billions of dollars into money markets . Bank of America agrees to buy Merrill Lynch . Sept. 16 : AIG Corp , the world 's biggest insurer , bailed out by the U.S. Federal Reserve . Morgan Stanley and Wachovia enter merger talks . Sept. 17 : Halifax Bank of Scotland  HBOS  to merge with UK bank Lloyds TSB in an emergency rescue plan . Sept. 18 : Federal Bank and other central banks inject billions into global markets to help ease the crunch . Sept. 22 : Japan 's Nomura Holdings buys Lehman 's Asian operations for up to $ 525 million . Sept. 25 : WaMu sold to JP Morgan . Sept. 27 : HSBC announces 1,100 job cuts worldwide . Sept. 29 : - U.S. Congress rejects $ 700 billion plan to bail out the U.S. financial system . - UK 's Bradford & Bingley nationalized . Santander to buy deposits for $ 38.2 bn - German bank Hypo Real Estate to be bailed out by banks and government . - Citigroup , the world 's largest bank , says it will buy Wachovia . - Belgian giant Fortis is bailed out by Netherlands , Belgium and Luxembourg . - Royal Bank of Scotland shares lose a fifth of their value . - Iceland part-nationalizes Glitnir , one of its biggest banks . Sept 30 : - Belgian bank Dexia bailed out by France , Belgium and Luxembourg . - Swiss bank UBS announces small profit in third quarter . - Irish government guarantees safety of bonds , debts and deposits . Oct 1 : US Senate passes amended $ 700 billion bail-out plan . Oct 3 : - US Congress passes $ 700 billion bail-out , President Bush signs it into law . - Swiss bank UBS to cut 2000 jobs . - Dutch government nationalizes banking and insurance activities of Fortis . Oct 4-6 : - Proposed Hypo Real Estate bailout collapses . - Chancellor Angela Merkel announces new plan for Hypo bailout worth $ 69bn . - Merkel also announces guarantee of deposits in German banks . - UK raises limit on guaranteed bank deposits from # 35,000 - # 50,000 . - EU leaders meet in Paris for emergency summit to discuss financial crisis . - Battle rages between Citigroup and Wells Fargo over purchase of Wachovia . - French bank BNP Paribas takes 75 % stake in Fortis Oct 6 : - Danish government announces plan to guarantee bank deposits - Wells Fargo and Citigroup agree to legal standstill in battle for Wachovia . - Bank of America reports 68 % profit drop , stock sale to raise $ 10bn . Oct 7 : Icelandic bank Landsbanki nationalized ; Icesave , Landbanki 's internet bank , freezes UK customers ' accounts . Oct 8 : - UK Treasury freezes assets of Landsbanki in the UK ; threatens legal action - UK Treasury announces # 500 billion bank rescue package . - U.S. , UK , China , Canada , Sweden , Switzerland and ECB cut interest rates . - IMF forecasts "  Major global downturn " . Oct 9 : Iceland nationalizes its biggest bank Kaupthing . Oct 10 : Black Friday - G7 finance ministers meet in Washington and issue a five-point plan . - Nikkei falls almost 10 % , biggest drop in 20 years . - FTSE falls more than 10 % , closes at 8.85 % ; worst daily fall since 1987 . - Oil prices fall to $ 80 a barrel . - Dow crashes nearly 700 points before regaining some lost ground . - Icelandic bank Kaupthing is nationalized . Oct 11 - 12 : - The Fed rubberstamps Wachovia takeover by Wells Fargo . - 15 EU leaders meet in Paris for emergency summit on crisis . - Gordon Brown urges them to adopt similar measures to UK bank rescue plan . - Leaders agree to guarantee loans between banks until end of 2009 . - Germany , France and Italy to announce individual plans Monday . - Australia agrees to guarantee deposits for next 3 years . - New Zealand guarantees bank deposits for 2 years . Oct 13 : - EU stock markets bounce back in response to EU leaders ' bailout announcements . - UK bails out 3 banks : RBS , HBOS and Lloyds TSB at cost of $ 63 billion . - Bank of England loans $ 174 million to Icelandic bank Landsbanki to help repay UK depositors . Oct 14 : - Iceland in talks with Russia to negotiate emergency loan of $ 5.44 billion after bank collapses . - U.S. follows UK lead by part-nationalizing banks . Oct 15 : - European and Asian stock markets fall after initial upswing . - Southeast Asian nations agree to start fund to provide financial support to countries in crisis ; World Bank commits $ 10 billion to the planned fund . - Russian stock market posts losses as RTS Index falls below 800 points . Oct 16 : - Global markets fall on fears of global slowdown . - Citigroup delays merger of its Japanese brokerage units due to costs involved . - Swiss government bails out UBS with $ 59.2 billion . - Credit Suisse posts 1.3 billion-franc third quarter loss ; raises $ 8.7 billion from investors . - Hungarian central bank gets cash injection from ECB to value of $ 6.7 billion . - EU leaders at Brussels summit call for complete overhaul of international financial system .	Banking crisis has transformed the world 's financial landscape Many established names bankrupted or bailed out as a consequence of bad debts After inital upswing , world stock markets fall once more EU leaders at summit call for overhaul of international financial system
CNN  -- Jennifer Hudson , Christina Aguilera and John Mayer will be among the presenters and performers at the 28th annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in April , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum announced Wednesday . Hudson and Aguilera have been tapped to perform in honor of new inductee Donna Summer , who died last year . In December , the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announced the queen of disco was part of the 2013 class of inductees , which also includes Heart , Randy Newman , Public Enemy , Rush and Albert King . For King 's induction , Mayer will speak and also perform along with Gary Clark Jr. . Mayer 's been on the mend after having another surgery to remove recurrent throat granuloma , and he just recently sang in concert for the first time in nearly two years at a benefit in Montana . Fans of Rush will see their favorite group finally get their Rock and Roll Hall of Fame due , with Dave Grohl and Taylor Hawkins of the Foo Fighters inducting the band . Another Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , Don Henley , will induct Newman . More details on additional presenters , performers and special guests are to come . Tickets will go on sale for the general public at 10 a.m. PT February 1 . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony will take place April 18 at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles and will be broadcast at 9 p.m. ET/PT on May 18 on HBO  a company that , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner  .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum announces initial list of performers and presenters John Mayer , Gary Clark Jr. , Christina Aguilera and Jennifer Hudson are among them Heart , Randy Newman , Rush and Albert King are among the 2013 inductees The induction ceremony will take place April 18 in Los Angeles
San Pedro , Belize  CNN  -- A dead neighbor . Headless dogs . And a millionaire on the run . All set against a backdrop of spectacular tropic beauty . It would be difficult to imagine a more intriguing story than the one unfolding in Belize right now . Police there are seeking to question Internet pioneer John McAfee in the killing of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . Faull , 52 , was found dead with a gunshot wound to the back of the head this month in his home near San Pedro , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye . McAfee , who is not a suspect , has not been seen since . Three people have been detained for questioning in the killing , police have said , and investigators are pursuing multiple leads . CNN was recently granted rare access to McAfee 's beachfront property by a former girlfriend , who asked that her real name not be reported . A bizarre visit to John McAfee 's pleasure palace in Belize Identifying herself as "  Francesca , " she said she 'd spoken with McAfee since he disappeared , and that he is "  frightened for his life . " "  He 's in constant fear , paranoid , " she said . "  I would say it 's because of what he has been through . ... He thinks people are always after him , which they really are right now . " The former girlfriend said she does n't know where McAfee is , except that he is not at home . They communicate by phone , "  not often , once a day , or hardly ever , " she said . On Saturday , McAfee apparently began a personal blog , writing posts about being on the run , the media 's portrayal of him and what he calls "  harassment " by the Belize government . "  I am asking all people of conscience to read this blog ... and see the ugly truth unfolding here , " reads one post that names six people he says have been detained by police in the case , including friends and household staff . CNN can not confirm the blog 's authenticity . Francesca pointed out buildings as she walked around McAfee 's compound , a luxurious sprawl of screened rooms , pathways and an open air pool . Police have searched the home and , according to witnesses , dug up the remains of McAfee 's dogs . Faull was killed after four of 11 dogs belonging to McAfee were fatally poisoned , said Wired Magazine Contributing Editor Joshua Davis , who said he had spent more than 100 hours with McAfee in recent months . Faull had frequently complained about the dogs barking , Davis said . Raphael Martinez , a police spokesman , said a person working for McAfee called police about a poisoned dog ; when police arrived at McAfee 's residence , they found the dogs had been buried . McAfee is thought to have shot them to put them out of their misery . Police took just the dogs ' heads , instead of their bodies , witnesses said . Authorities are now awaiting the results of ballistics tests to see whether there is any connection between the bullets in the dogs and the one that killed Faull . McAfee , 67 , told Davis last week that he did not kill his neighbor , the reporter said . McAfee founded the Internet security company that bears his name , but left it in 1994 . He graduated in 1967 with a degree in mathematics from Roanoke College , according to the Virginia school . He went on to found several tech companies and to launch groundbreaking products , including the voice-recognition system Interpath Inc. in 1981 , McAfee in 1988 , and the instant messaging pioneer Tribal Voice in 1996 . When asked why McAfee does n't present himself to police for questioning , his former girlfriend said it is because authorities want to kill him . "  It will never be ended until John is dead . That 's what I believe , until they kill him , " she said . "  My goodness , " Martinez said when asked previously about McAfee 's reported fear . "  He needs to come in so that we can clear the air . We are law-abiding people here . We follow the laws to the letter . We believe at this point that he has absolutely no fear of being killed by anybody . "	NEW : McAfee apparently begins blog , with posts on life on the run Gregory Faull , an American businessman , was found shot to death on a Belize island Police want to question his neighbor , Internet pioneer John McAfee , in the killing His former girlfriend says he is in "  constant fear , paranoid "
CNN  -- The infamous meat dress Lady Gaga was grilled for wearing at the MTV Video Music Awards last year will be unveiled Thursday as the main course in a sizzling new display at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . It will join the "  Women Who Rock : Vision , Passion , Power " exhibit at the hall in Cleveland , Ohio . The dress , once made of juicy cuts of raw Argentinean beef , was treated and preserved by a taxidermist over a number of weeks . "  The dress was kept in a meat locker until the treatment was ready to begin , " said a statement from the hall . "  It was then placed in a vat of chemicals and , while still pliable , was put on a body form and allowed to dry . " To keep the dress from looking like a large collection of beef jerky , it was painted to look like fresh meat . Lady Gaga wore the dress when she accepted the award for Best Video of the Year for "  Bad Romance " at the MTV Video Music Awards on September 12 , 2010 . It was a collaboration by designers Franc Fernandez and Nichola Formichetti . Gaga , who was campaigning at the time in support of repelling "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " told Ellen DeGeneres that the dress represents equality , saying "  Equality is the prime rib of America . " "  If we do n't stand up for what we believe in and if we do n't fight for our rights , pretty soon we 're going to have as much rights as the meat on our own bones . And , I am not a piece of meat . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Gaga 's meat dress will be unveiled at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Thursday It will be part of the hall 's "  Women Who Rock : Vision , Passion , Power " exhibit She wore the dress during last fall 's MTV Video Music Awards show
CNN  -- A New York man fatally stabbed three people , slashed at least five others , hit and killed one man with a car and hijacked two vehicles before being wrestled to the ground early Saturday while trying to break into the cab of a subway car , police said . Maksim Gelman , who is unemployed and known to authorities mostly as a graffiti artist , was arrested aboard a northbound train in Manhattan around 9 a.m. Saturday , about 28 hours after he allegedly began a spree that spanned three New York City boroughs , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  It 's so horrendous and bizarre , " Kelly told reporters Saturday afternoon . "  We have no reason that we can give you as to why he did this . " Around 5 a.m. Friday , police say Gelman , 23 , got into a dispute with his mother at her home in the Sheepshead Bay section of Brooklyn . She had refused to let him take her 2004 gray Lexus . The suspect 's stepfather intervened and was stabbed 11 times , according to Kelly . The stepfather -- Aleksandr Kuznetsov , 54 -- died , while the mother alerted authorities after surviving unscathed . Police believe Gelman , having then taken the Lexus , fatally stabbed the mother of his ex-girlfriend 11 times in her Brooklyn home around 10:30 a.m. . The victim , 56-year-old Anna Bulchenko , lived there -- which was about a mile north of the earlier stabbing -- with her daughter . Around 4:15 p.m. , Gelman 's former girlfriend returned home , found her mother dead on the floor and called 911 three times , police said . Commissioner Kelly said all the calls , the last of which came in around 4:18 p.m. , were brief and that authorities had arrived on the scene around 4:20 p.m. . In that short period , Gelman -- presumably lurking somewhere in the apartment -- went after 20-year-old Yelena Bulchenko with a knife , Kelly said . Likely stabbing her first inside , the suspect allegedly chased his former girlfriend into the street and -- after kniving the jacket sleeve of a passerby trying to stop him -- killed her . "  There 's no indication on the  911  tapes that she was aware of him being present , " Kelly said . "  It seemed  a tremendously traumatic experience for her . " Gelman hopped back into his Lexus , and rear-ended a 1995 Pontiac Bonneville , according to police . He stabbed that car 's driver -- a 60-year-old man whom Gelman did not know -- in the shoulder and neck in a confrontation , ditched his Lexus and left the scene in the Pontiac . Police said they later found four kitchen knives inside the Lexus . As of Saturday afternoon , the Pontiac 's original driver was in stable condition at a local hospital recovering from three stab wounds to the chest , according to the commissioner . Around 4:25 p.m. , Gelman drove the Pontiac into a pedestrian about two miles away in the Midwood section of Brooklyn , Kelly said . The man , later identified as 60-year-old Steve Tannenbaum , died of his injuries . The suspect eventually abandoned the Pontiac , which was found in Brooklyn near a railroad line that Gelman was known to frequent as a graffiti artist . Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday , according to Kelly , Gelman hopped into a cab in Brooklyn and stabbed its driver . That man is also in stable condition at a local hospital . The commissioner said Gelman then got out of the cab and confronted a couple , stabbing a 25-year-old man in the hands and taking his keys to a Nissan . That man , who Kelly said suffered only defensive wounds , was treated and released at a hospital . The Nissan was later found in the New York City borough of Queens , not far from a subway station . Around 8:30 a.m. Saturday , New York police got a phone tip that Gelman might have been riding on a southbound subway train in Manhattan . Another witness , who approached police at a subway stop , said Gelman knocked from her hands a newspaper that featured his picture and alleged exploits and said to her , "  Do you believe what they 're writing about me ? " Gelman crossed the tracks at a midtown Manhattan stop and jumped onto a northbound express train . The suspect stabbed another passenger -- a 40-year-old man , whom Gelman did n't appear to know -- in the head and neck sometime during his time onboard , Kelly said . That male subway passenger is also in stable condition . Eventually , the suspect worked his way to the front cab of the train . The commissioner said Gelman pounded on the cab 's door , yelling "  Police " -- apparently trying to get in , by claiming he was a police officer . He did not appear to know two transit police officers , later identified as Terrance Howell and Tamara Taylor , were inside the cab with the train 's operator . Soon after , the officers -- with aid from off-duty New York police Det. Marcelo Razzo and an unnamed civilian nearby -- wrestled Gelman to the ground . No one was hurt in that scuffle , during which a knife fell to the ground . Police also found Gelman had another , smaller , knife when they detained him . He also had what Kelly described as a "  significant amount of money . " "  This was a tremendous effort , " Kelly said , referring to the various law enforcement units and tools used to look for Gelman . Kelly said the suspect was mostly "  incoherent " after being arrested , besides a statement that "  she had to die . " The commissioner said he did not know if "  she " referred to Yelena Bulchenko , her mother or someone else . As of Saturday afternoon , Gelman had not yet been charged with any crime and was in a Manhattan police precinct . Kelly said Gelman had 10 previous arrests , mostly for drug charges and graffiti , plus one robbery charge . His most recent arrest came on January 26 , when he was accused of possessing crack . For roughly the past seven years , Gelman has been a naturalized U.S. citizen . He arrived in this country with his father and mother in 1992 from his native Ukraine . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect tried to get into the front of a subway car , saying he was police New York 's top cop says Maksim Gelman , 23 , fatally stabbed 3 people Gelman allegedly hit and killed someone with a stolen car , stabbed five others Three victims are Gelman 's stepfather , ex-girlfriend and ex-girlfriend 's mother
CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said in an interview broadcast Sunday that the Justice Department 's decision to review waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques is politically motivated . Former Vice President Dick Cheney criticized the review of interrogation methods . Cheney said he opposes the decision by Attorney General Eric Holder to ask a former prosecutor to review CIA interrogations of high-profile terrorism suspects . Cheney made clear he believes President Obama directed Holder to launch the review because the president is feeling pressure from left-wing Democrats . Cheney said the review will undermine the willingness of CIA personnel to conduct necessary operations . "  I think it 's a terrible decision , " Cheney said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  It 's clearly a political move . There 's no other rationale for why they 're doing this . " Watch senators spar over CIA probe " He criticized Obama for allowing a review considering the president previously said that CIA operatives involved in the interrogations would not be prosecuted . "  I think he 's trying to duck responsibility for what 's going on here , and I think it 's wrong , " Cheney said . Holder has said the Justice Department would not prosecute intelligence officers that followed legal guidance from the administration "  in good faith . " Cheney also addressed the separate announcement last week that President Obama had ordered a special interrogation unit to be housed within the FBI . Cheney called that idea "  silly . " "  I think it 's a direct slap at the CIA , " Cheney said . "  I do n't think it will work . I think that if they were faced with the kind of situation we were faced with in the aftermath of 9/11 , suddenly capturing people that may have knowledge about imminent attacks , and they 're going to have to have meetings and decide who gets to ask what question and who 's going to Mirandize the witness -- I just -- I think it 's -- it 's silly . "  It makes no sense . It 's not -- does n't appear to be a serious move in terms of being able to deal with the nation 's security , " Cheney said . Also last week , a 2004 inspector general 's report revealed interrogation methods , including U.S. interrogators threatening a captured al Qaeda operative with a power drill and an instance in which another threatened to kill a high-profile captive 's children . The report , released as a result of a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union , outlined the use of multiple unauthorized interrogation methods on suspected terrorists , including threats , "  blowing cigar smoke , employing certain stress positions , the use of a stiff brush on a detainee , and stepping on a detainee 's ankle shackles . " Critics say some of the techniques that had been authorized -- such as the use of waterboarding -- violated international law . A primary question is whether the techniques led to suspects providing valuable information that prevented further terror attacks . No evidence citing a direct link has emerged . But Cheney said in the Sunday interview that the evidence was clear -- there has not been another attack on U.S. soil since September 11 , 2001 . "  I think the evidence is overwhelming that the enhanced interrogation techniques persuaded them to cooperate , " Cheney said . "  How do you explain that ? The critics do n't have any solution for that . They criticize our policy , our way of doing business , but the results speak for themselves . " Cheney said the interrogation techniques "  were absolutely essential in saving thousands of American lives , in preventing further attacks against the United States , in giving us the intelligence we needed to go find al Qaeda , to find their camps , to find out how they were being financed . " The former vice president also said in the interview that he had approved waterboarding as a policy but was unaware of its use on specific individuals . "  I knew about the waterboarding , not specifically in any one case but as a policy we approved , " he said . Cheney said he knew of a case cited in the newly released reports of a suspect being threatened with a gun and an electric drill . "  The fact of the matter is the Justice Department reviewed all those allegations several years ago , " Cheney said . "  They looked at this question of whether or not somebody had an electric drill in an interrogation session . It was never used on the individual -- or that they had brought in a weapon , never used on the individual . " Although Holder said last week that the Justice Department would not prosecute intelligence officers that followed legal guidance from the administration , he also said that he has asked federal prosecutor John Durham to lead a preliminary investigation into the interrogations . Durham was appointed in 2008 by Holder 's predecessor , Michael Mukasey , to investigate the destruction of CIA interrogation tapes . The interrogations took place in the CIA 's secret prisons before 2006 , when former President Bush moved all detainees from such facilities to the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba . The Bush administration has acknowledged that it authorized enhanced interrogation techniques against suspected terrorists , arguing they produced valuable intelligence without violating U.S. laws banning torture . On Sunday , Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts said he disagreed with Cheney . Holder is acting independent of the president , Kerry said on ABC 's The Week . Holder 's decision "  shows that we have an attorney general who is not pursuing a political agenda but who is doing what he believes the law requires him to do and we have an administration on the other hand that is balancing some of those other interests , " Kerry said . Also weighing in on Sunday was Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , who spent more than five years in captivity and was tortured as a POW in Vietnam . McCain said he opposes further review of past interrogations . But the senator and 2008 Presidential candidate also noted on the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that the enhanced interrogation techniques violated the Geneva Convention against torture and other methods could be used to obtain the same information . The use of enhanced interrogation techniques also had harmed America 's image , McCain said . "  If you inflict enough pain on anyone , they 'll tell you anything to make the pain stop . So you not only get perhaps right information but you also get a lot of wrong information , " McCain said . "  The damage that it did to America 's image in the world is something we 're still on the way to repairing . This is an ideological struggle as well as a physical one . "	"  A terrible decision " former vice president says of reviewing interrogations Cheney believes probe will make CIA less effective in carrying out operations Sen. John McCain says he opposes any further review of past interrogations
EW.com  -- If you 've ever had the burning desire to see one of the hottest film stars of the moment bray , "  I am not an animal ! " you 're in luck . Bradley Cooper , who just received his second Oscar nomination in as many years for his fussy , conflicted G-man in David O. Russell 's American Hustle , will be returning to Broadway after an eight-year absence , the actor 's reps tell EW .  His last appearance was opposite Julia Roberts and Paul Rudd in 2006 $  s Three Days of Rain , for which he got very good notices . EW : See full stage coverage The red-hot actor will headline a revival of Bernard Pomerance 's The Elephant Man , playing John Merrick , the severely deformed , soulful figure memorably embodied on film in David Lynch 's 1980 film version by John Hurt . The play , unlike the film , has the leading actor suggest deformity through physicality without the aid of makeup or prosthetics , so you 'll get to see Cooper in all his golden-boy glory , just like in the large pic right here , which highlights Mr. Cooper 's 2012 performance in the play at the Williamstown Theatre Festival . This marks the second Broadway revival of Pomerance 's Tony-winning play , after a 2002 production starring Billy Crudup and Kate Burton , who were both nominated for Tonys for their work . EW : Bradley Cooper , Patricia Clarkson join ` The Elephant Man ' in Williamstown No word yet on whether Patricia Clarkson  who played Mrs. Kendal , the actress who befriends Merrick  or Alessandro Nivola  who played Dr. Treves , and also happens to costar in Hustle with Cooper  will rejoin People 's former Sexiest Man Alive for the Broadway run , but further details are promised at a later date . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bradley Cooper is returning to Broadway after 8 years He last appeared opposite Julia Roberts in "  Three Days of Rain " This will be the second revival of the play
CNN  -- U.S. and NATO forces are engaged in a futile war against the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , Canada 's prime minister said . Canadian leader Stephen Harper says he backs President Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan . " "  We are not going to ever defeat the insurgency , " Stephen Harper told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in an interview that aired Sunday . "  Afghanistan has probably had -- my reading of Afghanistan history -- it 's probably had an insurgency forever , of some kind . " Harper 's blunt assessment comes as nearly 2,800 Canadian forces are fighting in Afghanistan . The country 's parliament has voted to pull them out by 2011 . Harper spoke with Zakaria last week after a visit by President Obama , who made Canada his first foreign trip since taking office in January . Obama has said Afghanistan is the central front to the U.S.-led war on terror . The Pentagon is in the process of sending an additional 17,000 troops to Afghanistan , bringing the total there to 55,000 . Harper told CNN that he supports Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan " but said he would not recommit any more Canadian troops until there is a clear plan for leaving Afghanistan . "  What has to happen in Afghanistan is , we have to have an Afghan government that is capable of managing that insurgency and improving its own governance , " Harper said . "  If President Obama wants anybody to do more , I would ask very hard questions about what is the strategy for success and for an eventual departure . "	Prime Minister Stephen Harper : "  We are not going to ever defeat the insurgency " Canada 's parliament has voted to pull its troops from Afghanistan by 2011 Harper says he supports President Obama 's "  renewed commitment to Afghanistan " But Harper says he wo n't recommit more troops until there 's a clear plan for leaving
CNN  -- A quarrel between occupants of two vehicles at a McDonald 's restaurant drive-through in southern Finland erupted in gunfire Tuesday , leaving three men dead , police said . Three occupants in one of the vehicles have been arrested , said Peter Fagerholm , a detective inspector in the town of Porvoo . The two vehicles were in line at the restaurant about 2 a.m. when the quarrel began , Fagerholm said . Shots from a semiautomatic handgun were fired from a Toyota SUV into a convertible driven by a pregnant woman and carrying four men . Two of the men in the convertible , ages 28 and 45 , died at the scene . Another 28-year-old man died Tuesday afternoon at a hospital in Finland 's capital , Helsinki , about 50 miles to the west , Fagerholm said . Two of the men were shot in the head , the other in the chest , he said . The cause of the argument was not immediately known . "  We believe it was a very small issue " that escalated , Fagerholm said late Tuesday . He said he does n't believe the parties in the different cars knew each other , or that the shooting was preplanned . The SUV carried one woman and two men , Fagerholm said . One of the men , 41 , is the principal suspect . In 1995 he was sentenced to life in prison on one count of murder and two counts of attempted homicide , Fagerholm said . He was released on parole in December . Fagerholm would not release the suspect 's name . Authorities are speaking with witnesses in a third car in the drive-through line . CNN 's Lianne Turner and Phil Gast contributed to this report	Three men were shot to death during a quarrel outside a restaurant in Finland One of two vehicles at the McDonald 's drive-through was driven by a pregnant woman The suspected gunman previously served a murder sentence
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Oscar said yes to "  No Country for Old Men " and to European actors on Sunday night . Actors Daniel Day-Lewis , Tilda Swinton , Marion Cotillard and Javier Bardem toast their success . "  No Country , " the Coen brothers ' brutal tale of a man pursued by death and the law across the bleak moonscapes of West Texas , won best picture at the 80th Academy Awards . The four acting awards , meanwhile , went to Europeans : Marion Cotillard , Daniel Day-Lewis , Javier Bardem and Tilda Swinton . The Coens also won best director and best adapted screenplay , and Bardem , who played cattle-gun-armed killer Anton Chigurh , won best supporting actor . Producer Scott Rudin shared the best picture award with the brothers . "  We 're very thankful to all of you out there for letting us continue to play in our corner of the sandbox , so thank you very much , " Joel Coen said in accepting the directing award . He observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , Ethan Coen "  got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the Minneapolis International Airport with a Super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` Henry Kissinger , Man on the Go . ' " Watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks " The Coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as "  Fargo , " "  O Brother , Where Art Thou " and "  The Big Lebowski , " received some laughs for Ethan Coen 's laconic acceptance speeches . After the pair won for adapted screenplay , Ethan Coen gave a brief thanks . Upon winning the directing award , he expanded on his speech slightly , sort of : "  I do n't have a lot to add to what I said earlier . Thank you , " he said . Day-Lewis was more effusive in his thanks after winning best actor for his performance as a misanthropic oilman in "  There Will Be Blood . " "  My deepest thanks to the members of the Academy for whacking me with the handsomest bludgeon in town , " the British actor said as he accepted the award . "  I 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and I 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , Michael Balcon , my father , Cecil Day-Lewis , and my three fine boys , Gabriel , Ronan and Cashel , " he added . See the complete list of winners As he accepted his first Oscar , Bardem , one of Spain 's top actors , thanked his directors and reflected on his role as a creepy killer with a bad haircut . "  Thank you to the Coens for being crazy enough to think that I could do that , and to put one of the most horrible haircuts in history over my head , " he said . Watch "  No Country " win best picture " It was his second career nomination . His other came for "  Before Night Falls "  2000  , in which he played Cuban poet Reinaldo Arenas . In a mild surprise , French actress Cotillard won her first Academy Award for her portrayal of singer Edith Piaf in "  La Vie en Rose . " Early handicappers had bet heavily on veteran Julie Christie , a previous Oscar winner who played a woman falling victim to Alzheimer 's in "  Away from Her . " But Cotillard , who 's received raves for her performance as the French singer , had been considered a strong contender for best actress . "  I 'm speechless now ... I ... I ... thank you life , thank you love , " Cotillard exclaimed . "  And it is true , there are some angels in this city . Thank you so , so much ! " The actress has appeared in dozens of films in her native France , but she may be most recognizable to American audiences for her performances in "  A Very Long Engagement "  2004  and "  Big Fish "  2003  . In a highly competitive race , Swinton nabbed the best supporting actress Oscar for her portrayal as lawyer Karen Crowder in the legal drama "  Michael Clayton . " "  I have an American agent who is the spitting image of this . Really , truly , the same shape head and , it has to be said , the buttocks , " the British actress said , examining her new Oscar . "  And I 'm giving this to him because there 's no way I 'd be in America at all , ever , on a plane if it was n't for him . " See Swinton on the red carpet " Swinton beat out 83-year-old Ruby Dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first Oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing Mama Lucas to Denzel Washington 's drug kingpin Frank Lucas in "  American Gangster . " Swinton also beat Cate Blanchett  as a mid - '60s take on Bob Dylan in "  I 'm Not There "  and Amy Ryan  a difficult working-class mother in "  Gone Baby Gone "  . The Academy Awards opened with host Jon Stewart joking about the recently ended writers strike -- which forced a cutback in the Golden Globes and threatened the Oscars as well -- and commenting on the bleakness of the best picture nominees . "  Tonight we look beyond the dark days to focus on happier fare : This year 's slate of Oscar-nominated psychopathic killer movies , " Stewart joked . "  Does this town need a hug ? What happened ? ` No Country For Old Men , ' ` Sweeney Todd , ' ` There Will Be Blood ' ? All I can say is , thank God for -LSB- the comedy "  Juno 's " -RSB- teen pregnancy . I think the country agrees . " Check out Oscar prep photos " "  Juno " has been the little movie that could all season . The film , which cost a relatively paltry $ 7.5 million , was the only best picture nominee to top $ 100 million at the box office , ensuring it a rooting interest from moviegoers . Star Ellen Page received plaudits for her performance as the title character , and screenwriter Diablo Cody -- famously a former stripper -- has become one of Hollywood 's "  it " scribes . Cody won best original screenplay . "  This is for the writers . I want to thank all the writers . I especially want to thank my fellow nominees because I worship you guys and I 'm learning from you every day , " Cody said . The first award of the evening , for costume design , went to "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age . " The best animated feature went to "  Ratatouille , " a computer-animated Pixar film directed and written by Oscar winner Brad Bird  "  The Incredibles "  . The rat-turns-chef movie beat out "  Persepolis , " based on the graphic novel by Marjane Satrapi , and "  Surf 's Up , " a computer-animated film about penguins . "  The Counterfeiters " from Austria took the best foreign-language film . The movie is based on a true story about a counterfeiter who , after being sent to a concentration camp , was employed by the Nazis to fake other countries ' currency . Best original song was awarded to "  Falling Slowly " from "  Once . " It beat out three songs from "  Enchanted , " the Disney film about an animated princess come to life . The Oscars were spread around . "  No Country " picked up four , "  The Bourne Ultimatum " earned three  one for its rapid-fire editing  and "  There Will Be Blood " received two : Day-Lewis ' acting award and Robert Elswit 's cinematography honor . But nobody had any doubt what film was considered the evening 's big winner . "  There 's nothing like it , and especially with these two guys , " producer Rudin said backstage with the Coens of their unusual Western . "  I 'm incredibly proud , and I think it 's the best movie we have been involved with . I loved it from the first minute I saw it . " E-mail to a friend	"  No Country for Old Men " wins four awards , including best picture and director Four acting awards go to Europeans : Cotillard , Day-Lewis , Bardem and Swinton Best original screenplay is awarded to former stripper Diablo Cody for "  Juno " Host Jon Stewart jokes about the recently ended writers strike
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- One day while driving with her father , Hannah Salwen noticed a Mercedes stopped next to a homeless man sitting on the curb . The Salwen family of Atlanta , Georgia , has decided to sell this house and give half the proceeds to charity . "  I said to my dad , ` If that guy did n't have such a nice car , then that guy could have a nice meal , ' " the 15-year-old from Atlanta , Georgia , recalled . And so began the tale of what the Salwen family calls "  Hannah 's Lunchbox . " Watch why family wants to give away $ 800K " It started as family discussions about what they needed versus what was enough . Hannah 's father Kevin , an entrepreneur , is on the board of the Atlanta Habitat for Humanity and is no stranger to community work , but he said this family conversation was life-changing . "  We stopped and paused and thought about what are the things in the world that could really make a difference , a little bit of difference in the world , " he said . They talked about selling their cars or other things , but it was Hannah 's mother , Joan , who came up with selling their 6,500-square-foot house , donating half the proceeds and then moving into a house half the size . For nine years , the family lived in a historic 1912 mansion near downtown Atlanta . It boasts five bedrooms , eight fireplaces , a kitchen that would make any cook jealous and even an elevator . See the new and old houses , side by side " When Hannah would bring friends over , she said , often their jaws would drop and they 'd gasp , "  Wow , you live here ? " Like most teens , Hannah loves to shop , and she jammed every space of her massive walk-in closet full of clothes . But she also knows many people are less fortunate ; she volunteers at a local community food bank and other relief agencies . Joan Salwen , a teacher , said the mansion was her dream home . "  It was a challenge , " she said of giving up that house . "  It was a test , almost , to see : How committed are we ? I mean , how serious are these kids about what we should do ? And they all nodded and there we were . " So the Salwens put the house up for sale in May 2007 and started figuring out what they would do with half the proceeds , which would amount to more than $ 800,000 . They spent six months researching charity organizations before deciding on the Hunger Project , an organization dedicated to helping end world hunger through people helping themselves . Hunger Project Vice President John Coonrod said the family met with organizers in New York and notified them months later that the charity was the winner . When the Salwen house sells , the money will be channeled through The Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta over a six-year period and end up in Ghana , Coonrod said . "  This will underwrite a process in more than 30 villages to enable people to meet all of their basic needs on a sustainable basis , " he said . "  They will be able to grow enough food , to build clinics and schools , and the villagers will be doing the lion 's share of the work . " Coonrod said he 'd never heard of a family donating in this way . "  Hannah 's awakening to social injustice , and her family 's ability to make a difference in that issue will make a profound difference in the lives of tens of thousands of people , " he said , estimating the money could affect more than 20,000 people in Ghana . Hannah 's 13-year-old brother , Joseph , was so impressed with his big sister 's ideas that he made a three-minute video of the family 's project . Watch Joseph 's video The video won the grand prize in the 2008 "  My Home : The American Dream " contest , sponsored by Coldwell Banker and Scholastic Publishing . In the video , Joseph tells viewers , "  We 're showing you can redefine the American dream . " But the Salwens ' house has sat on the market for more than a year . It 's a tough time to sell any house , let alone one with an asking price of nearly $ 1.8 million . Real estate agent Sally George said she 's shown the house 40 or 50 times , and there have been nibbles but no buyers . See the house 's real estate listing Many people are interested in the house 's rich history but often do n't know anything about the philanthropic aspects of the family 's project . "  I 've never handled a house selling for this reason , " George said . "  I did n't learn about what the family was doing until early this year . " Hannah and Joseph said most of their friends at school do n't know about it . "  We did n't do it for the fame or the glory , " said Joan Salwen . "  This was something Hannah sort of yanked us into . " Even though it was Joan Salwen 's idea to sell the house , it has been tough for her to give it up . "  I have to admit , " she said , "  I loved living in this house . Does that make me an evil person ? I hope not because it 's a beautiful place . " The family recently moved to a house less than half the size of their mansion four blocks away . While Hannah 's friends called her old home the "  wow house , " this one is more ordinary and that 's fine with her . Lately the family has spent a lot of time around the kitchen table talking about an upcoming two-week trip to Ghana . The Salwens will spend six or seven hours a day visiting the villages where their money will be put to work . Kevin Salwen said the new house is great , it 's just smaller . "  We as Americans have so much , " said Salwen , a former Wall Street Journal writer . "  We love the concept of half . We are going from a house that 's 6,000 square feet to a house that 's half the size , and we 're giving away half the money . "  And we do think everyone can do something if they think through half . "	Family tries to sell $ 1.8 million mansion and give half the proceeds to charity Decision comes after discussions about how much wealth is needed Family voluntarily downsizes to more ordinary house After sale , money will go to villages in Ghana via the Hunger Project
CNN  -- The number of people forced from their homes worldwide has risen to 43.7 million , the highest level in 15 years , according to a U.N. refugee agency report released Monday . That 's up from 43.3 million people a year earlier , said UNHCR 's 2010 Global Trends report , which was released to coincide with World Refugee Day . Of those displaced , the report classified 15.4 million people as refugees forced to flee their country and 27.5 million as displaced persons within their own country , forced to leave their home because of conflict or natural disaster , the report said . The release of the annual report comes amid ireports of people fleeing conflict in Syria , Sudan and Libya . In recent days , thousands have begun fleeing to refugee camps set up along the Syria-Turkey border to accommodate those attempting to escape a Syrian military crackdown on anti-government demonstrators . "  Four-fifths of world refugees are in the developing world , and it is the developing world that needs international solidarity to cope with this challenge , " Antonio Guterres , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said Monday . A woman , who identified herself as Nour , said she fled to the camps because she believed she would die if she stayed in Syria . "  I come here . This circumstance is so difficult , " she said . "  I am pregnant . I can not bear such things . " The report said 10.5 million of the world 's refugees are under the care of the United Nations , and another 4.82 million are registered with the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees . "  I think there are two dramatic misperceptions  regarding refugees  , " Guterres said . "  The first is the idea that all refugees come into the north , into Europe , which is not true ... and the second perception is the inability to distinguish what economic migration is -- people moving from one country to another because they want , and that 's a very legitimate aspiration , a better life , and what refugees are -- those that are fleeing the conflict and persecution , those that have no alternative but to flee from their country . " The report also found that Afghans accounted for a third of the world 's refugees , followed by Iraqis , Somalis , Congolese and Sudanese refugees . Four-fifths of the world 's refugees live in some of the world 's poorest countries , with Pakistan , Iran and Syria hosting the most refugees , according to the report . "  The world is failing these people , leaving them to wait out the instability back home and put their lives on hold indefinitely , " Guterres said in a written statement . "  Developing countries can not continue to bear this burden alone , and the industrialized world must address this imbalance . " Guterres called for increased settlement quotas and accelerated peace initiatives in long-standing conflicts so that refugees can go home . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	The United Nations says record number of people have fled their homes The U.N. releases its report to coincide with World Refugee Day Afghans account for a third of the world 's refugees , the report says Report : Four-fifths of the world 's refugees live in the world 's poorest countries
CNN  It would have made Thomas Jefferson proud . Established on the birthday of the American founding father , Liberland -- the world 's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be . A tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land , marked on maps as Gornja Siga , its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia . The victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia , it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man 's land . No one lives on this patch of land , which is heavily forested and contains only badly-maintained access roads and a run-down house , abandoned for decades . This is where Euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka stepped in . On April 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory , declaring the area the Free Republic of Liberland -- a tiny sliver of a country , bigger only than the Vatican and Monaco . He tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 and is inviting , through the media , the world 's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony marking the presumptive nation 's birth . He says that he will also invite 7,500 of the 300,000 applicants that applied to become citizens of Liberland to the ceremony , where he will grant them citizenship . "  I will grant citizenship if they can make it to the party , " he told CNN by phone . "  It 's short notice but a good challenge , and also for the presidents  and other heads of state  if they can make it to the founding of our country . " Jedlicka , an active member of the Czech Republic 's Party of Free Citizens , opposes excessive government interference . He says his attempts to enact change in his home country led him to the political experiment that is Liberland . "  I would describe it as a global revolution . It 's just the beginning , " he tells CNN via Skype . Founded on staunchly libertarian principles -- its motto is "  To live and let live " -- its website describes its system of governance as being a "  constitutional republic with elements of direct democracy . " It will use a form of cryptocurrency -- similar to Bitcoin -- as its national currency , bypassing the need for a central bank and will , according to its constitution , keep government 's noses out of everything possible , from the banks to prostitution . "  Liberland prides itself on personal and economic freedom of its people , which is guaranteed by the Constitution , which significantly limits the power of politicians so they could not interfere too much in the freedoms of the Liberland nation , " the world 's newest constitutional document states . Financial regulation will be minimal , if at all present . Jedlicka says almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received , about 20 of which have been accepted . "  Thousands of Americans , Swiss people . Also a lot of Arabic peoples who feel oppressed by the regimes there . " He envisions , ultimately , a community of around 35,000 Liberlanders , not all of whom will be full-time residents . He says he expects trouble from his neighbors , whose land he has effectively annexed . "  From Serbia , Croatia , we expect some trouble but we expect international laws will applied and any movement against us would be an attack on a sovereign nation , and we will offer nothing but passive resistance . For now ,  though  we will make roads , docks . " For its part , the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement to CNN that stated that Liberland would not theoretically impinge upon its border , which is delineated by the Danube , but "  the Ministry also considers this a frivolous act which needs no further comment . " Croatia 's counterpart was similarly dismissive . "  Virtual quips , however interesting they occasionally sound , remain what they are -- virtual quips , and for them we have no official comment . "	Vit Jedlicka , the first president of Liberland , tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 On April 13 , Jedlicka declared an area between Croatia and Serbia "  the Free Republic of Liberland " Jedlicka says that almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have so far been received
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Kings finally have their name in lights . Their Stanley Cup triumph has lifted a weight from the shoulders of die-hard fans who have been pining for a championship trophy for 45 long years . The scrappy Kings grabbed the National Hockey League 's prestigious Stanley Cup with a 6-1 win over the New Jersey Devils . Now La La Land is rolling out the red carpet for ice hockey 's tenacious new champions , who won a long-elusive crown with Hollywood flair and reality-show grit . "  I have no words to describe this , " one fan said . "  Other than my children being born and having graduated the Police Academy , this is the single most joyous day of my life . " Now , he says , he can scratch one more item off his "  bucket list . " "  The mountain has been climbed ! " For him and other Kings ' fanatics across Southern California and in the team 's growing and crazed diaspora , the championship -- the first for the Kings since they began play in 1967 -- ended decades of futility for a franchise struggling for success in a sport typically associated with frigid temperatures and icy lakes . "  We 're No. 1 ! " long-suffering Kings fans shouted as they streamed out of the Staples Center after the game on Monday night , undaunted by a heavy police presence . Others formed a mosh pit outside the arena , jumping and smashing into one another other in celebration . As of late Monday evening , Los Angeles police reported a few minor arrests but no major problems . The Die Hard Los Angeles Kings Fan Page on Facebook chronicled the rapture , relief and disbelief from the legions who 've pulled for the team , as one fan put it , "  through thick and thin . " "  I love you My Boyzz , " one elated fan said . Another did n't know if this was a Hollywood movie or reality : "  I still need to be pinched . " "  An amazing feeling , " another fan said . "  Phew . Man . Just . Wow . " Once an afterthought in the city of showbiz and bright lights , the Kings reached the pinnacle of professional hockey in a region long dominated by the NBA 's Lakers and Clippers , baseball 's Dodgers and Angels , and football and basketball at UCLA and University of Southern California . The Kings have even been overshadowed by their crosstown Pacific Division rival , the Anaheim Ducks , which won the Stanley Cup in 2007 just 14 years after the franchise started . This year , Los Angeles just edged into the playoffs as the 8th and last seed in the NHL 's Western Conference . Regarded as a solid and respectable team , chances appeared slim that the team would advance in the grinding post-season play that started two months ago . But the black-clad underdogs , led by goalie Jonathan Quick , slew Goliaths in several best-of-seven series on their way to glory . They humbled the Vancouver Canucks , a team that had scored 111 points in this year 's regular season , the most in the league . Then the Kings swept the St. Louis Blues and overpowered the Phoenix Coyotes . They dominated the Devils , a three-time Stanley Cup champion , in the first three games of the series , but New Jersey , with great players such as Ilya Kovalchuk , Patrik Elias , and Zach Parise , did n't say die . After taking a 3-0 lead , the Devils beat the Kings in the next two games . For the Kings , the specter of losing the series after taking a 3-0 would have been a nightmare for a script that appeared headed to a happy ending . But the Kings rose to the occasion at the Staples Center on Monday night and blocked the Devils ' dream of an upset . The pace of the game was set in the first period , when the Kings scored three goals during a five-minute power play in the first period after the Devils ' Steve Bernier was ejected for boarding . That 's when a player is pushed or checked violently into the boards of the rink . "  I 'm probably going to watch the Kings Stanley Cup DVD everyday until next season starts , " one person said on the Facebook fan page . Quick displayed his usual prowess , winning the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player during the playoffs . He outshone Devils ' goalie legend Martin Brodeur in the finals , but he deferred credit for the Kings ' success to the team . For example , Drew Doughty and Jeff Carter performed with power and flair . Darryl Sutter , longtime player and coach , took over as Kings ' coach in December when the team was faltering , and he spurred the team to greater achievement . Captain Dustin Brown -- who hoisted the cup before a roaring home crowd at the Staples Center before the trophy passed from one screaming King to another -- was another cog in the Kings ' wheel . "  You ca n't say enough about this group and how hard they worked , " Quick said . "  I hope everyone realizes how amazing Quick is ... he had perhaps the best postseason ever for a goalie , " a man on the fan page said . "  The Kings need to lock him up for the next 10 years !!! " Champagne flowed freely in the Kings ' locker room -- including into the Stanley Cup itself . The team reveled in the fact that it was the first-ever No. 8 seed and lowest seed in the modern era to win the NHL championship . The mood was much more somber in the Devils ' locker room . "  I 'm not the kind of player that wants to hurt this team , I want to help them , " Bernier told reporters . "  They scored three goals in those five minutes . " In-depth Stanley Cup coverage at Sports Illustrated The fan mania is a reminder of that the NHL is popular in the South and the West , not just in Canada and the icy northern U.S. states . The NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning , the Florida Panthers , the Dallas Stars , the Nashville Predators , the Carolina Hurricanes , and the San Jose Sharks sport popular franchises . In sunny Los Angeles , meanwhile , the high-pitched enthusiasm rippled through the palm trees . "  This is , " one man told reporters . "  The best city for hockey . " The last time the Kings garnered this much attention back home was in the late 1980s and early 1990s , propelled by the league 's all-time top scorer , Wayne Gretzky . "  So when are they gon na make the movie about our cup run ??? " one Kings ' fanatic said on the Facebook page . iReporters , share your thoughts on Monday 's game CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Los Angeles , and CNN 's Holly Yan reported from Atlanta .	NEW : "  I still need to be pinched , " one disbelieving fan said NEW : This is Southern California 's 2nd Stanley Cup ; the Ducks won in '07 NEW : The Kings defeated better teams in the playoffs , including the Vancouver Canucks NEW : One fan says the Kings need to "  lock up " Quick for the next 10 years
CNN  -- Update : Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority reported Friday , that it is satisfied "  that while this was a reportable event , and both pilots were concerned they were suffering symptoms of severe fatigue and took controlled rest separately , they did not fall asleep at the same time . " Previous update published on September 26 , 2013 -- 2247 GMT  0647 HKT  : Cruising at 30,000 feet , pilots snoozed in the cockpit of a 300-passenger airliner en route to Britain last August , UK aviation authorities told CNN on Thursday . A spokesman for the UK 's Civil Aviation Authority tells CNN that the Airbus A330 incident occurred while the aircraft was operating on autopilot on a long-distance flight . The CAA would n't reveal any other details of the flight , its route or its destination airport . Sources told CNN 's Richard Quest the airline is Virgin Atlantic . The airline in a statement said , "  Virgin Atlantic can confirm no safety reports have been received about pilots falling asleep simultaneously whilst in control of an aircraft . " British pilots are allowed to sleep while in the cockpit under certain circumstances . The August 13 incident appears to be the result of bad scheduling by the airline , said the CAA spokesman Richard Taylor . The pilots reported having only five hours of sleep over two nights "  due to longer duty period with insufficient opportunity to sleep , " the CAA report states . "  Both crew rested for 20 minute rotations and fell asleep . " The aircraft apparently arrived at its destination safely . It 's the first British incident of its kind in two years , said Taylor . He said it 's unlikely the pilots will be disciplined . "  You ca n't have five hours of sleep in two days , " says veteran airline pilot and aviation consultant Mark Weiss . "  That does n't work . " Fatigue ranks among the most sensitive issues in the pilot community . Rules surrounding sleep and relief crews vary from country to country . Jim McAusian , general secretary of the British Pilots Association , used the incident to blast the CAA 's record on pilot fatigue in a statement Thursday , accusing it of being "  far too complacent about the levels of tiredness among British pilots and failing to acknowledge the scale of the underreported problem . " Next week , the European Parliament is expected to vote on new EU rules regulating pilot flying hours . McAusian said the proposed rules will increase "  tiredness among pilots and the risk of dangerous incidents . " In the U.S. , flights longer than eight hours require a relief pilot on board to take over so pilots can take a break to sleep . If the flight is scheduled to last more than 12 hours , an additional relief pilot must be added . Should cockpit sleeping be allowed ? Believe it or not , some experts say pilots sleeping at the controls is n't always dangerous . Aviation rules in some nations allow pilots to nap in the cockpit during ultra-long-haul flights -- across oceans , for instance . Rules vary , but generally , the sleeping pilot must be supervised by another pilot during the naps . There are also backup alarm systems in place to awaken pilots if an emergency arises . The CAA refused to tell CNN whether it has evidence that both pilots were asleep simultaneously . The report is ambiguous , the agency says . If both pilots at the controls had fallen asleep simultaneously , Virgin Atlantic would be required to file a report with the CAA . The airline told CNN that it has no record of both pilots falling asleep at the same time . It 's possible the pilots were resting one at a time under an authorized cockpit napping program . Among U.S. pilots , cockpit napping violates FAA rules . But some experts , including Weiss , favor the idea . "  This is a personal belief , " he said , "  but I would rather have somebody take a nap during a cruise part of a flight so that pilot would be at peak performance during a high-traffic situation or a landing . " Unauthorized cockpit napping among U.S. pilots is n't "  that prevalent , " Weiss says , "  but that 's not to say it does n't happen . " Curt Graeber , who was with Boeing for 19 years , headed a NASA/FAA study that recommended the FAA allow cockpit napping . But the FAA has never adopted the idea . "  I think it 's political , " he told CNN . "  I guess it 's difficult to tell the public that the captain is asleep on the flight deck . " "  Everyone I talk to who uses it says it 's a stopgap measure to improve safety and reduce the risk of sleep loss . " Studies have shown , Weiss says , that taking a 20-minute nap will allow pilots to regain energy . "  It 's not a bad idea to allow pilots to take short naps , " he said . Instead of allowing in-flight napping aboard U.S. airlines , the FAA has mandated that long-haul routes include relief pilots and special onboard sleeping quarters that must be available for the flight crew . Other sleeping incidents Of course the UK sleeping incident revealed Thursday is n't the first of its kind . Last February , the Dutch airline Transavia said it had launched an investigation after a Boeing 737 pilot was locked out of the cockpit and his first officer was later found asleep at the controls . The sleeping pilot had been left alone at the controls while his co-pilot took a bathroom break . The incident took place in September 2012 , when the airliner was flying from Greece to the Netherlands , a top Dutch safety investigation agency said . The 737 landed safely in Amsterdam as scheduled . Related story : Pilot locked out of cockpit while co-pilot slept Fatigue played a role in the 2009 crash of Colgan Air Flight 3407 near Buffalo , New York , which killed 50 people . The National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash cited pilot error as a factor , adding , "  the pilots ' performance was likely impaired because of fatigue , but the extent of their impairment and the degree to which it contributed to the performance deficiencies that occurred during the flight can not be conclusively determined . " Also in 2009 , Northwest Flight 188 -- an Airbus A320 carrying 144 people and five crew members -- flew past the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . One of the pilots told CNN that no one was sleeping on the flight deck at the time . The two pilots "  became distracted by a conversation , " according to a report by the National Transportation Safety Board . Related story : Pilots say they were n't asleep when they overshot airport CNN 's Richard Quest , Erin McLaughlin and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Virgin Atlantic : We have no evidence that both pilots were asleep simultaneously Pilots of British airline slept in the cockpit at 30,000 feet , UK aviation officials say Report : The incident was "  due to longer duty period with insufficient opportunity to sleep " Some countries allow one pilot at a time to sleep in the cockpit , under certain circumstances
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Wednesday is National Day , a day for all Chinese to celebrate the People 's Republic of China . Yes , dignitaries gathered and ceremonies took place to mark the holiday in Hong Kong . But the national pride mixed with profound dissent as pro-democracy protesters occupied parts of the Asian business hub -- not to celebrate the central government in Beijing , but to denounce and challenge it . LIVE BLOG : Follow CNN 's coverage of the protests There was a sense , entering Wednesday , that the protest ranks could swell with more people off work for the holiday . The movement has seemingly grown regardless , unaffected by clashes with police , thunderstorms and repeated admonitions by authorities who have refused to budge . So there they were , Wednesday morning , waking up to chants over loudspeakers calling for the local chief executive 's resignation , for police not to use violence against them and for everyone to "  protect Hong Kong . " Flag-raising protest Student pro-democracy leader Joshua Wong , who was arrested during protests Friday and released Sunday , led a group of students in a silent protest at the official National Day flag-raising ceremony in Golden Bauhinia Square . The group silently turned their backs to the flag and raised their arms in crosses as the Chinese flag and the flag of Hong Kong were raised . "  We crossed our arms because we want to express our dissatisfaction toward the government , to reflect our mistrust towards the central Chinese government , and to object to the National People 's Congress decision on August 31 , " he said , referring to Beijing 's controversial ruling to allow only candidates approved by a nominating committee to run for office as Hong Kong 's chief executive . In the build-up to the flag-raising , a statement from Wong 's Scholarism group calling for calm and restraint during the ceremony was widely circulated among protesters on social media networks . "  Just wear black , stay quiet with your chin down or carry an umbrella , " read a message . "  No matter how much you dislike a country , disturbing its flag-raising ceremony will only be disrespectful . " As CNN 's Ivan Watson noted from downtown Hong Kong , little seemed to have damped demonstrators ' fervor . Then again , there was also no sign that authorities are ready to give in . "  Both sides appear to be digging in their heels , " Watson said . When it was transferred from British to Chinese control in 1997 , Hong Kong was supposed to be the centerpiece of Beijing 's one nation , two systems approach . But protesters fear that independence is slipping away . They decry a recent decision allowing national government leaders to vet -- in other words , decide who is in and who is out -- any candidates up for a vote to lead Hong Kong 's government . Changing that policy is demand No. 1 for the protesters , who say that having every citizen get a vote in an election is moot if the options are decided in Beijing . A growing number have also blasted Hong Kong 's current leader for putting the central government ahead of his own citizens and demanded he step down . One demonstrator , Jobie Soo , explained to CNN 's Watson : "  We want the government  just to respect the democracy that Hong Kong deserves and really uphold the principle of one country , two systems . " The powers-that-be do n't appear to be in much of a talking mood . They have refused to budge while condemning the protests , which they say are against the law and are undermining Hong Kong 's economic and security . Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung , a day after saying "  this illegal protest will not force the central government to go back on its decision August 31 , " said Wednesday that people should accept a deal as is . Speaking at a National Day reception , Leung said , "  It is understandable that different people may have different ideas about a desirable reform package . But it is definitely better to have universal suffrage than not . "  It is definitely better to have the  chief executive  elected by five million eligible voters than by 1,200 people . And it is definitely better to cast your vote at the polling station than to stay home and watch on television the 1,200 members of the Election Committee cast their votes . " Hong Kong leader : ` This is based on the basic law ' Like other chief executives , Leung was n't elected by a popular vote but rather by a 1,200-strong committee stacked with Beijing loyalists . That was set to change in 2017 . In a way , it will . Leung points out that "  we will be able to have one-person , one-vote " -- meaning citizens , not just committee members , can cast ballots . But as to which candidates they can choose from , the chief executive said that much has been settled and it wo n't change . "  I understand this universal suffrage is somewhat different to what the public thinks it would be , " he said . "  But this is based on the basic law . We still want to remain peaceful , calm and think what the best is for Hong Kong . " Leung has backing from pro-Beijing groups like The Silent Majority for Hong Kong , who have had their own rallies and run advertising campaigns to preach their message that pro-democracy activists will "  endanger Hong Kong " and create chaos . While the city of 7 million people is still bustling in some ways , the unrest already has had an impact on one of Asia 's biggest financial centers . ATM services were disrupted and 37 bank branches closed Tuesday , according to the Hong Kong Information Services Department . Leung said ambulances and fire trucks had to be rerouted to get around the crowds . Some 157 schools closed Tuesday . The Hong Kong government canceled the city 's annual National Day fireworks display because of the protests . Officials in the city have spoken out against the protest and -- at least on Sunday -- acted out . That 's when police hurled 87 tear gas canisters into the crowd after they refused to heed calls to disperse , spurring protests . "  We gave them enough of a chance to leave , and this included warnings , " Assistant Police Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said Monday , explaining the police decision . "  But when they failed , we had to use force . " Such forceful sentiment are n't being heard everywhere , however . Leaders in Beijing have been largely silent about what 's happening in Hong Kong . At the United Nations building in New York on Tuesday , CNN 's Richard Roth asked China 's deputy U.N. ambassador what he thought of the protests . Wang Min replied , "  What , where ? Hong Kong is part of China , " and then walked away . Activist : ` It 's more or less like North Korea ' Contrast this silence to what 's happening in Hong Kong . Even as censors blocked access to Instagram after images of protests flooded the photo-sharing app and China blocked out reporting on Hong Kong in mainland China , those on the streets managed to make their voices heard in other ways . Some took to Twitter , and a few turned to CNN iReport -- including one capturing a collective of umbrellas which , besides shielding at times torrential rain , have become symbols of the protests They are relaying the sentiments of the tens of thousands who have hit the streets . Many of them are students like lead organizer Alex Chow , who described "  the current situation  as  totally out of C.Y. Leung 's control . " "  Actually , the government is under great pressure , " he continued , "  and we will demand and call for more people " to protest in the coming days . Even if more people come out , some say it 's not a fair fight -- not with police fully equipped and demonstrators armed with little more than their umbrellas . Grace Cheng , a 21-year-old recent college graduate , is worried authorities will come at them even harder next time . "  We ca n't really stop them , " she said . Such fears notwithstanding , the activists were n't backing down . If anything , their demands -- including for Leung 's resignation -- appear to have grown louder . "  All the candidates will be pre-selected by Beijing ... It 's more or less like North Korea , " protest organizer Chan Kin-man said . "  But we are an international city . We have a younger generation who have been taught about civil rights , political rights . And we want our words to be heard . " Some analysts say they see little hope of compromise between the committed protesters and the Chinese Communist Party , which remains notorious for its ruthless suppression of pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in 1989 . "  I see no way the Chinese government can tolerate what is happening in HK . Greatly fear this will end badly , " tweeted Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute at the University of Southern California , who covered the Tiananmen crackdown for CNN . Chinese authorities apparently tried to restrict the flow of information into the mainland about what was happening in Hong Kong . On Tuesday , China blocked out reporting on Hong Kong in mainland China , CNN Beijing correspondent David McKenzie said . Earlier , censors had blocked access to Instagram after images of the protests flooded the photo-sharing app . "  Everybody is in completely unknown territory , " said Roderic Wye , an associate fellow at London-based Chatham House . "  How these things end , we just do n't know . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Pamela Boykoff , Catherine E. Shoichet , Richard Roth , Vivian Kam , Chieu Luu , Katie Hunt and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Hong Kong leader : People should be satisfied they can vote on a leader Protesters hit the streets , even amid National Day ceremonies Crowds could swell Wednesday , China 's national holiday Neither government leaders or protest leaders have shown any sign of budging
CNN  -- Several same-sex couples came together in the first minutes of New Year 's Day in Honolulu to become the first in the state 's history to enter into civil unions . "  We really do n't want to wait any longer because we have been together for 33 years waiting for the opportunity and our rights and everything that goes with it , " said Donna Gedge , who was with her partner Monica Montgomery , speaking to CNN affiliate KITV . "  So why wait ? " The couple told CNN last week about their plans to stay up late for the ceremony . With Hawaii and Delaware joining the list Sunday , five states now recognize same-sex civil unions , while six other states and Washington , D.C. , allow same-sex marriage , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Illinois , New Jersey , and Rhode Island already recognize civil unions providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples , the NCSL says . Marriage licenses are given to same-sex couples in Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia , the NCSL says . California does not currently allow same-sex marriages to be performed . In May 2008 , the state 's Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples have the right to marry in California . Proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman , passed later that year . In 2010 , a federal district judge ruled that Proposition 8 violated the U.S. Constitution , but enforcement of that decision was stayed pending appeal . Delaware said its new law became effective at 10 a.m. Sunday . In Hawaii , online application for civil union licenses was made available beginning at midnight , despite the fact that government offices are closed until Tuesday , the state government said . The union becomes valid after a ceremony performed by someone licensed by the Department of Health . "  It means that our state supports us , and that 's a really good feeling after all this time , " Montgomery said at the ceremony . The laws in Delaware and Hawaii followed heated debates in both states . In 2010 , then-Gov . Linda Lingle , a Republican , vetoed a similar bill in Hawaii , saying the issue needed to be put to a referendum . Some religious groups were among those pushing for the move . "  We need you to mount a campaign to flood the governor 's office with requests to veto the bill , " Larry Silva , Catholic bishop of Honolulu , wrote on the Diocese of Honolulu 's website at the time . A group called the Hawaii Family Forum argued that "  a vote for civil unions is a vote for same-sex marriage . " "  Civil unions are a desperate and dishonest attempt to force same-sex ` marriage ' on Hawaii , " the group said . Despite the opposition , there was no referendum . In both Hawaii and Delaware , the language of the law emphasizes that "  it is not the legislature 's intent to revise the definition or eligibility requirements of marriage . " Gedge and Montgomery told CNN last week they hope there will one day be federally recognized same-sex marriage . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie , a Democrat , signed the state 's civil unions bill into law last February , calling it "  a prime example of exercising civic courage . It is about doing what is right , no matter how difficult , no matter how much opposition . " Delaware Gov. Jack Markell , a Democrat , signed his state 's bill into law in May . The Delaware Family Policy Council , which says its goal is to "  educate , equip , unify and engage the citizens of Delaware in advocating for family values and preserving the integrity of the family as an institution , " argued that civil unions "  are a springboard to redefining marriage . " "  You ca n't really talk about civil unions without talking about same-sex ` marriage ' because there really is n't any difference , " the group argued . But Markell , at a signing ceremony last year , said , "  This bill is about a new energy and excitement . It 's about a moment in our history that came about because people came together to work for it , because it became clear that Delaware 's LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community is in fact part of every Delaware community . The greater good is served when we speak out and fight hard when we see that bias , prejudice or even outdated laws attempt to lessen any one of us . " Bonnie Limatoc , who was part of the midnight ceremony in Hawaii on Sunday , told KITV , "  The historic part for me is to be one of the first to open that door so that the rest of them after us , there 's others out there that want to do this . ... We can show them , "  Hey , you love somebody , you have the right to be with them the rest of your life also . ' " "  Our message is go for the gusto , " her partner Lydia Pontin added . "  Do n't be ashamed . " CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Hawaii and Delaware began allowing same-sex civil unions Sunday 5 states recognize same-sex civil unions ; 6 and DC recognize same-sex marriage Opponents say civil unions are a springboard to redefining marriage "  It means that our state supports us , " one member of a same-sex civil union says
CNN  -- Most Oscar-bound celebrities spend the better part of that Sunday prepping themselves for the cameras -- and the fashion critics . They get their hair , makeup and nails done , shimmy into the proper shapewear , adorn themselves with millions of dollars worth of jewelry , slip on a pair of stilettos , and zip up their one-of-a-kind gowns . Yet , seconds after they step onto the red carpet , we 've already decided whether or not their primping paid off . While it takes a mere moment to wind up on the worst-dressed list , it takes a stunning comeback , or two , before redemption is bestowed . And with everything that goes into achieving a "  best-dressed " - worthy look , attendees are lucky they have an entire season to perfect their red carpet style . "  Each awards show has a different personality style-wise , and people have learned to dress accordingly , " said Sarah Bernard , host of "  The Thread " on Yahoo! 's Shine . The Academy Awards calls for classic , formal attire , she said , but celebrities can have a little more fun with the Golden Globes , the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Grammy Awards , which allow for edgier ensembles . But even a classic look is n't a surefire way to keep the scrutiny at bay . See , not taking a fashion risk is a risk in itself , Bernard said , adding , "  It 's important to mix it up . " Gallery : Golden Globe couture That 's exactly what "  Bridesmaids ' " actress Rose Byrne did when she showed up at the SAG Awards wearing an Elie Saab jumpsuit . "  It 's so great to see anybody step out of the box and do something not so traditional , " said stylist to the stars Nicole Chavez , whose clients include Rachel Bilson , Scarlett Johansson and Kristen Bell . "  Celebrities  do n't take as many risks on the carpet as they should . ... Because people are so quick to criticize , they 're more careful about their selections . " But red carpet couture is n't about setting a trend . It 's about wearing something flattering in a style you love , said the new mom , who has n't outfitted anyone this awards season . One red-carpet regular who has stunned this season , wearing gowns that complement her shape , is "  The Help 's " Octavia Spencer , said Yahoo! 's Bernard . And with so many nominations for best actress in a supporting role -- she won the award at the Globes and the SAG Awards , among other shows -- Spencer is being watched closely . The actress has developed a relationship with Tadashi Shoji , the Japanese designer behind the lavender gown she wore to the Globes , and the silver number she donned for the SAG Awards . "  My mom always taught us to dance with the one that brung ya , and  Shoji  gave me a lot of clothes while we were on  "  The Help "  publicity tour , " Spencer told E! It 's common for a celebrity to have a relationship with certain designers , Bernard said , referencing Charlize Theron , who wore a standout pale pink Dior gown to the Globes .  Theron is a spokesperson for Dior . Bernard anticipates that Spencer will continue her "  classy and fashion forward " streak at the Academy Awards on Sunday , possibly with another Shoji creation . Gallery : Couture at the Screen Actors Guild Awards "  The red carpet is a very intense situation , and you want to be comfortable out there , " Chavez said . "  If you 're confident and comfortable , it reads . It you 're uncomfortable , no matter how beautiful your dress is , it can end up not working . " The potential for discomfort is one reason footwear expert Meghan Cleary says shoes are the most important part of any red carpet look . "  Shoes  have the biggest effect on how you feel , " said Cleary , the author of "  Shoe Are You ? " "  They have an actual physiological effect on you -- the way you walk and carry yourself , and the way you stand . " Even for the Academy Awards , which calls for mostly floor-length gowns , "  shoes are still in the game , " she said . Cleary expects most shoes on Oscar night to be delicate stiletto sandals , with jewels and metallic detail . "  A lot of times the shoe becomes part of the jewelry . " And with so much focus on the dress , shoes become a way for celebrities to experiment , and maybe take a fashion risk . Cleary says pairing a purple metallic stiletto with a red dress would create a fashion-forward and edgy formal look . "  I say go for it . Kudos to you , " she said . "  But will you be excoriated on the red carpet for that ? I do n't know . " As a celebrity stylist , Chavez says she gravitates toward the rich colors during awards season , because the hues tend to show off detail better than pastels or black numbers . Plus , she said , publications are more likely to run photos of stars wearing bright-colored gowns -- like the scarlet Valentino that Michelle Williams wore to the SAG Awards . The saturated , rich jewel tones are all over the red carpet this season , like the jade green Oscar de la Renta dress Emily Blunt wore to the SAG Awards , or the fuchsia Marchesa gown Sofia Vergara donned the same night . On the flip side , nude-colored gowns have also been all the rage this awards season -- Jessica Biel , Kristen Wiig and Piper Perabo have all tried out the trend , somewhat unsuccessfully .  Each celebrity ended up on at least one media outlet 's worst-dressed list , in addition to getting burned on E! 's "  Fashion Police . " A nude gown is "  so incredibly stunning in real life , yet , just does n't translate on TV or in photos , " Chavez said . Just because a gown looks good in person , she added , it does n't mean it will translate for the cameras , which is why Chavez always photographs her clients in a gown before a final decision is made . Chavez said she expects to see a mix of vibrant , nude and sherbet colors take over at the Academy Awards . But she 's excited to see what some of the newcomers will pull out on the carpet . "  There are a bunch of ... cool , young , beautiful girls experimenting with fashion , " she said , giving a nod to Rooney Mara , who has been playing with cutouts and black and white . In the end , any celebrity can end up on a list of best - or worst-dressed stars . But the fashionistas who push the envelope are the ones we 'll be talking about long after awards season .	"  The Help 's " Octavia Spencer has stunned in Tadashi Shoji gowns Fashion expert : Not taking a fashion risk is a risk in itself Rose Byrne 's Elie Saab jumpsuit turned heads at the SAG Awards
CNN  -- "  I have a dream this afternoon that my four little children will not come up in the same young days that I came up within , but they will be judged on the basis of the content of their character , not the color of their skin . " The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke these words in 1963 , but this was not the speech that would go down as one of the most important addresses in U.S. history . King spoke these words in Detroit , two months before he addressed a crowd of nearly 250,000 with his resounding "  I Have a Dream " speech at the March on Washington for Freedom and Jobs on August 28 , 1963 . Several of King 's staff members actually tried to discourage him from using the same "  I have a dream " refrain again . 10 signposts on America 's race journey As we all know , that did n't happen . But how this pivotal speech was crafted is just one of several interesting facts about what is one of the most important moments in the 20th century in the United States : MLK 's speech almost did n't include "  I have a dream " King had suggested the familiar "  Dream " speech that he used in Detroit for his address at the march , but his adviser the Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker called it "  hackneyed and trite . " So , the night before the march , King 's staff crafted a new speech , "  Normalcy Never Again . " King was the last speaker to address the crowd in Washington that day . As he spoke , gospel singer Mahalia Jackson called out to King , "  Tell 'em about the dream , Martin . " Then he paused and said , "  I still have a dream . " Walker was out in the audience . "  I said , ` Oh , s -- . ' " "  I thought it was a mistake to use that , " Walker recalled . "  But how wrong I was . It had never been used on a world stage before . " The rest , of course , is history . First page of a draft of King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech  PDF Handwritten text on back of "  I Have a Dream " typed draft  PDF The march almost did n't include any female speakers , either It was only after pressure from Anna Arnold Hedgeman , the only woman on the national planning committee , that a "  Tribute to Negro Women Fighters for Freedom " was added to the official program . It took further convincing to have a woman lead it . Daisy Bates spoke in the place of Myrlie Evers , the widow of slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers . Bates , president of the Arkansas NAACP who played a key role in integrating schools in Little Rock , told the crowd : "  We will walk until we are free , until we can walk to any school and take our children to any school in the United States . And we will sit-on and we will kneel-in and we will lie-in if necessary until every Negro in America can vote . This we pledge to the women of America . " Earlier , Josephine Baker , an internationally known American entertainer who had moved to France to find fame , addressed the crowd . Dressed in a military jacket draped with medals for her contribution to French resistance in World War II , she spoke in very personal terms about freedom : "  You know I have always taken the rocky path . I never took the easy one , but as I get older , and as I knew I had the power and the strength , I took that rocky path , and I tried to smooth it out a little . I wanted to make it easier for you . I want you to have a chance at what I had . But I do not want you to have to run away to get it . " Women had been central to the civil rights movement -- Diane Nash , Ella Baker , Dorothy Height and many others -- but were only included in the program that day after one woman spoke up . Opinion : Did we really learn the lesson of the March on Washington ? The most prominent white speaker was called the "  white Martin Luther King " Walter Reuther was the head of the United Automobile Workers , which provided office space , staff and funding for the march in Detroit and the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . He was the seventh speaker listed on the program , and shared his remarks to the crowd . "  We will not solve education or housing or public accommodations as long as millions of Negroes are treated as second-class economic citizens and denied jobs , " he said . In 1998 , Time Magazine included him in its list of Builders & Titans Of The 20th Century . Irving Bluestone , Reuther 's former administrative assistant , shared this popular story to explain who Reuther was at the March on Washington : "  Standing close to the podium were two elderly women . As  Reuther  was introduced , one of the women was overheard asking her friend , ` Who is Walter Reuther ? ' The response : ` Walter Reuther ? He 's the white Martin Luther King . ' " An openly gay man organized the march in less than two months Bayard Rustin is "  the most important leader of the civil rights movement you probably have never heard of , " as LZ Granderson put it in his recent CNN column . Not only did he organize the march in a matter of months , Rustin is credited with teaching King about nonviolence . He also helped raise funds for the Montgomery bus boycott and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Council . During the time , his sexual orientation was known , and he was often in the background to prevent it from being used against the movement . Fifty years after the march , Rustin , who died in 1987 , will be honored with a posthumous Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Obama in November . It was n't the first planned ` March on Washington ' Labor leader and civil rights advocate A. Philip Randolph had threatened a "  March for Freedom " on the National Mall in 1941 to pressure then-President Franklin Roosevelt to provide equal opportunity for defense jobs . Randolph hired Rustin to organize part of the march , which they felt was the only way to prompt action after numerous appeals . It worked : The march was called off after Roosevelt established the Fair Employment Practices Committee , abolishing racial discrimination in hiring . Opinion : We 're closer to the American dream The march was a Hollywood star-studded event Popular actor and singer Harry Belafonte used his star power to help bring other celebrities to the March on Washington . Besides reaching out to the stars themselves , Belafonte went to many of the studio heads in Hollywood to get prominent actors and actresses temporarily released from their duties so they could participate . He was successful . The Hollywood list of attendees that day read like a who 's who of A-listers : Marlon Brando , Sidney Poitier , Lena Horne , Sammy Davis Jr. , Charlton Heston and Burt Lancaster , who also gave a speech . But having the Hollywood stars there was n't just for show or for increased media attention . It also helped calm President John F. Kennedy 's nerves about the march . "  I believe that their presence did a lot to assuage people who were preoccupied with the fact there could be violence , " Belafonte said . "  One of the things that I said in my conversations with the Kennedys in discussing why they should be more yielding in their support of our demonstration was the fact that there would be such a presence of highly profiled artists -- that that alone would put anxiety to rest , " he added . "  People would be looking at the occasion in a far more festive way . " 5 faces of the March on Washington One march worker fell asleep during MLK 's speech Back in 1963 , college student Patricia Worthy took a job answering phones for the March on Washington 's planning office . She had 10 phone lines to answer , and they rang from the time she walked in until she left for the day . "  I recall one day I 'll never forget , I heard someone say , ` Where is this young lady who handles the phone ? ' And finally I looked up , and there he was -- Dr. King -- and he said , ' I want to meet this young lady . She has put me on the hold twice , and hung up on me once , and I want to know who she is . ' " Worthy said she was "  so embarrassed , " but then the civil rights icon gave her a hug . By the day of the march , she was so tired , she dozed off and accidentally slept through the historic march and the "  I Have a Dream " speech . Everything worked out for her in the end : Worthy had a successful legal career and now teaches law at Howard University . The only class MLK ever taught Another hitchhiked all the way from Alabama only to have MLK check in on him Robert Avery and two of his friends hitchhiked nearly 700 miles from Gadsden , Alabama , to Washington to participate in the march . Avery , who was 15 years old at the time , was no stranger to the dark side of the civil rights movement . A few months earlier , he was struck by a cattle prod wielded by Alabama police during anti-segregation demonstrations in Gadsden . The three youths arrived in the nation 's capital a week before the march after three days of hitchhiking , and they were put to work making signs for the event . At one point , King walked in and asked for them . He had been in Gadsden the night before , and their parents had asked the civil rights leader to check on them . King sat down with the three and talked to them for about 20 minutes , asking them about their dreams , Avery later recalled . ' I Have a Dream ' beat JFK 's ` Ask not what you can do ' speech There 's no doubt that King 's speech was the most memorable part of the March on Washington . It 's still taught in school , and memorized by children , half a century later . But how does it compare against other pivotal speeches by 20th century leaders , such as John F. Kennedy or Franklin D. Roosevelt ? Well , a panel of more than 130 scholars got together in 1999 to rate the best speeches of the 20th century and King 's speech ranked No. 1 . What else have you learned about the march ? Did anything surprise you ? Share in the comments section below .	King almost did n't talk about "  the dream " Women had to fight to be included on the speakers ' platform Having Hollywood stars attend helped ease Kennedy fears about march
Washington  CNN  -- Federal aviation authorities say they are investigating a string of events that began Monday when a pilot spilled coffee on a cockpit panel , leading to a false hijack warning and culminating in the plane 's emergency landing in Canada . At issue : Did United Airlines warn pilots not to hold beverages over the plane 's electronics-laden console ? The incident occurred on United Airlines Flight 940 , a Boeing 777-200 headed from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany . According to Canadian transportation officials , the pilot spilled coffee on the aircraft 's radio equipment , located on the center console of the cockpit . The crew advised controllers they had communication problems and subsequently reported they were experiencing navigation problems , the officials said . A United Airlines spokesman confirmed that a crew member 's beverage spilled "  during a period of light turbulence , " but said the pilot remained in contact with air traffic control and followed standard operating procedures . A source familiar with the incident told CNN that after the pilot switched to a backup radio system , the plane briefly sent out a transponder signal indicating it had been hijacked . The source declined to explain how that happened . But pilots contacted by CNN said the signal could have been sent if one of the pilots inadvertently hit the transponder knob while cleaning up the spill . Or , they said , it could have happened if the pilot had tried to send a different transponder code indicating the plane had communication problems . The pilot made the decision to make an emergency landing in Toronto rather than continue the trans-oceanic flight , officials said . Federal Aviation Administration officials said Wednesday that pilots are allowed to have beverages in the cockpit , noting that many aircraft cockpits have cup holders . But they pointed to a rule prohibiting pilots from "  any activity ... such as eating meals " that could distract them during a "  critical phase of flight , " typically meaning takeoffs and landings . Drinking coffee could be construed as "  eating meals , " according to FAA spokesman Les Dorr . The agency 's Certificate Management Office will investigate whether United Airlines has a policy prohibiting crew members from passing liquids over , or placing them on , the console , and whether they 've communicated that policy to pilots . The FAA also will investigate whether the spilled liquid in fact caused the communications problem , or if there were other factors , Dorr said . As unlikely as a coffee spill accident may seem , a similar scenario formed the basis of a 1964 movie , "  Fate is the Hunter . " In that film , a cup of coffee spills on the plane 's center console , leaking into the electronics . The leak leads to a series of events culminating in the plane 's crash . The movie , coincidentally , aired Sunday night on Turner Classic Movies , the night before the United mishap . Mark Weiss , a former B-777 pilot , said a spilled drink is not likely to bring down a plane , pointing to redundant systems in aircraft . But he said it was reasonable for the pilot to land the plane . Weiss , who works for Spectrum Group , a consulting company , said liquids should not be banned from cockpits . "  Particularly on the long flights , you have to have water constantly , you have to continually hydrate your body , otherwise you run into other physiological problems , " he said . The National Transportation Safety Board said it does not plan on investigating the mishap . "  It does not appear that this incident warrants an NTSB investigation , " spokesman Keith Holloway said . NTSB records do not show any incidents where spilled substances were a factor in a crash , he said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	FAA investigates policies about food , drink in the cockpit , source tells CNN Incident Monday night stemmed from coffee spilled on a cockpit panel Somehow an emergency signal indicating a hijacking was triggered The United flight was en route from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany
CNN Student News  -- October 14 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : South Korea Colombia Panama Cuba Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
In what may be his final act , retiring Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , insisted on changes to a bill reauthorizing a federal terrorism insurance program created after the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  If we change the bill , it 's gone , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , arguing that any amendment to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act , or TRIA , would require sending the bill back to the House of Representatives , which is on vacation until January 6 . So , the bill will expire at the end of the year . The law was approved shortly after 9/11 to help insurance companies mitigate the costs of covering the aftermath of terrorist attacks . Coburn opposed a specific rider made to what would have been a six-year extension of the act . Called the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers Reform Act , it would create a federal bureaucracy built to license insurance agents . Coburn wanted an opt-out provision for states , and he disagreed with the length of the extension . "  It does n't have anything to do with the terrorism risk insurance bill , " said Coburn . Coburn said further that TRIA forces American taxpayers to "  take all the risk . " He said on the Senate floor Tuesday that the insurance industry has made $ 40 billion as a result of TRIA in the last 12 years . Rumors that an expiration of the law would lead the National Football League to cancel the Super Bowl were quashed Tuesday . NFL spokesman Greg Aiello told CNN in an email Tuesday that the speculation over the Super Bowl being canceled is "  not true . " "  The Super Bowl will be played , " he said . Congressional Republicans have vowed to make a TRIA extension one of the first orders of business when the GOP-led Congress convenes in early January .	Sen. Tom Coburn insisted on changes to a bill reauthorizing a terrorism insurance program Changes would require action by the House , which is on break , Senate majority leader says The bill will expire at year 's end ; Republicans say they 'll make the insurance a priority next month NFL spokesman : Speculation that the Super Bowl will be canceled is "  not true "
CNN  -- What a difference a Messi makes . Last weekend "  King Leo " inspired Barcelona to a seven-goal victory on the opening day of the Spanish soccer season , but in his absence Sunday the reigning champions battled to beat Malaga 1-0 . With the four-time world player of the year rested after suffering a bruised thigh in the midweek Spanish Super Cup draw with Atletico Madrid , new coach Gerardo Martino stuck to his word and left $ 75 million signing Neymar on the substitutes ' bench . And without a recognized striker , Barca struggled to make the team 's usual dominance of possession pay off -- the winner at Malaga came courtesy of a superb curling shot by defender Adriano from outside the penalty area . Neymar did get another run , but the 21-year-old Brazil star was unable to repeat his goal against Atletico as he was subjected to a series of rough challenges -- and had a late free-kick well-saved . Earlier , Xavi 's free-kick was deflected against the Malaga crossbar , but Barca ultimately had keeper Victor Valdes to thank -- as well as the woodwork . Fabrice Olinga scrambled a shot that rebounded to safety off the post , then Sebastian Fernandez headed straight at Valdes when he should have equalized . The win left Barca top of the table on goal difference from Atletico , despite the Madrid side 's 5-0 thrashing of Rayo Vallecano earlier Sunday . Raul Garcia scored in each half while Diego Costa , Arda Turan and Tiago also netted in a perfect warm-up for Wednesday 's trip to the Nou Camp for the second leg of the Super Cup . Real Madrid can also move onto six points by beating Granada on Monday , ahead of the expected unveiling of Tottenham forward Gareth Bale in what is tipped to be a world-record transfer fee . Levante recovered from last week 's drubbing by Barca , holding Sevilla 0-0 , while Real Betis Celta Vigo beat Real Betis 2-1 in Sunday 's late match despite having Borja Oubina sent off near the end . In Italy , Inter Milan beat Genoa 2-0 in Walter Mazzarri 's first match in charge , with Japanese defender Yuto Nagatomo and Argentina forward Rodrigo Palacio scoring in the final 20 minutes . "  We must remember that these lads had gone four and a half months without winning at home , and there were lots of defeats in there too , " former Napoli coach Mazzarri said , referring to the disastrous form which left Inter ninth in the table last season and well short of European qualification . "  We needed to shake off this fear that we 'd concede on the first counter-attack . The players just needed a bit of belief . " Napoli 's new coach Rafael Benitez also had a winning start as last season 's runners-up beat Bologna 3-0 , with two goals from Slovakian playmaker Marek Hamsik and the opener from former Real Madrid forward Jose Maria Callejon . French coach Rudy Garcia was similarly successful in his first match with Roma , coming away from promoted Livorno with a 2-0 win thanks to second-half goals from Daniele De Rossi and Alessandro Florenzi . Lazio , fifth in the previous campaign , bounced back from last weekend 's 4-0 Italian Super Cup defeat by Juventus to beat Udinese 2-1 . In France , champions Paris Saint-Germain won for the first time this season , beating Nantes 2-1 following two earlier draws . Edinson Cavani , an $ 84 million signing from Napoli , put PSG ahead in the first half before an own-goal by defender Alex , but Ezequiel Lavezzi pounced for a 74th-minute winner after Lucas ' shot was blocked on the line . The result left Laurent Blanc 's team four points behind top side Marseille and two behind second-placed Monaco . In Germany , Eintracht Frankfurt notched a first win this season , 2-0 at Eintracht Braunschweig which left the promoted side bottom of the table without a point . Stuttgart 's 2-1 defeat by Augsburg left the five-time Bundesliga champions also on three losses .	Sunday 's 1-0 win at Malaga keeps Barcelona top of La Liga Defender Adriano scores only goal in absence of Lionel Messi Atletico Madrid also on six points after 5-0 thrashing of Rayo Vallecano Winning starts in Italy for new coaches at Inter , Napoli and Roma
New York  CNN  -- An international custody battle over a 70 million-year-old dinosaur skeleton ended Monday with the fossil being repatriated to Mongolia after having been illegally smuggled , handed from owner to owner multiple times and sold at auction . The "  nearly complete " skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus bataar -- also known as a Tarbousaurus bataar -- was turned over to representatives of the government of Mongolia by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  and U.S. attorney 's office in a New York City repatriation ceremony . "  This is one of the most important repatriations of fossils in recent years , " said ICE Director John Morton . "  We can not allow the greed of a few looters and schemers to trump the cultural interests of an entire nation . " "  After a year-long legal adventure and the worldwide publicity , the Tarbousaurus bataar indeed became a hero dinosaur at home in Mongolia , " said Tsagaan Puntsag from the office of the president of Mongolia . "  We  are very grateful to all the organizations and individuals who helped make it happen . " Under Mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government and exporting them from the country is a criminal offense . According to court documents , the dinosaur skeleton was imported into the United States from Great Britain on March 27 , 2010 . Largely inaccurate import documents listed the bones ' country of origin as Great Britain , while several paleontologists say Tyrannosaurus bataars have been recovered only in Mongolia . The skeleton , standing 8 feet tall and stretching 24 feet in length , also was incorrectly described as various fossil reptile bones and other broken bones . U.S. authorities gained possession of the skeleton after a self-described "  commercial paleontologist " from Florida pleaded guilty in December 2012 to smuggling and other charges . As part of his plea agrement the defendant , Eric Prokopi , agreed to forfeit the bataar skeleton , as well four other dinosaur skeletons . Prokopi , whom federal investigators called "  a one-man black market in prehistoric fossils , " is out on $ 100,000 bond and is awaiting sentencing that is tentatively scheduled for August . He faces a maximum sentence of 17 years in prison , according to his lawyer Georges Lederman . Lederman has advised his client not to make any statements until he is sentenced . The government has requested , however , that Prokopi be available to lend his expertise to Mongolian paleontologists about shipping and reconstructing of the skeleton , and he is complying , according to his lawyer . Earlier in 2012 , the skeleton had been listed in an auction catalogue of Texas-based Heritage Auctions , Inc. at an estimated value between $ 950,000 to $ 1.5 million . Around the same time , Mongolian President Elbegdorj Tsakhia hired a private attorney who obtained a temporary restraining order from the Dallas County District Court to prevent the sale of the skeleton . "  At stake are the heritage , history and culture of a sovereign nation , " attorneys for Tsakhia said in the restraining order filing . The auction house disregarded the restraining order , and it was sold to an undisclosed buyer in New York for $ 1.05 million on May 20 , 2012 , contingent upon the outcome of any court proceedings instituted on behalf of the Mongolian government . In the following months , investigations by U.S. authorities and paleontologists determined the skeleton was from the western Gobi Desert in Mongolia , uncovered between 1995 and 2005 . The U.S. attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York filed action to seek forfeit of the bones , which were eventually seized by ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations . Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Monday , "  Cultural artifacts are part of the fabric of a country 's history , and it is immensely satisfying to play a role in their return . " Michigan cousins go after crayfish , hook a mastodon Scientist describes fruit-loving , housecat sized dinosaur	The dinosaur roamed what is now the Gobi Desert in Mongolia 70 million years ago The Mongolian government had gone to U.S. courts to try to regain possession Under Mongolian law , dinosaur fossils are property of the Mongolian government U.S. attorney : "  Cultural artifacts are part of the fabric of a country 's history "
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate focused Wednesday on an energy efficiency bill while House Republicans argued among themselves over funding Obamacare as Congress shifted its focus from the Syria crisis in order to give new diplomatic efforts a chance to succeed . In his nationally televised address Tuesday night , President Barack Obama said he asked legislators to hold off on voting on his requested authorization to attack Syria over chemical weapons while his administration negotiates with Russia on putting Syrian stockpiles under international control . "  Congress will be watching these negotiations very closely , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , warned Wednesday . "  If there is any indication they 're not serious or they 're being used as a ploy to delay , then Congress stands ready to return to that Syria resolution " that would authorize a military strike on Syria . Obama accuses Syrian President Bashar al-Assad of a major sarin gas attack last month on suburban Damascus that killed more than 1,400 people . The president tried to generate an international coalition to attack Syria for violating chemical weapons bans , but Russia blocked any U.N. action and the British Parliament voted against taking part to deny the president a normally reliable NATO ally . He then went to Congress for authorization , but appeared in danger of rejection by legislators reflecting public opposition to military strikes . Analysis : Is Obama a winner or loser on Syria ? However , the sudden emergence Monday of a diplomatic opening by Russia , which proposed having Syria give up control of its chemical weapons , caused Obama to ask Congress for time to pursue negotiations before any vote on military action . So instead of taking up a resolution authorizing a military response to Syria , the Senate considered a bipartisan bill to improve energy efficiency in the United States . Senators agreed to bar any Syria-related amendments to the energy bill , assuring that heated political rhetoric in Washington wo n't corrode the negotiations Secretary of State John Kerry will conduct on Thursday and Friday in Geneva with his Russian counterpart . U.N. blames both sides in civil war Off the Senate floor , however , talks continued behind the scenes among a group of bipartisan senators on changes to the resolution that Reid said would be taken up if the negotiations with Russia fail . New language yet to be finalized takes into account Syria 's recent acknowledgment that it possesses chemical weapons . It would authorize the president to attack Syria for failing to fully comply with the Chemical Weapons Convention and turn its stockpiles over to the international community . "  I think we 've all settled into the fact that until we know what agreement is made with another nation ... it 's kind of hard to craft something , " said Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee . Corker also criticized Obama 's speech to the nation , saying the president failed to effectively make the case that U.S. credibility was on the line in Syria . "  The president just seems to be very uncomfortable being commander in chief of this nation , " he told CNN . On the House side , Republican leaders say they 'll wait for the Senate to act on a Syria resolution before taking up the matter . Meanwhile , Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland said he and colleagues are working on revisions to a resolution that they will propose "  if and when the president determines that it would be necessary to proceed with that kind of legislation . " "  So we agree that we should take a pause , " Van Hollen said . Instead , House Republican leaders dealt with an internal revolt . They postponed a vote scheduled for Thursday on government funding legislation until next week after many conservatives made it clear they would reject the measure because it includes money for Obamacare . The politically charged health care law was approved with no Republican support in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Now conservatives are targeting bureaucratic and funding steps required to get new programs under the legislation running this fall . CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	A resolution authorizing military strikes on Syria is put on hold The Senate takes up energy legislation instead The delay provides time for negotiations on a diplomatic solution Sen. Reid : If negotiations fail , the resolution comes back up
After months of twists and turns in a dramatic trial rife with sex , lies and digital images , an Arizona jury Wednesday found Jodi Arias guilty of first-degree murder in the slaying of ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander . Jurors will return to court Thursday for the aggravation phase of the trial -- an important step in the next key decision they face : determining whether Arias lives or dies . "  Now the odds , I think , shift somewhat in her favor , because it 's a very different thing to sentence someone to die than to convict them , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffery Toobin said . In a television interview minutes after the verdict was announced , Arias said she 'd prefer a death sentence . "  I said years ago that I 'd rather get death than life , and that still is true today , " she told Phoenix television station KSAZ . "  I believe death is the ultimate freedom , so I 'd rather just have my freedom as soon as I can get it . " The comments prompted authorities to place Arias on suicide watch in an Arizona jail , according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . "  Until she is released from suicide protocol by Sheriff 's officials no further media interviews of inmate Arias will be permitted , " the office said in a statement . Arias was stoic in court Wednesday . Her eyes briefly welled up with tears as a clerk announced that the jury found her guilty of first-degree murder for killing Alexander in June 2008 . What 's next for Arias Friend : "  We have waited five years through the circus " Alexander 's sisters cried and consoled each other after the verdict was read in the packed courtroom . Crowds outside the courthouse erupted in cheers as news of the jury 's decision spread . Several of Alexander 's friends told HLN they were relieved . "  It just feels so good ... to finally have the truth and be vindicated , " said Dave Hall , choking back tears . But that relief is n't enough , Elisha Schabel said . "  It 's not going bring Travis back . He was such a light to this world , " she said . "  And it 's important that we forgive Jodi , so she does n't have that power to destroy our lives . " Another friend , Clancy Talbot , said she was grateful for the verdict . "  Looking at Jodi 's face , I think this is probably the first time in her life she has ever been held responsible for what she 's done , ever , and I think she 's in shock , " she said . "  We have waited five years through the circus that Jodi has created . " Trial moves into next phase But the trial is n't over yet , and Arias -- who testified for 18 days during the trial -- could speak to jurors again in court . In the next step of the case , known as the aggravation phase , prosecutors will have a chance to present additional evidence and jurors will decide whether Alexander 's death was caused in a cruel manner . If they decide that was the case , the trial would move to the penalty phase , where jurors would decide whether Arias should receive a death sentence . If the jury decides on a death sentence , the judge is bound by that decision . But if the jury decides against the death penalty , the judge would have two options : sentencing Arias to life in prison without the possibility of parole , or sentencing her to life in prison with the possibility of parole after at least 25 years . There are currently 127 people on death row in Arizona . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state . As jurors prepare for the sentencing phase of the criminal trial , family members of Alexander are preparing to file a civil wrongful death lawsuit , attorney Jay Beckstead told reporters outside the courthouse . Alexander 's siblings wo n't speak publicly about the case until Arias is sentenced , Beckstead said , adding that the family is grateful to prosecutors and detectives for their work . Massive crowd surrounds courthouse Since Friday , jurors had been deliberating evidence surrounding a key question : Did Arias kill ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in self-defense ? Or did she commit murder ? Alexander was stabbed repeatedly , shot and nearly decapitated five years ago . Arias says she killed him in self-defense after he attacked her , but the grisly slaying caused even some anti-domestic violence advocates to doubt her case . Twists and turns of the trial The jury , which has been in court since January 2 , heard closing arguments on Friday . Jurors deliberated for 15 hours and five minutes . As they took a lunch break after revealing they had reached a verdict Wednesday , some jurors were seen smiling and breathing sighs of relief . One juror returning from lunch wiped her eyes . A massive crowd swarmed around the Maricopa County Courthouse Wednesday afternoon . Some onlookers said they had been following the trial for months . The case has drawn worldwide attention and followers lined up daily for courtroom seats . "  We are here every day to support Travis ' family 100 % , " said Kathy Brown , who got a cane she uses autographed by prosecutor Juan Martinez and cried outside the courthouse after the verdict was announced Wednesday . "  I am so thankful , " she said . "  I knew the Lord would do the right thing . " Catch up quickly on the Arias trial Case marked by dramatic arguments In the trial , both sides dramatically presented their arguments with details about Arias ' love affair with Alexander . "  She rewarded that love from Travis Alexander by sticking a knife in his chest , " Martinez said in his opening statement . "  And you know he was a good man , according to her . And with regard to being a good man , well , she slit his throat as a reward for being a good man . And in terms of these blessings , well , she knocked the blessings out of him by putting a bullet in his head . " Photos : Alexander and his girlfriend But defense attorney Jennifer Willmott countered : "  Jodi Arias killed Travis Alexander . There is no question about it . The million-dollar question is what would have forced her to do it ? " Willmott said Arias was the victim of a controlling , psychologically abusive relationship , and Alexander considered Arias "  his dirty little secret . " Martinez accused Arias of playing the victim . He alleged she staged the crime scene to make it look like self-defense . He also accused her of actively seeking to profit from her media attention . That 's something Alexander 's family hopes to stop with its civil lawsuit , Beckstead said Wednesday . "  The law in Arizona states that people should not be benefiting from their wrongdoing in a criminal case , and my law firm is going to do the best it can to make sure that she does not benefit from her wrongdoing or her notoriety , " he said . Arias : "  I would much rather die sooner than later " In her interview with KSAZ Wednesday , Arias said she was surprised by the jury 's verdict . "  It was unexpected , for me , yes , because there was no premeditation on my part , " she said . "  I can see how things look that way . " Arias told KSAZ that longevity runs in her family , and that the worst possible outcome in the case would be a life sentence without parole . "  I would much rather die sooner than later , " she said . Several members ' of the Arias family were at the jail where Arias was being held Wednesday night , waiting for a chance to meet with her . Mother Sandra Arias said she had heard about her daughter 's post-verdict TV interview , but had n't watched it . She appeared to be very emotional and concerned about her daughter . While serving time , Sandra Arias said , her daughter "  can do a lot of good for others . " Quiz : Test your legal knowledge	Arias tells a TV station she would rather get the death penalty than a life sentence Authorities place her on "  suicide protocol " after the TV interview After more than 15 hours of deliberations , jurors find Jodi Arias guilty Jurors will return to court Thursday for the next phase of the trial
Approximately 7.7 million American adults age 18 and older have post-traumatic stress disorder , according to the National Institutes of Health . While the disorder is often associated with war veterans who have been exposed to extended violence , PTSD and its treatments involve more than you might think . Here are five things about post-traumatic stress disorder that might surprise you : 1 . You can get PTSD from your ZIP code Post-traumatic stress disorder is n't just limited to troops and victims of violence . Constant violence outside your front door , including hearing gunshots or knowing a murder victim , can keep you on high alert . Research completed by Emory University professor of psychiatry Dr. Kerry Ressler and his colleagues provides evidence of higher rates of PTSD in some urban populations than in war veterans . Cities such as Washington , Chicago and Los Angeles in particular have seen an increase in cases , they say . 2 . Ecstasy might help We 're not just talking about finding moments of joy or spiritual awareness . The illegal drug MDMA , also know as Ecstasy or Molly , has been shown to help some individuals suffering from PTSD . Combined with therapy , it can assist in processing traumatic memories and change thought patterns surrounding traumatic events . Rachel Hope was part of one MDMA study . She estimates that 80 % of her symptoms disappeared after her first MDMA-assisted therapy session . 3 . Heart attack and stroke survivors are at risk Surviving a traumatizing medical event can also trigger post-traumatic stress disorder . Donald Edmondson , an assistant professor of behavioral medicine at the Columbia University Medical Center , and his colleagues analyzed heart attack and stroke patients in two different studies . They found that one in four stroke patients had PTSD within a year of having a stroke . And about one in eight heart attack survivors developed post-traumatic stress disorder -- plus , those that did were twice as likely to have another heart attack or die within three years after the first attack . 4 . It reduces gray matter in your brain According to the National Instituties of Health , gray matter is made up of neurons and other cells that send signals throughout your brain . Post-traumatic stress disorder can cause interference . A study published by the Society of Biological Psychiatry found that PTSD specifically affected the gray matter networks related to emotion processing , fear extinction and emotion regulation , which can lead to distorted emotional memories and the inability to regulate fear responses . There 's some good news , however . A 2013 study found that structural damage to gray matter caused by post-traumatic stress disorder does improve over time , but the brain might not return to pre-trauma functioning . 5 . How you respond immediately after a traumatic event matters Dr. Charles Raison , CNN Health 's mental health expert , explains that people who have strong emotional reactions and feelings of terror immediately following a traumatic event are more likely to develop PTSD . Disassociation and "  spacing out " can also put people more at risk for the disorder . Individuals who are more calm and collected after trauma , on the other hand , tend to do better in the long run . The NIH lists treatments such as talk therapy , exposure therapy and medications for PTSD . Contacting friends and family for support following an event is also an important step in the healing process .	7.7 million American adults have post-traumatic stress disorder Your neighborhood can stress you out Studies show some illegal drugs can be effective treatments Heart attack and stroke survivors are at risk for PTSD
CNN  -- Desperation , sophisticated smuggling operations and the emergence of a small Italian island as a migrant destination provide the sad backdrop to Monday 's tragedy on the Mediterranean Sea -- the capsizing of a boat carrying African migrants from Libya to Italy . Libyan police officers help rescued migrants off an overcrowded boat that arrived this week in Tripoli . Jean-Philippe Chauzy , spokesman for the International Organization for Migration , said Tuesday that Libya for years has been a destination for migrants from the rest of Africa . Its relatively successful economy is a magnet for people from impoverished regions , and its proximity makes it a logical jumping-off point for Europe . People from places such as Ghana , Nigeria , Niger and Burkina Faso long have traveled to Tripoli and other Libyan locations and have gotten work there , from construction to washing cars . Chauzy said even people from the Horn of Africa , where Somalis and Ethiopians have fled to Yemen via the Gulf of Aden , are choosing to travel to Libya rather than pursue a trip to Yemen . Asians as well are opting to travel to Europe from Libya . While some Africans hope to settle in Libya , many others have their eyes on moving onward to Europe . They tend to sail to Lampedusa , an Italian island lying southwest of Sicily and just north of the African coast -- considered an advantageous way station for entrance into Europe . Italy has been bolstering its efforts to stop the illegal traffic . Some of the people who find their way to the island get asylum . Some migrants eventually are returned to their home countries , but others are taken from Lampedusa to facilities on the mainland , where they are sometimes simply released instead of being deported . Chauzy said people head to Europe first and foremost to help their families back home with a paycheck . He said the global economic crisis has led to a drop in the money sent back home , and that in turn has affected hurting African economies , where prices for staple crops have plummeted . He said that the bolstering of border controls sparked by such a tragedy could prompt migrants to take other dangerous routes . Watch as details emerge on latest tragedy " Officials said at least hundreds of migrants are believed to have perished in the Mediterranean over the past year . In the latest incident , more than 200 African migrants are believed to have died after their vessel , carrying 250 people , capsized in rough waters . At least 20 people are confirmed dead , and 23 have been rescued . Another boat with more than 350 migrants aboard was rescued , and these migrants -- mostly Africans but also including some Asians -- were taken to Tripoli in Libya . The International Organization for Migration believes there are two other boats in the Mediterranean that could be carrying migrants . The flight of migrants on rough seas is not just a local phenomenon . "  We are seeing it all over the world , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said Tuesday . Smugglers , for example , also take people from western Africa to the Canary Islands , from Myanmar to Thailand , and from Turkey to Greece . Guterres said the tragedy shows the urgent measures people take "  to escape conflict , persecution and poverty in search of a better life . " Some of the people can be classified as refugees -- people fleeing war and persecution and who could qualify for asylum in other countries . Others are migrants from countries where there is no persecution . They are in search of jobs and a better life . Thousands have died on their journeys , but thousands have survived as well , with many awaiting asylum and resettlement opportunities . There has been much publicity about the flight of Ethiopians and Somalis across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . Many have died en route , with smugglers at times throwing people overboard to avoid getting arrested by navies for their operations . Ron Redmond , the UNHCR spokesman , said he believes such movement will persist as the "  economic situation continues to worsen worldwide . " The agency said the number of asylum seekers in industrialized countries increased last year for the second year running , in part because of higher numbers of asylum applications by citizens of Afghanistan , Somalia and other turbulent nations . Last year , 36,000 people arrived in Italy by sea from North Africa . Some 75 percent of them applied for asylum , and about 50 percent of those received some form of international protection from the Italian authorities . Demetrios G. Papademetriou , president of Washington-based think tank Migration Policy Institute , said the movement of migrants is organized , with smuggling syndicates making "  obscene profits " and "  enormous amounts of money . " "  These are organized flows , " Papademetriou said . As for the tragedy , "  you will see this again and again and again , " he said .	Libya has long been a destination for migrants from the rest of Africa Many African migrants try to find work in industries such as construction Others attempt to move on to Europe , with Italy a common destination Strict border controls often prompt migrants to take other dangerous routes
CNN  -- Canada secured only their second-ever win at the Cricket World Cup on Monday with a five wicket defeat of Kenya . The match in the Indian capital of Delhi was between two nations searching for their first victory of the tournament , and it was Pubudu Dassanayake 's Canada who came out on top after they reached a target of 199 with 27 balls to spare . The result leaves Kenya bottom of Group A , with Canada one place above them in seventh after picking up their first points of the tournament . Eldine Baptiste 's Kenya team batted for the full 50 overs for the first time at this World Cup , with all-rounder Thomas Odoyo their top scorer after he hit 51 runs off 62 balls . Canada responded superbly though , and a fourth-wicket stand of 132 runs between captain Ashish Bagai and Jimmy Hansra helped them towards their triumph . The North American nation 's only previous win at cricket 's premier 50-over competition was against Bangladesh in 2003 . Canada 's next match is against New Zealand , who are currently fourth in Group A with four points , on March 13 . Kenya will go up against reigning champions Australia on the same day at the M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru . Meanwhile , England were hit with an injury blow after it was announced that key batsman Kevin Pietersen will miss the rest of the tournament . The South-Africa born opener will return to England in order to have surgery on a hernia injury . "  Sad to leave India . . Love the people & the hospitality , " Pietersen , 30 , said via social-networking website Twitter . The International Cricket Council have granted England permission to call up 24-year-old Eoin Morgan as a replacement . Morgan , who represented Ireland in the 2007 World Cup , was initially ruled out of the competition with a finger injury .	Canada win only their second-ever Cricket World Cup match after beating Kenya The North Americans reached their target of 199 runs with 27 balls remaining Canada 's only previous World Cup win was over Bangladesh in 2003 England 's Kevin Pietersen will miss the rest of the tournament in order to have surgery
CNN  What would drive a man to give up the luxury of serviced apartments for nothing but Airbnb rentals -- some good , some terrible -- for an entire year ? Ask Kevin Lynch . Originally from Chicago , Lynch moved to Shanghai over a year ago with his wife and daughter "  for an adventure . " When a position in the advertising company he works for opened in southern China , he began making extended solo business trips to Hong Kong , each time staying at a different place he found on Airbnb . Originally , Lynch pledged to carry out his Airbnb lifestyle for a year , but now he 's hooked and says he 'll continue the experiment indefinitely . Get out of the ` expat bubble ' "  I wanted to make up for the fact that I did n't grow up in Hong Kong , to gain credibility with clients and really understand Hong Kong beyond that expat bubble that a lot of people stay in , " says Lynch . "  And it sounded fun , " he adds . The intrepid traveler has rolled his suitcase all over the territory , deliberately picking neighborhoods far off the beaten trail . When we spoke with him , Lynch was on his 80th Airbnb stay in Lau Fau Shan , an area nearly at the northwestern Hong Kong border known for a once-thriving oyster farming industry . "  The thing that strikes me most strongly about Hong Kong is the diversity of the places I 've been to , " he says . "  If you 're not from here , the only things you 're seeing are cable cars , the Peak and dense urban neighborhoods in Mongkok and Central . "  But what I have loved so much are the outlying islands , Shek O and Big Wave Bay . "  They have the feel of Southeast Asia , yet you can hop on a train or bus and 20 minutes later you 're in the fast-paced chaos again . " The advertising creative says he began his Airbnb project out of his own initiative and acts independently of the company . "  We know each other and like each other , " says Lynch of his relationship with Airbnb . "  There 's no compensation , no discounts , no nothing , " says Lynch . "  They 've had a couple of community gatherings here in Hong Kong that I 've been invited to , but other than that we know how to appreciate each other . " We asked Lynch for his five most memorable stays and he happily obliged . Soho "  I really think that this was by far the highlight of my year , " says Lynch . "  It was in one of the most predictable neighborhoods -- that expat bubble that I mentioned , " he says . "  This place was right on Staunton Street just off the SoHo escalator . "  I 'm used to walking into places that are super small , but when I walked into this place all I saw was the small couch and table and I thought I 'd have to sleep on the couch . "  Then the guy hits this button on the wall and the ceiling lowers down and it stops just a couple centimeters above the table . "  It was the bed . "  It was singly the most crazy aspect of any space I 've ever been to before . It was probably not the best sleep , but  it was  the most memorable . " Cheung Chau Lynch arrived at Cheung Chau without any idea of what he was walking into . "  It was during the week that we have the Buddha 's birthday holiday , " says Lynch . "  I thought I would stay near a beach so I was just looking for an island to stay at and found this place listed . " When he booked the apartment , the host asked him if it was OK that there would be a ban on meat on the island that week . "  I was like , that 's weird , but sure . "  Then she asked if I mind that there would be a parade passing right outside my door . Turns out the place is 28 steps -- I counted -- away from the bun towers . "  I found myself in the heart of this crazy unique bun festival . It was one of the most memorable days and I had no idea what I was in for . " Mui Wo For his stay in Lantau Island 's Mui Wo , trying to find the place was half the fun . "  The directions the host gave me were I forget how many turns and bridges and watch out for this building and that one . It was all these hand-drawn things . "  I 'm amazed that all these things are just a ferry ride from Central and they retain their character so well . " The home he stayed in was a refurbished cowshed . "  I look for neighborhoods that I 've never been to as well as anything that just looks interesting -- good interesting or bad interesting . "  I was the last person to stay at the cowshed before they began renovating the place . I hope they keep the ceiling . " Discovery Bay When Lynch 's daughter came to visit he wanted to find a special place to stay . A 60-foot yacht in a luxury marina in Discovery Bay fit the bill . "  The boat was incredible , " says Lynch . "  There was a helper , four bedrooms , and because our flight into Hong Kong was delayed we could n't enjoy the boat very much on our original stay , so the host gave us another free night to make up for it . " Sea Ranch This residential development on the south end of Lantau Island is only accessible by boat and foot . "  In the 1970s it was a happening place , but it has gone through various bankruptcies and now there are few people living there . "  It has its own private ferry service from Cheung Chau Island . "  I rode that ferry four times and each time there was no more than three people on it and no one talked to each other . It was creepy . "	To get out of the ` expat bubble , ' American Kevin Lynch stays only in AirBnbs when in Hong Kong From a hidden ceiling bed to a renovated cowshed , Lynch is impressed with the diversity of Hong Kong accommodations
New York  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Irene 's swipe at the Big Apple proved Sunday that New Yorkers can be a tough crowd to impress . "  I slept through the whole thing , " said James Trager , a writer who watched nature 's display of fury as it took place outside the windows of his apartment in Midtown and gave a tepid review : "  Nothing . It 's exaggerated . " "  I think we 're all surprised how relatively quickly the storm blew through here and the rain stopped , " said Steve Kastenbaum , a national correspondent for CNN radio , who watched the storm from the comfort of his apartment in the Boerum Hill section of Brooklyn . He said he saw lots of local street flooding and branches in the streets , but few uprooted trees ; during the height of the storm , people were walking on the street . "  I even saw one or two folks taking a jog , " he said . "  I kid you not . Pretty typical for Brooklyn . They 're not going to let anybody get in their way . " While the initial effects of the storm were less harsh than anticipated , officials said they were still concerned about flooding from heavy rains that could affect electrical systems and other infrastructure that is largely underground in New York . Gov. Andrew Cuomo said it was not yet clear when subways , Metro North trains and Long Island Railroad lines would reopen . "  The conditions are still too dangerous . We ca n't put people on bridges ; we ca n't put people in tunnels , " he told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  Once we get a full assessment , we will give people an idea of when the system will come online . " He praised New Yorkers for taking the storm in stride . "  When we have our darkest hours , New Yorkers shine their brightest , and I think this is one of those times . " But the possibility of worse occurring away from the shore was weighing on National Hurricane Center Director Bill Read . "  The biggest concern , now that  Irene 's  gone inland , is heavy rain , flash floods " and wind damage , he told CNN . Once inland , hurricanes "  start falling apart pretty fast , " he said . "  Eventually , it will exit out into Canada . " "  Overall , I think we 've gotten through this , " Joseph Bruno , commissioner of emergency management for the city , told reporters in Brooklyn , where the skies were bright . He said the hardest-hit areas were from Coney Island in Brooklyn to the Rockaway area of Queens . "  We have 50,000 people without power . That 's pretty good in a city of this size . So , we did well , but we prepared well , also . " "  Nothing really that bad happened , " said Sarah Sargenti , who spent Saturday night in a friend 's walkup apartment in Soho rather than risk getting stuck without elevator service in her 23rd-floor apartment near the financial district . "  A lot of wind and rain . " Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , a CNN contributor who was involved in a leadership role in the recovery efforts in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005 , described Sunday 's hurricane as a six out of 10 , with 10 representing Katrina . About 30 miles north of the city , in Westchester County 's Sleepy Hollow , near the Tappan Zee Bridge over the Hudson , Tom Sobolik was out early Sunday at the Philipse Manor Beach Club . Though the bridge was shut to traffic , "  the boats here are all fine , " the photographer said . "  Nobody had any problem . " On Saturday night , he attended a hurricane party in his neighborhood to discuss the brewing storm . "  Everybody just went over how they prepared and how it was going to be a waste , " he said . "  It turned out to be largely true . The media blew this all out of proportion . " It did not flood the 9/11 memorial site in Manhattan , as many had worried it might . Still , the storm left quite a wake -- sending water from the East River and the Hudson River over their banks for a brief period on Sunday morning and into New York City . The water also led officials to close for a brief time the north tube of the Holland Tunnel , from Lower Manhattan to New Jersey . Earlier , authorities had halted public transportation , closed bridges and tunnels and buttoned up ports , essentially locking down the city of more than 8 million people as Hurricane Irene began to lash the city with wind and rain . And New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg urged some 370,000 people to evacuate their residences in low-lying areas . In the Long Island community of Long Beach , massive berms were breached by 8 a.m. , with water pushing northward into town . The water yanked a lifeguard building from its foundation on the beach and streets were flooded . Bloomberg ordered evacuations for Long Beach Island , including Atlantic Beach , Lido Beach and Point Lookout . The mandatory evacuations , which also affected parts of Manhattan , Queens , Brooklyn , the Bronx and Staten Island , were a first in the city 's history , he said . CNN iReporter and Queens resident Anne Egan , who was watching events unfold from her house three doors down from the beach wall , said she disregarded the evacuation order because she was afraid of looters . "  You can see the waves breaking on  the beach wall  , " she said . "  I was a little panicked approaching high tide , which was about 7:30 a.m. . But now that the peak of high tide has passed us , I 'm not as nervous . The waves are just huge out there . " More than 905,334 people were without power in New York early Sunday afternoon , authorities said . In Brooklyn , Seunh Hong watched in despair as the water in his shop 's basement rose to his knees . "  Way worse than I 'd expected , " he said . "  It is absolutely horrible . Afterwards we have to spend lot of time and money ,  and  energy for fixing them up . " Many in New York began preparing days ago for the arrival of Irene , stocking up on essentials . By late Saturday , most stores , restaurants and bars were closed . The bread shelves were bare early Sunday at the Associated Supermarket on Manhattan 's Upper West Side , according to Aaron Herman , who said more than 1,000 people had stopped in Saturday to buy the "  essentials . " By then , the streets were largely deserted . "  For a city that never sleeps , it 's clearly taking a nap , " Herman said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Chelsea J. Carter , Holly Yan , Phil Gast , Eden Pontz , Kristina Sgueglia , Jesse Solomon , Cheryl Robinson , Rob Marciano , and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Katrina recovery veteran ranks Irene as 6 out of 10 "  I slept through the whole thing , " says James Trager from his Midtown apartment Some in Brooklyn chose to jog during the storm "  The media blew this all out of proportion , " says Sleepy Hollow 's Tom Sobolik
New York  CNN  -- A man who spent nearly 25 years behind bars for a 1989 Brooklyn murder he did n't commit has filed a notice of claim to sue New York City for $ 162 million , according to his lawyer Wednesday . Jonathan Fleming , 52 , who was released from prison in April after spending 24 years and 8 months in prison for the slaying of Darryl Rush in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn , filed the notice signaling his intent to sue the city , the police department and the King County district attorney 's office on Tuesday . "  It signifies the beginning of the process that will hopefully make him whole , " said his lawyer , Taylor Koss . "  He will never be the same . It 's impossible to give him the time back . " Fleming had always maintained that he was on a family trip to Disney World in Florida when Rush was shot to death early on the morning of August 15 , 1989 , in a dispute over stolen money . After years of reviewing documents and re-interviewing witnesses as part of a joint investigation between his attorneys and the Brooklyn district attorney 's Conviction Review Unit , it was determined that the only evidence tying him to the crime was an alleged witness who later recanted her statement . When he was released , Fleming had no place to live and less than $ 100 to his name , according to Koss . He still has no permanent home and no job . "  It has been a struggle since he got out , " Koss said , adding that the damages Fleming is seeking include the loss of wages , companionship and emotional anguish . "  It 's tough to put a value on those things , " Koss added . "  I 'm not sure how you value one year in prison for a crime you did n't commit , let alone 25 . " A New York City Law Department spokesman said the claim will be reviewed . At Fleming 's initial trial , defense lawyers provided family photos and home videos of Fleming in Florida around the time of Rush 's killing . But , according to Koss , they did not have evidence he was in Florida on the day of the slaying . The prosecution persuaded jurors to ignore the alibi . Fleming told his attorneys he had paid a bill for phone calls made from his Florida hotel room the night before Rush was killed , and he believed the receipt was in his pocket when police arrested him . But authorities told the defense he had no such receipt , according to Koss . In the course of the investigation , the Conviction Review Unit found the receipt in police records , time stamped and dated -- solidifying Fleming 's claim that he was in Florida at the time of the crime , according to the district attorney 's office . "  This is proof of alibi that was basically purposely withheld , " Koss said . The review unit also interviewed Fleming 's former girlfriend , who said she called Fleming the night of the killing while he was still at his hotel in Florida . The investigation found her story to be credible , with phone records to support it . The prosecution also produced a witness who said she saw Fleming commit the crime . According to Koss , the woman recanted her testimony weeks after Fleming 's conviction . She later testified in front of a judge that she was on parole and had been arrested with another woman for being in a stolen van the night of the killing . She said police persuaded her to give a statement against Fleming to avoid going back to jail . Koss said the judge threw out her later testimony because she could not provide enough facts to back up her story . Koss said defense investigators even found a witness in South Carolina who claims to have been the getaway driver during Rush 's killing and who identified someone they say is the real killer . New York City to pay man who served 22 years in prison $ 6.4 million for wrongful conviction New York man settles wrongful-imprisonment lawsuit for $ 3.4 million CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Jonathan Fleming , 52 , files notice of claim for $ 162 million lawsuit against city , police , prosecutors Fleming was wrongfully convicted in 1989 killing and spent nearly 25 years in prison Review of Fleming 's case supports his alibi that he was in Florida when slaying occurred Fleming , released in April , currently has no permanent home or job , lawyer says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It 's already torched more than 35 square miles -- and the massive mountain fire in southern California is nowhere near under control . The blaze , near Idyllwild and Fern Valley , prompted an evacuation order for about 6,000 residents , fire officials said . More than 4,000 homes south of Palm Springs are threatened by the fire . Fewer than 5 % of residents refused evacuation orders , officials said . U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Jeanne Pincha-Tulley said the blaze was "  human-caused " and is under investigation . As of Thursday evening , the inferno was about 15 % contained . It has burned 22,800 acres -- up from the nearly 20,000 acres reported Wednesday night , officials said . About 3,000 fire personnel were at the scene , U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Melody Lardner said . Three firefighters suffered minor injuries Wednesday . At least eight structures have been damaged or destroyed in the blaze . CNN "  s Amanda Watts and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Blaze is "  human-caused , " officials say The fire is threatening more than 4,000 homes About 6,000 residents in the Idyllwild area are under an evacuation order The blaze is 15 % contained , a forest service officials say
CNN  The family of Ibragim Todashev , an associate of Tamerlan Tsarnaev who was killed during an FBI interrogation , plans to sue the agency . Todashev 's parents filed a "  notice of claim " Monday , saying they plan to seek $ 30 million in a wrongful death lawsuit . The claim argues the FBI has given "  no viable justification " to account for shooting and killing Todashev during a 2013 interrogation in Todashev 's apartment in Orlando , Florida . The interrogation occurred about a month after the Boston Marathon bombings and centered around another crime linked to bombing suspect Tsarnaev : a 2011 triple homicide in Waltham , Massachusetts . Todashev admitted to his direct role in slashing three people 's throats in Waltham and said Tsarnaev was involved as well , a federal law enforcement official told CNN in 2013 . It was during that interview that Todashev was shot dead . The Council on American Islamic Relations Florida filed the notice of the Todashev family 's intention to sue on Monday . "  We are seeking answers and justice for someone who was shot seven times by an FBI agent in his own home after hours of interrogation , " said Ali Kurnaz , a spokesman for the civil rights group . Many things that happened that day do n't add up , Kurnaz said . "  Todashev was unarmed with any gun , knife , explosive or other deadly weapon , " the notice says . "  Todashev did not pose a threat of serious bodily harm . " The FBI did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Officials who spoke to CNN after the shooting painted a different picture of what happened during the interrogation . One law enforcement official said Todashev attacked the FBI agent with a broom handle , gashing his head before the agent opened fire . At the time , the official stressed that the shooting was justified and done in self-defense because the agent felt threatened . A U.S. government official briefed on the investigation rebuffed the idea that Todashev was n't a threat -- noting , for instance , that he could have taken the agent 's gun . "  He was armed . Maybe it was n't a weapon , but he had a long object , " the official said . And because of Todashev 's martial arts expertise , "  he was a weapon himself . " But from the outset , that argument did n't add up to the Todashev family . "  My son was definitely unarmed , because he never had a gun , " father Abdulbaki Todashev told CNN in 2013 . "  He could n't attack them or fight them ; he could n't do anything because even two men could easily handle him . " The elder Todashev suggested his son may have been provoked . "  If you question someone for eight hours , you can provoke him into anything , " he said . Last year , Florida State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton said after an investigation the FBI agent 's actions were justified . "  Todashev  went down , but he was not incapacitated . He came up again in an aggressive manner , and the officer then fired the second volley of three or four shots . Which at that point essentially incapacitated Mr. Todashev , " Ashton said . "  It would seem almost superhuman , but everything that we have learned in the investigation would show an individual who has a great deal of tolerance of pain and would more or less fight beyond it . "  It seemed to me that if the goal was to get away , he could have gone out that back door and gotten away instead of going towards the officers . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Evan Perez , Phil Black and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Ibragim Todashev was killed during a 2013 FBI interrogation His family has filed a notice that it plans to the sue the FBI for $ 30 million Todashev was an associate of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev
CNN  -- On the same day that President Barack Obama spoke to the press about possible surveillance reforms -- and released a related white paper on the subject -- the National Security Agency came out with its own rare , publicly-released , seven-page document  PDF  , essentially justifying its own practices . The entire document is dated August 9 , 2013 , and has no attributable names or contact details on it . Its most striking portion ? A separate block of text on page six , which states : "  According to figures published by a major tech provider , the Internet carries 1,826 Petabytes of information per day . In its foreign intelligence mission , NSA touches about 1.6 % of that . However , of the 1.6 % of the data , only 0.025 % is actually selected for review . The net effect is that NSA analysts look at 0.00004 % of the world 's traffic in conducting their mission -- that 's less than one part in a million . Put another way , if a standard basketball court represented the global collection would be represented by an area smaller than a dime on that basketball court . " And , nearly directly below that section , the NSA presents its strongest categorical denial of using foreign partners to circumvent American law : "  NSA partners with well over 30 different nations in order to conduct its foreign intelligence mission . In every case , NSA does not and will not use a relationship with a foreign intelligence service to ask that service to do what NSA is itself prohibited by law from doing . These partnerships are an important part of the US and allied defense against terrorists , cyber threat actors , and others who threaten our individual and collective security . Both parties to these relationships benefit . " The document begins by referencing the September 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , DC , and notes that the NSA "  did not have the tools or the database to search to identify -LSB- terorrist -RSB- connections and share them with the FBI . " The NSA then argues : "  We do not need to sacrifice civil liberties for the sake of national security ; both are integral to who we are as Americans . NSA can and will continue to conduct its operations in a manner that respects both . " And how , pray tell , might an American 's e-mail be accidentally swept up in a dragnet that is ostensibly targeting a foreign suspect ? "  For example , a US person might be courtesy copied on an e-mail to or from a legitimate foreign target , or a person in the US might be in contact with a known terrorist target . In those cases , minimization procedures adopted by the Attorney General in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and approved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court are used to protect the privacy of the US person . These minimization procedures control the acquisition , retention , and dissemination of any U.S. person information incidentally acquired during operations conducted pursuant to Section 702 . " Of course , also on Friday , The Guardian published an excerpt from a document leaked by Edward Snowden showing that the NSA has the ability to search Americans ' e-mails -- but apparently restrains itself from doing so . The document also notes Section 215 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act -- the business records provision -- is what gives the the government the authority to capture telephony metadata . At the end of the document , the NSA also argues that it has adequate oversight from a number of government agencies -- Bruce Schneier probably would disagree with that -- and also is able to police itself . As the NSA concludes : "  In addition to NSA 's compliance safeguards , NSA personnel are obligated to report when they believe NSA is not , or may not be , acting consistently with law , policy , or procedure . This self-reporting is part of the culture and fabric of NSA . If NSA is not acting in accordance with law , policy , or procedure , NSA will report through its internal and external intelligence oversight channels , conduct reviews to understand the root cause , and make appropriate adjustments to constantly improve . " This report originally appeared on ArsTechnica . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	NSA says it looks at tiny fraction of Web traffic Security agency released rare document on policies Friday Says it "  touches " 1.6 % of Web traffic , reads .00004 %
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A businessman and his wife were arrested on charges of blackmailing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , Italian police said Thursday . The blackmail allegations are linked to a sex scandal surrounding Berlusconi for months . Gianpaolo Tarantini , 36 , and Angela Devenuto , 34 , were arrested at their Rome home and brought to Naples to be questioned by prosecutors . A judge issued an arrest warrant for a third person , Valter Lavitola , who authorities said was the link between Berlusconi and Tarantini . Lavitola is believed to be out of the country . Tarantini , who is accused of paying escorts to go to parties with Berlusconi , has said the leader was not aware of the payments . But , according to the Naples 's prosecutors , Berlusconi was a victim of "  veiled and implied threats " and paid 500,000 euros  $ 714,250  to Tarantini . Berlusconi told the Panorama newspaper , owned by his media group , that he gave the money to Tarantini as an act of charity . "  Through Lavitola , " Berlusconi told Panorama , "  I helped a person  Tarantini  with a family and kids , which is now in very bad economic situation . I have nothing to repent of . I did n't do anything illicit ; I just helped a desperate man without pretending nothing  anything  in exchange . " Tarantini said he will cooperate with authorities . He denied he blackmailed Berlusconi , to whom he expressed his "  gratitude for all what he did for he and for my family . " In a separate case , Berlusconi is presently on trial in Milan for allegedly paying for sex with a then-17-year-old Moroccan belly dancer named Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " The Berlusconi sex scandal explained He is charged with abuse of power because prosecutors say he phoned a police station -- where she was being held on theft charges -- to have her released . Berlusconi has repeatedly denied all of the allegations , even joking about how unlikely it is that a man his age would be capable of the sexual feats some have claimed . "  I 'm 74 years old and even though I may be a bit of a rascal , 33 girls in two months seems to me too much even for a 30-year-old . " In 2009 , his wife of 19 years , Veronica Lario , filed for divorce and publicly accused her husband of "  consorting with minors " after he attended the 18th birthday party of an aspiring TV actress and model called Noemi Letizia . Berlusconi said the young woman was the daughter of a friend and that he had done nothing inappropriate . Noemi Letizia and her family also said there was nothing improper . That same year , another young woman , Patrizia D'Addario , alleged she and other girls were paid to attend parties at Berlusconi 's residence . Berlusconi denied the claim , telling his weekly magazine Chi : "  I never understood where the satisfaction is when you 're missing the pleasure of conquest . " El Mahroug has denied having sex with the premier . Both admit that he gave her money , although they say it was an act of kindness to help the young girl . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Couple arrested at their Rome home They are accused of blackmailing the Italian prime minister Berlusconi said he gave the family money out of charity
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An explosion outside a political rally in northwest Pakistan Monday killed five people and wounded 10 , officials said . The Tehrik-e-Taliban , or Pakistani Taliban , claimed responsibility for the blast . "  We carried out the attack , " said Asim Mehsud , the Taliban spokesman for Pakistan 's South Waziristan region . "  We will also target upcoming rallies of the Awami National Party , as it is a secular party . We will also target any other rallies conducted by secular political parties in the future . " The chief minister and provincial leaders from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , where the rally was held , attended the event , which was hosted by the Awami National Party . They left the vicinity shortly before the explosion , provincial spokesman Mian Iftikhar Hussain told a local news channel . The Awami National Party is often targeted by the Taliban . It is part of the governing coalition led by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party . In November , party member Hanif Jadoon and his bodyguard were killed in a suicide attack . Jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the Islamic holiday of Eid al-Adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives . The attack took place in the Swabi district of the province , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Islamabad . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the blast The explosion happened outside a political rally The secular Awami National Party is often targeted by the Taliban The party is part of the governing coalition led by Gilani 's Pakistan Peoples Party
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah announced greater political participation for women in the conservative kingdom this week , but Tuesday , a human rights group decried the promised reforms in light of a flogging sentence for a woman who dared to drive a car . Amnesty International said a Saudi woman was sentenced to 10 lashes for getting behind the wheel . The group said the harsh sentence demonstrated the scale of discrimination against women in the Islamic nation , and it urged the dismantling of the "  whole system of women 's subordination . " "  Flogging is a cruel punishment in all circumstances , but it beggars belief that the authorities in Saudi Arabia have imposed lashes on a woman apparently for merely driving a car , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  Belatedly allowing women to vote in council elections is all well and good , but if they are still going to face being flogged for trying to exercise their right to freedom of movement , then the King 's much-trumpeted ` reforms ' actually amount to very little . " Amnesty said a court in Jeddah handed down the sentence Tuesday . Two other women are believed to be facing charges for driving , one in Jeddah and one in al-Khobar . The Women2Drive campaign said the woman who was sentenced to 10 lashes has appealed the sentence . She said she did not want to be identified or speak publicly about her case for her own safety . Women2Drive also said police pulled over women 's rights activist Madeah Alajroush for driving in Riyadh on Tuesday . She was taken to police headquarters for questioning and released after she signed a pledge not to drive and called for a taxi home , a statement from Women2Drive said . "  After the euphoria of the announcement on voting , we are saddened and shocked to hear the news today , " said Maha Al-Qahtani , a member of Women2Drive . No specific traffic laws make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia , but religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers . Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts , obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian . Authorities stopped Manal al Sharif , 32 , for driving a car May 21 and detained her the next day . She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again and spent a week in jail . Her case became a rallying cry for female activists . The Women2Drive campaign on Facebook and Twitter encouraged women to drive as part of their normal daily activities rather than converge in one place . On Sunday , King Abdullah announced two changes for women , which would be historic for Saudi Arabia . He said women will be allowed to serve as members of the Shura Council , the appointed consultative council that advises the king . He also said women will be allowed to run as candidates and nominate candidates in the next set of municipal elections . It is unknown when those may ultimately take place . The changes do not apply to elections scheduled for Thursday , which will be only the second set of elections in the kingdom since 1963 . The U.S. State Department 's human rights report on Saudi Arabia , published in 2011 , noted many challenges facing women in Saudi Arabia in 2010 : -- "  By law a female rape victim is at fault for illegal ` mixing of genders ' and is punished along with the perpetrator . " -- "  The guardianship system requires that every woman have a close male relative as her ` guardian ' with the authority to approve her travel . " -- "  Women risk arrest for riding in a vehicle driven by a male who is not an employee or a close male relative . " -- "  Women also faced discrimination in courts , where the testimony of one man equals that of two women . " -- "  The law requires a woman to obtain the permission of a male guardian to work if the type of business is not ` deemed appropriate for a woman . ' " CNN 's Kindah Shair , Mohammed Jamjoom and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Saudi king announced greater political participation for women this week Amnesty International says the reforms mean little in light of flogging sentence Women are barred from getting behind the wheel in Saudi Arabia Amnesty says a woman was sentenced to 10 lashes
China 's first lunar rover deployed successfully from the unmanned spacecraft Chang ` e-3 that landed on the moon Saturday . Jade Rabbit  called Yutu in Chinese  is a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with at least four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples to a depth of 30 meters . The solar-powered rover will patrol the moon 's surface , studying the structure of the lunar crust as well as soil and rocks , for at least three months . The robot 's name was decided by a public online poll and comes from a Chinese myth about the pet white rabbit of a goddess , Chang ` e , who is said to live on the moon . Weighing 140 kilograms , the slow-moving rover carries an optical telescope for astronomical observations and a powerful ultraviolet camera that will monitor how solar activity affects the various layers -- troposphere , stratosphere and ionosphere -- that make up the Earth 's atmosphere , China 's information technology ministry said in a statement . The Jade Rabbit is also equipped with radioisotope heater units , allowing it to function during the cold lunar nights when temperatures plunge as low as -180 C  -292 F  . The moon exploration makes China one of only three nations -- after the United States and the former Soviet Union -- to "  soft-land " on the moon 's surface , and the first to do so in more than three decades . China 's space program China has rapidly built up its space program since it first sent an astronaut into space in 2003 . In 2012 , the country conducted 18 space launches , according to the Pentagon . The Chang ` e-3 mission constitutes the second phase of China 's moon exploration program , which includes orbiting , landing and returning to Earth . In 2010 , China captured images of the landing site for the 2013 probe , the Bay of Rainbows , which is considered to be one of the most picturesque parts of the moon . Tourist trips to the moon by 2043 ? Within the next decade , China expects to open a permanent space station in the Earth 's orbit . But scientists in the United States have expressed concern that the Chang ` e-3 mission could skew the results of a NASA study of the moon 's dust environment . The spacecraft 's descent is likely to create a noticeable plume on the moon 's surface that could interfere with research already being carried out by NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , Jeff Plescia , chair of NASA 's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group told news site Space.com in November . The Chang ` e-3 spacecraft blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in China 's Sichuan province on December 2 and reached the moon 's orbit at 100 kilometers  about 60 miles  from its surface less than five days later . On Tuesday , it descended into an elliptical orbit with its lowest point just 15 kilometers off the lunar surface , a spokesperson for China 's Administration of Science , Technology and Industry for National Defense told Xinhua . The Soviet Union 's Luna 24 probe was the last space mission to land on the moon in August 1976 -- four years after the United States launched the manned Apollo 17 mission . Iran claims second launch of monkey into space and back	China 's unmanned space craft successfully released a moon rover Three nations now have soft-landed on moon 's surface The Jade Rabbit rover will study lunar surface China has rapidly built up its space program
Johnston , Iowa  CNN  -- Rick Santorum has two words for Mitt Romney . "  Game on , " Santorum said in a speech to supporters after the Iowa caucuses . With a low-budget , grass-roots campaign that chugged along in near invisibility for months , the former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania caught the Republican establishment completely off-guard with a stunning performance Tuesday night in Iowa .  Romney edged out Santorum by eight votes , but both had roughly 25 % of the vote . Analysis : Narrow loss a big win for Santorum Asked whether he felt like another Pennsylvanian , the fictional underdog fighter Rocky Balboa , Santorum could not resist predicting a sequel in the upcoming New Hampshire primary . "  There 's going to be a rematch , " Santorum said to CNN about the battle ahead against caucus winner Romney . Santorum brushed off news that Sen. John McCain would endorse Romney . McCain was the winner of the 2008 New Hampshire primary and the eventual GOP presidential nominee that year . "  I would have expected that . I 'm surprised he had n't done it sooner , " Santorum said of McCain 's expected endorsement . Santorum worked in a dig that McCain 's moderate views meshed better with those of Romney . Opinion : Can Santorum show Iowa was no fluke ? Santorum may have been the only politician in Iowa who was not surprised by his remarkable performance . Even his top Iowa surrogate , Secretary of State Matt Schultz , said he did n't expect Santorum to do so well . In the hours before the caucuses began , Santorum sounded cautiously optimistic . But he was careful not to predict victory . "  I feel like if we can crack the top three that would be great , " Santorum told CNN . 5 things we learned from the Iowa caucuses Santorum earned his strong showing with an old-fashioned , retail-politics campaign . In the months leading up to the caucuses , he held roughly 360 town halls across all of Iowa 's 99 counties . Unlike his more well-financed rivals , the former senator worked off of a shoestring budget . While some candidates had their faces plastered across slick campaign buses , Santorum rode around in a supporter 's pickup known as "  The Chuck Truck . " ` Fear Rick 's Vest ' : Santorum 's sweaters go viral Driving home that down-to-earth image , Santorum often wore his trademark sweater vest and cowboy boots . All along the way , Santorum was patient . He watched other conservative alternatives to Romney rise and fall . As luck would turn out , Santorum 's moment would come at exactly the right moment . One week before the caucuses , two polls from CNN/Time/ORC and NBC/Marist confirmed Santorum was gaining support . Then Saturday 's Des Moines Register poll , which has a solid track record of predicting the outcome of the caucuses , confirmed the Santorum surge . Over the four days during which the poll was conducted , Santorum finished third . But voter preferences measured during the last two days found Santorum in second place , statistically tied with Romney . In a fresh sign of Santorum 's strength , the former Massachusetts governor took a soft jab at his newfound rival . "  Like Speaker Gingrich , Sen. Santorum has spent his career in the government in Washington , " Romney said . Speaking to an overflow crowd jammed into a Polk City coffee shop , Santorum fired off a surprisingly sharp response , taking aim at Romney 's business experience . "  I know one of my opponents who has now directed his attention to me , surprisingly , has said that he has executive experience . We are not looking for a chief executive officer for this country . We are looking for a commander in chief , " Santorum said . In the day before the caucuses , Santorum told another crowd in Boone he was the subject of negative robocalls that accused him of opposing the Second Amendment . Santorum blamed another rival , U.S. Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , for being behind the calls . There were also challenges coming from conservative media outlets , where right-leaning pundits questioned Santorum 's viability in a general election . In 2006 , Santorum lost his Senate seat to Democrat Bob Casey by 18 percentage points . Santorum brushed off the concern . "  I lost an election in the worst election year for Republicans in the history of our state , " Santorum said . A major factor in Santorum 's defeat was his controversial vote to have a judge intervene in the case of Terri Schiavo , a Florida woman who was living in a vegetative state at the time and whose family was deeply divided over whether to remove her feeding tube . Santorum defended his vote to CNN . "  What I cared about with Terri Schiavo was that a judge looked at the case fairly and they did . And they made their decision , " Santorum said . "  I did n't think that was an unreasonable thing to do . " Polls conducted before Santorum 's re-election defeat found voters in Pennsylvania were opposed to congressional intervention in the case . Santorum 's handling of the Schiavo case did agree with social conservatives , who are now flocking to his campaign . One day before the Iowa caucuses , the former senator picked up the endorsement of Jim Bob Duggar , a reality TV star and Christian conservative who backed Mike Huckabee in 2008 . Huckabee won the Iowa caucuses with the support of evangelical votes . Duggar and roughly half of his 19 children accompanied Santorum on stops Monday across Iowa . The reality-show family traveled in a Santorum for President bus . In the final moments when nearly all of the votes were in , Santorum was 19 ahead of Romney . People at the Santorum caucus party joked it was the Duggar family that had put him over the top .	Iowa runner-up Rick Santorum predicts "  rematch " with Mitt Romney in New Hampshire Santorum catches GOP establishment off-guard with strong showing in caucuses Ex-senator from Pennsylvania held roughly 360 town halls across all of Iowa 's 99 counties Santorum lost 2006 Senate re-election campaign by 18 percentage points
CNN  -- Do you ever get sick of your phone ringing ? What about Facebook fatigue ? Does Twitter sometimes give you stress headaches , making you occasionally wish you could just yank the plug on your online life ? Do you get nervous when your smart phone rings ? A report says you 're not alone . Well , you 're not alone , according to a recent report from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , a nonprofit research group in Washington . The report , written by John Horrigan , the project 's associate director of research , says 7 percent of Americans use the Internet as their primary means of social communication and also feel conflicted about that fact . These online social network users , which Horrigan calls "  ambivalent networkers , " are so connected they feel like they ca n't quit . But Horrigan , who counts himself among this group , says there is hope for these conflicted techies.Take a quiz to find out what kind of tech user you are "  I do think it 's a matter of society and individuals in society understanding these tools . So tools can be used for good and tools can be used for ill as well . They can have negative impacts , " he said . CNN spoke with Horrigan by phone about the various ways people are using cell phones and the Internet today , including the 14 percent of people who use neither . The following is an edited version of that conversation : CNN : Tell me about the report . Horrigan : We recently produced a report called "  The Mobile Difference , " which places American adults into 10 different user types , depending on how they feel about information technology , what kind of information technology they have in their lives and how they use information technology in their lives . CNN : You give the names for these categories some fun titles . Tell me more about what we know about these groups of people . Horrigan : The most high-tech group we labeled the "  digital collaborators . " The digital collaborators are the ones with the most technology , doing the most with it and loving it the most , and really are about not just using technology to communicate with others but to cultivate their creative lives . Another is the "  ambivalent networkers , " which is a fun group in that they 're the youngest of any group ... they 're the most active in using mobile devices for a range of different purposes , yet , at the same time they express fairly high levels of concern about always being available to others . CNN : I find that group interesting . What 's behind that conflicted sentiment ? Horrigan : There 's a sense that it might be costly for them not to be on the network . So if you think of that group of "  ambivalent networkers " as being a youthful group , all of whom have cell phones , probably the very majority of their social networks are online . They 're always texting or communicating or e-mailing to keep in touch and make plans . So if you 're in a social milieu like that and you want a break , you may feel like going off the grid would be a bad thing , because you wo n't know what your friends are up to , you wo n't know what the plan is for Saturday evening , or you might worry that your friends will be worried if you 're not instantly responsive to their queries . CNN : Do you have a sense whether those negative feelings are a growing trend , or if people are becoming more mobile and on the whole are liking it ? Horrigan : What I think the message is with all these new tools -- Twitter , for instance -- is that Twitter is a great way to put yourself out there . It also could be a tool for managing your connectivity . You might start to use your Facebook page or your Twitter account as a means to say , "  Hey guys , I 'm shutting down for a while , so do n't worry about me if I do n't respond to you immediately . " So I think a challenge for people going forward is to see these tools as tools , meaning you can use them to identify yourself as being offline at a particular moment , and not see them as perpetual obligations to be available at all times to all people . CNN : Have you heard of any interesting ways people might be dealing with that ? Horrigan : I think it 's fairly well known in the tech community that traffic for blogs and so-forth dives on the weekends , so I think people tend to use the weekends as a way to take a little bit of a breather . CNN : The people who are off the network entirely , do you have a sense if that population is growing , or if those people will eventually end up on the network ? Horrigan : The off-network share of Americans was approximately the same in 2008 as it was in 2006 , when we looked at it before . I think that will shrink over time as people become more dependent on the cell phone , which we do see as a rising trend . People who are off the network tend to be older and lower income . I think as time marches on you 'll see technology that 's tailored more towards older Americans . So we can expect that -LSB- group -RSB- to shrink over time , but maybe not at a tremendously rapid rate . CNN : If you were to pick one of these groups , which would you fall into ? Horrigan : I took the test and I was an "  ambivalent networker . " I answered on the quiz that I sometimes do n't get all too charged up when that cell phone rings or vibrates . So I 'm someone who does like to have a bit of a break from the Internet from time to time or with cell phone availability . And I kind of struggle with that occasionally . CNN : How do you handle that ? Horrigan : It 's a matter of self-discipline : turning the cell phone off from time to time and spending , when I can , part of the workday not in front of the computer .	CNN talks with researcher about how people today use phone and Internet Some high-tech people feel conflicted about their gadgets Research group says 7 percent of U.S. adults fit this category About 14 percent of adults do n't have cell phones or Internet access , Pew says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When the economy gets tough , the tough come out fighting . For some businesses , that means bringing out a fighter brand -- a cut-price version of a flagship product , marketed under a new name , and intended to fight back against budget competitors . "  Jetstar " is a fighter brand that worked , beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand . When it 's done right it can destroy cut-price competition , but done badly it can drive a business to the brink of bankruptcy . Mark Ritson , associate professor at Melbourne Business School , has written an article for the October issue of Harvard Business Review discussing the benefits and pitfalls of launching a fighter brand . He says that over the next six months a number of new fighter brands are likely to appear in response to the recession . "  Fighter brands are very unusual but they are becoming increasingly common , " he told CNN . "  It 's high risk and high reward , and when it works it can have astonishing results . " Ritson gives the example of Intel , which launched its budget "  Celeron " chip in the late 1990s to in response to AMD 's low-priced chips , which were threatening Intel 's premium "  Pentium " brand . Read more business features With "  Celeron , " Intel came up with a budget alternative to "  Pentium " for the lower end of the market and cemented its position as market leader . But Intel 's success is the exception rather than the rule . "  The majority of fighter brands not only have n't worked , but have gone on to do significant damage to the companies that launched them , " said Ritson . General Motors '  GM  "  Saturn , " United Airlines ' "  Ted , " and Kodak 's "  Funtime " film range are all high-profile fighter brands that failed . Despite the appeal of taking on the competition in a fist fight , launching a successful fighter brand is easier said than done . "  The problem is that fighter brands are almost always a knee-jerk reaction to a problem and are not always well thought out , " Neil Saunders , consulting director with Verdict Research , told CNN . Ritson says one element in building a fighter brand is to avoid creating a low-price product that is so attractive that it steals customers who would otherwise be buying that company 's premium-brand product . On the other hand , if the fighter brand is too expensive or too low quality , it wo n't put up much of a fight against the opposition it 's designed to attack . Another complication is that even the biggest companies do n't have the money and managerial time to distract themselves with a new brand at a time when they should be concentrating on their core products , and then there is the difficulty in operating at an unfamiliar low price level . "  The airline industry is a prime example , where people have launched fighter brands to combat the budget airlines and have been notoriously unsuccessful , " said Saunders . "  If it 's not your business model it 's not easy to operate , and it 's not usually these airlines ' business model . " United 's "  Ted , " and Delta Air Lines "  Song " were launched to combat budget carriers , but they were n't up to the challenge . In fact , Ritson says those fighter brands contributed to United and Delta 's bankruptcy . But with its budget "  Jetstar " airline , Qantas managed to find the holy grail for fighter brands -- beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand in its own right . So what was different about the Qantas model ? "  One thing was that Qantas took a long , hard look at the numbers and decided if they could be profitable , " said Ritson . "  One of the problems with fighter brands is that they are oriented towards destroying a competitor and because of that managers pay a lot less attention to the bottom line . " He gives the example of GM 's "  Saturn , " a car designed to take on fuel-efficient , affordable Japanese cars . "  Saturn " sold plenty of cars , at least at first , but its high operating costs meant it lost millions of dollars , playing a huge part in bankrupting GM . So given the huge risks involved , should companies even consider launching a fighter brand ? "  Only do it if you can win and it fits with your existing proposition , " says Saunders . Ritson cautions , "  The minute you add a new brand to your portfolio it 's hundreds of thousands of hours of management time , and millions of dollars in development , advertising and distraction . "  Ask the question , ` do I need a fighter brand or is this a real seismic change in the market , which means I need to change my existing strategy with existing brands ? ' Otherwise you will lose five years and $ 50 million . "	Fighter brands are designed to fight back against low-priced competition Done wrong , fighter brands can drive a company to the brink of bankruptcy GM 's "  Saturn " is a fighter brand that failed , while Intel 's "  Celeron " succeeded New fighter brands are likely to be launched in response to the recession
Jonathan Pollard , the former U.S. intelligence agent who was convicted of spying for Israel , could be released before the Jewish holiday of Passover as part of efforts to save Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations , an Israeli official involved in the talks told CNN . Suggestions for deals for Pollard 's release have been floated over the years but have not materialized . Passover starts on April 14 . Talk of Pollard 's possible release came as Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to Israel on Monday to try to mediate a dispute between Israel and the Palestinians over the release of Palestinian prisoners . Kerry was in Belgium on Tuesday . He was expected to go back to Israel on Wednesday and to visit Ramallah , West Bank , but a senior State Department official told CNN that trip is no longer happening . Kerry stated Tuesday night that "  no agreement has been reached with respect to any prisoner " -- be it Pollard , whom he was asked about , or anyone else -- though talks involving all parties are ongoing in hopes of reaching a broader agreement . "  At this point in time , no agreement has been reached with respect to any prisoner , not even the ones that at this moment are at issue in terms of the transfer . The Cabinet in Israel has to vote . I 'm not sure exactly when that might take place or not . So there is no agreement at this point in time regarding anyone , or any specific steps , there are a lot of different possibilities in play , " Kerry said . "  It is difficult , it is emotional , it requires huge decisions , some of them with great political difficulty , " he continued . " ... We are continuing , even now ... to find the best way forward . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that President Barack Obama has n't decided whether to release the convicted spy at Israel 's request . "  The Israelis frequently raise this issue , and they have raised this issue in our discussions , " Carney said . "  Beyond that , I 'm not going to get ahead of the work that Secretary Kerry is doing and the conversations that he 's having . " Pollard 's possible release was being discussed as part of a broader agreement that has not been finalized , according to sources familiar with the talks . In exchange for the release , the sources have said that Israel would have to make significant concessions to the Palestinians , which could include a settlement freeze , the release of additional prisoners beyond the current group in dispute and an agreement to continue peace negotiations beyond the end-of-April deadline . Pollard was convicted in 1987 of spying for Israel and is serving a life sentence in the United States . His imprisonment has been a source of tension between the United States and Israel . 27 years later , Pollard case remains a diplomatic thorn Parameters The Israeli official said the parameters of a deal still emerging include negotiations with the Palestinians continuing into 2015 , and an agreement that during that time , Palestinians would refrain from taking their case to international bodies . However , Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian lawmaker who met Monday with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss Kerry 's efforts , said the Palestinian leadership believes the Israelis are making claims of an "  emerging deal " to create an impression that a breakthrough is imminent so that when it falls apart , it can be blamed on the Palestinians . Barghouti doubted the notion that the Palestinians were on the verge of signing a deal and said Abbas is increasingly convinced that Israel is not interested in any process that would lead to Palestinian statehood . According to the Israeli official , though , a fourth Palestinian prisoner release would go ahead and would include Israeli Arabs , the official added . An additional 400 Palestinian prisoners would be released . Israel would determine those to be released , and they would not have blood on their hands , the official added . Regarding settlements , there would not be a total freeze , but "  Israel will act with great restraint , " he said . But in what one nongovernmental organization 's director called "  a blow to the American efforts in trying to achieve an agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians , " Israel pushed forward Tuesday with tenders for new settlement construction in Gilo , in East Jerusalem . "  Israel today re-announced pushed tenders for 708 new settlement units in Gilo that were originally published in November , " said Hagit Ofran , director of Peace Now , an Israeli NGO that monitors Israel 's settlement construction in the West Bank and Jerusalem . The Israeli official said Jerusalem would not be included in the provision calling for no tenders for new housing in the West Bank , although work would proceed on tenders already issued , the official said . The halt on new tenders refers to housing only . Construction of other infrastructure , such as roads and hospitals , he said , would continue . Asked about the talks and a possible release , Asher Mivzari , a spokesman for The Free Jonathan Pollard Committee , said the committee was not "  reacting to the news . " "  Their message all along has been that Jonathan Pollard should have been freed a long time ago and this should be an outcome of justice in the American legal system , " he said . Separately , a spokesman for Cabinet Minister Uri Ariel confirmed he had said he was against the release of "  murderers " in exchange for Pollard . Opinion : Trade a spy , get Middle East peace ? Parole consideration Israel has in the past tried to link Pollard 's release to peace negotiations . Current and former U.S. officials and experts have suggested the United States government might tie his release to a comprehensive peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians . Pollard is up for parole consideration in November 2015 , and the United States is running out of time to use his possible release for leverage with Israel . Carney , the White House spokesman , said on Monday that it is a "  complicated issue " and declined to "  get into details " about the negotiations . "  And with regards to Mr. Pollard , he is a person who was convicted of espionage and is serving his sentence , and I do n't have any update on his situation , " Carney said . But the fact the United States is apparently willing to discuss his release before even a framework agreement has been reached between the parties shows the extraordinary efforts Washington is making to salvage the troubled negotiations . When asked whether Pollard was a topic in Kerry 's talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki stuck to the White House line and said she had no updates on his status . Talks hit a snag The peace negotiations , which began in July , have hit a snag over whether Israel will agree to release more than two dozen prisoners , including 14 Arab Israelis whom Israel considers terrorists . They were scheduled to be freed on March 29 , and now Palestinian negotiators are threatening to end the negotiations over the delay . Israel has already released three groups of prisoners , most of whom have served lengthy prison terms for attacks on Israelis . But this final release is especially contentious because it includes convicted murderers . Netanyahu has said he would seek approval for any further releases with his Cabinet , which has been critical of the previous releases . Israeli Deputy Defense Minister Danny Danon told CNN he will resign if Israel goes ahead with the prisoner release , and other Likud Party members in the Cabinet , along with members of the HaBayit HaYahudi Party , which has 12 members in the Knesset , could join him , creating a political crisis . Netanyahu has also said he would not release any more prisoners if Abbas did not agree to continue negotiations and to stop threatening to seek recognition for Palestinians before international bodies . A new possible stumbling block in the overall talks arose Tuesday , when Abbas signed 15 requests to have his government join international organizations , according to Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti . Asked about this development , Kerry said none of the organizations that Abbas asked to join "  involved the U.N. " Furthermore , he scuttled any thought that this could derail negotiations while insisting that the key players remain engaged . The United States is ready and willing to play a significant role , Kerry said . Still , Kerry stressed that it 's the Israelis and Palestinians who will ultimately decide if a deal gets done . "  In the end , this is up to the parties , " he said . " ... The leaders have to make the decisions . " Opinion : The truth about Pollard	Kerry is no longer traveling to the Mideast on Wednesday , source tells CNN Kerry says there 's "  no agreement " with regards to any prisoner Pollard is a former U.S. intelligence agent convicted of spying for Israel Palestinian lawmaker says no deal imminent , alleges Israeli ruse
CNN  -- An elderly grandfather was greeted with hugs and kisses from his family in Washington state after returning home from months of what he called false imprisonment in a Mexican prison . Edward Chrisman , left , crosses the Mexican border into the United States after being freed in March . Ed Chrisman 's wheelchair was pushed toward his cheering family members Monday at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport for the highly anticipated reunion , CNN television affiliate KOMO reported . The 88-year-old 's ordeal began in January , when he went to Mexico with grandson Gary Chrisman Jr. for inexpensive dental work , family members said . The pair ran into trouble in Algodones , Mexico . At a convenience store , the younger Chrisman went inside to buy soft drinks while his grandfather waited in the car . The younger Chrisman had been photographing the area and approached a woman in the store about snapping shots of her daughters . He offered them $ 25 ; they agreed , and he took a few pictures of the teenagers ' faces . At that point , the Chrisman family says , the mother demanded more money from Gary Chrisman , he refused , and she called authorities , alleging that he had tried taking pornographic pictures of her daughters . Both men were arrested , but the police report does not say why the elder Chrisman was arrested . A Mexican judge ruled that Ed Chrisman could be released based on his age and health , KOMO reported . The grandson remains in a Mexican jail , awaiting trial . Ed Chrisman , of Arlington , Washington , was released in early March . But he caught the flu in jail and was recovering in Arizona . He described wretched conditions in jail , family members said , including rats that were large enough to drag away a guard dog 's puppies . "  It was really rough going to prison when you had never been there before , " Chrisman told KOMO . "  Without any facilities . Without any food for three days . Or water . Or anything . "	88-year-old from Washington state spent two months in jail His son remains imprisoned after disagreement over photos Older man caught flu in jail , spent time recuperating in Arizona
CNN  -- Books , movies , magazines and newspapers repeatedly refer to addiction , usually concerning drugs or alcohol . It is only recently , in the modern realm of celebrity addictions that the public discourse has added sex to the list of potential afflictions  see : Tiger Woods , David Duchovny  and the general public is still rather slow on acceptance . How can something as fun as sex be an addiction , you ask ? The answer is , any addiction is potentially destructive , turning something enjoyable , like a pint of beer or an intimate evening into something entirely different . Feeling compelled can take the joy out of anything . "  Shame , " the excellent and profoundly disturbing sophomore film  following 2008 's highly-regarded "  Hunger "  from English director Steve McQueen , is basically a character study of two damaged souls and their relationships both with each other and the world around them . It 's a penetrating and deeply unsettling look at addiction , obsession and self-destruction . Brandon  Michael Fassbender  is an upwardly-mobile , thirtysomething New Yorker who just happens to spend every waking moment that he 's not otherwise occupied with work , engaged in some sort of sexual activity . Pornography , escorts , random encounters , group sex , masturbation ... all are fair game . He is an addict by any definition of the word and lest you consider sex addiction as a comparatively harmless addiction compared with , say , drugs or alcohol , think again . It 's as if he 's constantly in pain and sex is the only way to stop the agony , to shut his emotional life away in a box . It 's routine self-numbing , and however charming or chatty Brandon may be in public , it 's all just a means to an end -- the search for sexual release . Maintaining a tenuous balancing act between his work life and his life as an addict , Brandon is thrown off the rails by a visit from his equally but differently damaged younger sister , Sissy  Carey Mulligan  . The two have a past . Something has happened in their childhood that has shaped their lives and their relationship and each has dealt with it in a different way . While we might be able to read into their behavior somewhat , we are largely left to imagine what that past might contain . While Brandon has buried his emotions in sexual release , Sissy is the opposite and wears hers on her sleeve , along with scars from a past of cutting and perhaps , suicide attempts . She is all externalized emotions , a gadabout to Brandon 's stoic . She 's a nightclub performer and extrovert , the exact opposite of her brother 's bottled-up persona , and her visit upsets his apple cart completely . In this oil-and-water sibling relationship , all he wants is for her to take life seriously and exhibit some responsibility , while she 's trying to get him to loosen up and have some fun . It seems as though neither is capable of doing what the other wants and both are eminently self-destructive . He is used to his solo sex life : He has an extensive porn collection , uses escorts frequently and visits Internet sex sites , all of which are interrupted by Sissy 's visit . She has no idea of his addiction and when she stumbles onto it , things go pear-shaped , but fast . Fassbender 's performance is not entirely unlike the one he gives in David Cronenberg 's "  A Dangerous Method " in that much of his character 's emotional life goes on beneath the surface . However , in "  Shame " it 's reversed . While his portrayal of Carl Jung in the Cronenberg film came alive when he was with Sabina Spielrein  Keira Knightley  , Brandon shuts down when he 's in sexual situations and the only person who can coax an emotion out of him is Sissy -- and that emotion usually is anger . Sissy , on the other hand , is just looking for some love , caring and protection from her big brother . It 's clear the two do n't see each other very often , otherwise she 'd know that Brandon is the last person to go to for those things and the last to understand what she needs . Carey Mulligan more than holds her own against yet another impressive 2011 performance from Fassbender , giving one of the best female performances in a year rife with them . A decent shot at a best supporting actress Oscar nomination , her Sissy is an open wound , raw and emotionally unguarded and working without a safety net . For his part , Fassbender inhabits Brandon like a less-homicidal version of Patrick Bateman  "  American Psycho "  . Cool , calm and collected , his emotions buried ... until they are n't and they leap out of him in a torrent . Like any addict , he 's forever searching for something to soothe his pain . The third major character in "  Shame " is New York City , and McQueen shows its cold , bleak and rather lonely side . If you 've lived there for any length of time , you ought to understand : For such a large and vibrant city , it can make you feel like you 're the last person on earth . McQueen uses the subways and dark , outer borough streets , bars and clubs to great effect , leaving most of the city  and most of its occupants  outside a tight frame and out of focus . No sweeping , glorious views of the skyline , but rather tight shots of Brandon on the subway or in a club . Even many of the sex scenes are shot as a collection of limbs and faces and breasts and other various body parts so you often are n't exactly sure where one person ends and another begins . As for said sex scenes , they are anything but sexy . By the time the most graphic of Brandon 's encounters occurs , arousal does n't even enter the mind . Much how "  Leaving Las Vegas " was unlikely to cause most people to reach for a vodka on the rocks , "  Shame " is not going to be the cause for much late-night pillow talk . On the other hand , it may just make you reach for that drink . "  Shame " is rated NC-17  no one under 17 admitted  . There 's a lot of graphic sex , all sorts of nudity and the subject matter is pretty damn dark .	"  Shame " is a penetrating , deeply unsettling look at addiction and obsession Brandon  Michael Fassbender  is constantly in pain ; sex is the only relief He is thrown off the rails by a visit from his equally but differently damaged sister
CNN  -- We all have bad habits . Nobody 's perfect . Especially the booger eaters . Most everyone will agree that one of the very worst habits -- if not THE worst habit -- is cigarette smoking . Because , really , as far as poor life choices go , it 's right up there with setting your DVR for "  Two and a Half Men . " Nothing good can come from it . But one horribly addicted man in Turkey is determined to quit , and he 's taking his efforts to a hilarious new level . Because , after 26 years of cigarettes , Ibrahim Yucel has decided to encase his entire head in a metal cage . And , hell , it might just work . Though , generally speaking , that kind of self-imposed personal torture is usually best reserved for adventurous bedroom shenanigans with shady  yet willing  people you meet on Craigslist . So I 've heard . But Yucel is serious about kicking his two-pack-a-day habit , and , as a last-ditch effort , it 's all come down to the metal head cage . Which has now gone somewhat viral . A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube , and amazed viewers got to watch Yucel 's wife literally lock him in for the day before he headed off to work . Which , despite his positive , health-conscious intentions , is a terribly misguided decision . As someone who had to wear orthodontic headgear as a kid , I can assure you there 's no glory being seen in public looking like Hannibal Lecter . But our hero does n't seem to care , and perhaps this low-tech solution IS the solution . Amazingly , Yucel created the device all by himself using 130 feet of copper wire . Which , on the down side , means if he ever wears it into the wrong neighborhood , it 'll be gone in less than 10 minutes . "  Come on ! " But , until then the cage , which has only two keys that are kept by his wife and daughter , should prevent him from getting cigarettes up to his mouth , while providing just enough room for sliding in crackers and a flattened drinking straw . Yucel is motivated by the memory of his father , who died of lung cancer , and I applaud the man for trying to quit . I wish more of you would do the same . Not so much because I care about your health , but because my biggest pet peeve in life is when people throw their butts on the ground . It drives me crazy . Unfortunately , even the kindest , most law-abiding citizens do it . Apparently , at some point in history a bunch of old dudes got together to make the rules of life and officially agreed that , for whatever reason , this would not be considered litter . "  Beer bottles ? " "  Litter ! " "  Fast-food wrappers ? " "  Litter ! " "  Hey , what about cigarette butts ? " "  Shut up , Dan . " To me , tossing butts on the ground is a habit almost as bad as actually smoking . It 's rude . It 's unsightly . And it 's definitely worse than booger eating . Fortunately , though , the majority of personal bad habits are rather innocent and do n't have any real negative impact on society as a whole . For instance , I drink waaay too much Diet Coke , and none of you are any worse off because of it . Save for my distracted co-workers who sit near the men 's room . "  Hi . Me again . " Sadly , there are some habits that are so bad to the point where they do n't even technically qualify as habits . For example , setting things on fire really should n't be "  your thing . " "  Good grief , Wayne . You got ta stop doing that . " "  I know , right ? " But smoking is still pretty bad . So , if you 're not interested in donning Yucel 's giant metal cage , and if the patch and the gum are n't working , I know of only one other sure-fire way to quit : Move to Sydney , Australia . Never in my life have I seen cigarettes so expensive , where bumming one on the streets is basically like asking a stranger to pay your next mortgage bill . Mind you , I 'm not a smoker . But when I visit a foreign city I find you can often get a pulse for the general cost of living by how much they charge for beer and cigarettes . And , at least from my travels , that 's about as bad as I 've seen it . So , go to Australia , and I promise you 'll be well on your way to better health . Unless , of course , you simply get killed just by virtue of being in that country . Fun fact : Nine out of ten things in Australia are venomous . Including most office supplies . But if all your foreign travel money is being spent on cigarettes in the first place , maybe you should settle for Yucel 's giant metal cage . Even if it does n't work , at least you 'll still have it for the next time you browse Craigslist . And that can be fun . So I 've heard . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	A man in Turkey built a copper-wire head cage to keep himself from smoking Ibrahim Yucel had a 2-pack-a-day cigarette habit His wife and daughter are the only ones with a key to unlock the cage A video detailing his master plan recently surfaced on YouTube
CNN  -- Western intelligence missed a chance to capture or kill the suspected terrorist thought to be behind the Nairobi mall massacre , according to a former informant for both the CIA and the Danish intelligence service . Morten Storm , who worked as an informant for five years , had forged a close relationship with the man -- a Kenyan called Ikrima -- who has been responsible for planning attacks inside Kenya for Al-Shabaab . Storm , a Danish national , told CNN that in March 2012 the Danish intelligence agency PET had offered him one million Danish krone  $ 200,000  on behalf of the CIA if he could lead them to Ikrima , the target of an unsuccessful operation by US Navy SEALs last month . The SEALs raided an Al-Shabaab compound at Barawe on the Somali coast , but Ikrima escaped . Storm 's told CNN it is possible he might have got wind of the plans had he still been working for Western intelligence . But his relationship with PET and the CIA ended in mid-2012 amid disagreement about a different mission in Yemen . "  I get really frustrated to know that Ikrima had been maybe involved in the Westgate terrorist attack . It frustrates me a lot because it could have been stopped and I 'm sad I ca n't be involved in this . " The CIA refused to comment on Storm 's claims ; a spokesperson for the PET told CNN : "  We ca n't confirm or deny ever knowing Morten Storm . " Kenyan counter-terrorism sources have told CNN they believe Ikrima had a hand in the Westgate attack as well as a string of plots targeting Kenya in the last two years , including a plot to target Kenya 's parliament in late 2011 . Read more : Kenya mall suspects to appear in court Storm said he first put Ikrima on the radar screen of Western intelligence in 2008 when he met him in Nairobi for the first time . In the spring of 2009 Storm met Ikrima in Nairobi again . Abdelkadir Warsame , a senior Al-Shabaab operative , had sent Ikrima to meet Storm to pick up electronic equipment for one of Al-Shabaab 's leaders . What Ikrima did not know was that Storm was working for PET , MI6 , and the CIA , and that tracking devices had been hidden in the equipment , which included a laptop . The equipment , according to Storm 's Al-Shabaab handlers , was for Saleh al Nabhan , one of the senior planners of the 1998 bombing of the U.S. embassy in Nairobi . Several months later Nabhan was targeted and killed in a U.S. Navy SEALs operation . Storm 's Al-Shabaab contacts subsequently told him they believed Nabhan had been tracked through the electronic equipment but blamed a junior courier . After Al-Shabaab carried out a twin suicide bombing attack in Kampala , Uganda in July 2010 Ikrima told Storm it was now difficult for him to travel to meet him in Nairobi . From then on the two kept in frequent touch through encrypted emails -- which CNN has seen -- providing Western intelligence with real-time information on his movements and plans . In early 2010 Storm connected Ikrima to Anwar al Awlaki , the American-Yemeni cleric who had by then begun overseeing al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's operations against the West . According to Storm the two then began communicating over encrypted emails . They eventually came up with a joint plan of action to attack the West : Ikrima would send Shabaab recruits , including Westerners , to Yemen for terrorist training , and they would then be sent back to Somalia or on to the West . "  And as for going to hooks -LSB- Awlaki 's -RSB- place ... then i was told by hook that they want to train brothers and then send them back or to the west , " Ikrima wrote to Storm in November 2010 . Read more : Did ` White Widow ' spy on Kenya mall ? Storm believes Ikrima 's connection to Awlaki -- and his delivery of equipment secretly supplied by Western intelligence - enabled Ikrima to quickly climb Al-Shabaab 's hierarchy . "  He was one of the smartest ones I met in east Africa , " he told CNN . Storm told CNN that Ikrima helped oversee an intelligence apparatus -- "  Amniyat " - Al-Shabaab set up in Kenya . "  He 's the main link between Somalia and the Al Hijra group back here in Kenya , " one of Ikrima 's former associates told CNN in Nairobi . Al Hijra is a militant outfit in Kenya closely associated with Al-Shabaab . Storm said that Ikrima was at the center of a spiderweb connecting terrorist operatives in Somalia , Kenya , Yemen , and the West . He said he had emerged as the chief handler of foreign fighters , including Westerners joining Al-Shabaab , placing him in a unique opportunity to plot terrorist attacks in East Africa and Europe . His intelligence , language skills and connections appear to have now made Ikrima invaluable to Al-Shabaab . Two former friends of Ikrima -- including a former member of Al-Shabaab , told CNN he was now a strategist and planner for the group , rather than a fighter . "  He 's part of the intelligence team . He speaks five languages - Norwegian , Swahili , Arabic , Somali , and English - and that puts him in a front seat with Al-Shabaab , " one of his associates told CNN . Storm and the two former associates have shed light on how a middle class Kenyan became one of the most wanted terrorists in east Africa . Read more : Suspicion over Norwegian 's roll in mall attack Ikrima , now believed to be in his late twenties , was born in Mombasa into a middle class ethnic Somali family who also had blood links to the Al-Ansi tribe in Yemen , a connection which later helped Ikrima forge a relationship with AQAP . The family moved to Nairobi when he was young where he excelled in his studies , especially in French and other languages . His friends remembered him as not particularly religious and fond of smoking marijuana . He moved to Norway in 2004 apparently to seek out economic opportunities in Europe , taking advantage of the fact that his Somali ethnicity allowed him to apply for refugee status . He was granted temporary travel papers , but he never fit in , and started to become radicalized . A 2006 offensive by Ethiopian troops to rid Somalia of the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamist militia that had taken control of much of the country , appears to have played a significant role . Storm said Ikrima had told him he had joined the Islamic Courts Union in Somalia and experienced the invasion by Ethiopian troops first hand . He suspects the experience instilled in Ikrima a deep commitment to Jihad . According to his friends when he returned to Norway he was told his application for asylum had been rejected , and he moved to London for several months . In 2008 Ikrima left Europe for good and returned to east Africa . Western counter-terorrism officials fear his reputation in Jihadist circles worldwide will be bolstered by his escape from the U.S. operation , and he may be emboldened to plot new attacks . " Al-Shabaab will protect him to the end . They will give him bodyguards around the clock they will make sure he is safe where ever he goes in Somalia , " one of the former associates of Ikrima told CNN . Read more : Inside story on Al-Shabaab commander Ikrima	Ex-spy says intelligence agencies missed a chance to capture suspected terrorist Al-Shabaab militant Ikrima is thought to have planned the attack on Kenya 's Westgate Mall Morten Storm is a former informant for the CIA and Danish intelligence service PET CIA refuses to comment on Storm 's claims ; PET refuses to confirm or deny knowing him
Do n't read too much into the conversation . That was the message Wednesday from Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet after a phone call between him and European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton was leaked . In the recording , which was posted to YouTube and picked up by Russian media , Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine . He says a doctor named "  Olga " told him opponents of Ukraine 's ousted President may have been responsible for deadly sniper fire . President Viktor Yanukovych fled more than a week ago in the wake of protests in Kiev 's Independence Square , where snipers from nearby rooftops killed scores of people . "  Olga  can say that it is the same handwriting , the same type of bullets , and it 's really disturbing that now the new coalition that -- they do n't want to investigate what exactly happened . There is now stronger and stronger understanding that behind snipers , it was not Yanukovych , but it was somebody from the new coalition , " Paet told Ashton . She replied : "  I think we do want to investigate ... I did n't pick that up . That 's interesting . Gosh . " Paet 's office released a statement Wednesday that confirmed the authenticity of the recording . It said the call took place on February 26 . "  Foreign Minister Paet was giving an overview of what he had heard the previous day in Kiev and expressed concern over the situation on the ground . We reject the claim that Paet was giving an assessment of the opposition 's involvement in the violence , " the statement read . "  It is extremely regrettable that phone calls are being intercepted , " said Paet in the same statement . "  The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence . " Ashton 's office declined to comment on the conversation , saying she does not discuss leaks . CNN could not immediately reach the Ukrainian government for comment , nor could it confirm the identity of "  Olga . " Russia 's state-news agency RIA-Novosti said she was Olga Bogomolets , chief coordinator of medical aid at the main protest camp in Independence Square . CNN has previously talked to Bogomolets . She volunteered last month to treat protesters and accused forces of shooting to kill , saying she had treated 13 people she believed had been targeted by "  professional snipers . " "  They were shot directly to their hearts , their brain and to their neck , " she said . "  They did n't give any chance to doctors , for us , to save lives . " The recording is the second such recent leak on Ukraine . Early last month , a leaked audio recording of a phone call allegedly caught a U.S. diplomat to Europe using profanity to express strong frustrations with inaction and indecision by the European Union in resolving the crisis . In the conversation , voices closely resembling those of Assistant Secretary for European Affairs Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt discuss a plan to broker a deal between the Ukrainian government and the opposition . At one point the woman , who sounds like Nuland , can be heard saying "  f**k the EU . " The call could not be independently verified , and it was not clear when and where it was recorded . MAP : How Ukraine is divided	A call between Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet and Catherine Ashton is leaked In the recording , Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine He says a doctor told him the opposition may have been behind deadly sniper fire Paet : "  The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence "
CNN  -- News that government agencies have been collecting phone data , and apparently tapping into popular Web services , has sparked a predictable amount of anger and apologists , political charges and counter-claims . But the Web being the Web , it 's also gotten its share of snark . There 's fairly delicious irony to people taking to the Internet to joke about the government monitoring the Internet . So as not to be alarmist , we do n't have any reports of tweet-related drone strikes as of this report . Sure , there was plenty of outrage about the alleged snooping by the National Security Agency . But there was so much chuckling mixed into reaction on Twitter that the joke hashtag #NSACalledToTellMe became a trending topic . Here 's a look at some of our favorite funny tweets on this as of Friday morning . Let us know about others you 've seen in the comments . If you ca n't see the Storify below , click here . .	People take to the Web to , yes , mock government monitoring the Web NSA snooping prompts Twitter hashtag #NSACalledToTellMe
CNN  -- In the movies , it 's a familiar storyline : superheroes joining forces to tackle a world crisis . But CNN Heroes can do it , too . Marie Da Silva , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow and Evans Wadongo are working together to help AIDS orphans in the African nation of Malawi . In 2002 , Da Silva started the Jacaranda School in Malawi , where half a million children have been orphaned by AIDS . For her efforts , she was honored as a top 10 CNN Hero in 2008 . Today , there are 400 children in the school , and they 're also benefiting from the help of two top 10 Heroes from 2010 : Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow , whose organization , Mary 's Meals , feeds more than 600,000 schoolchildren around the globe ; and Evans Wadongo , who has brought more than 23,000 free solar lanterns to rural African communities through his nonprofit , Sustainable Development For All . CNN recently spoke with Da Silva about the team-up and how it 's helping the children . CNN : How did you connect with Magnus ? Marie Da Silva : I went to the CNN Heroes tribute show in 2010 , and I saw Magnus because he was one of the top 10 CNN Heroes . In his speech , he mentioned ... how he was feeding over 300,000 children in Malawi . And it touched me . So , after he got his award , I had to go and see him and say thank you . But there was something else that was happening at our school at that same time . For all the years that I had the school , I was buying the porridge for the children , costing me something like $ 500 a month . Then , for a time , we were given porridge by  another organization  ... but we had had a drought in Malawi , so I was panicking . I went up to Magnus and ... I told him what was going on at the school . I felt a little embarrassed , but I just asked him to consider us . Now , he 's feeding all 400 of our students a day . Some of these children do go without food at home , and most of them come without breakfast to school . This porridge has all the nutrients needed and is made of soya , too -- one of the healthiest meals our orphans can have each day . We have many students who are HIV-positive , so Mary 's Meals is saving lives by keeping our children healthy . CNN : How has Magnus ' support enabled you to do more for your students ? Da Silva : The high school students who stayed in school through the afternoon ... they were weak , most sleeping in class .  Mary 's Meals  agreed to provide an additional meal of porridge for  them  at noon . This has resulted in a lot more attendance at the school and students studying with energy . One of our college graduates is now working for Mary 's Meals as a field monitor . We are so proud . ... This is what we want : to see them graduate and get quality jobs . Mary 's Meals built a new stove for us that uses less firewood and cooks our porridge even faster . ... Now , the most firewood we will use is about seven pieces , down from 40 pieces . So we 've actually saved our costs . And the most important thing is , we 're saving the environment . Magnus , he 's really a saint to me . His support means a lot to us . Every day , the children will always have something to eat , so we are thankful . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes CNN : How did you come to work with Evans Wadongo ? Da Silva : I first heard about Evans through CNN Heroes . I met him through a friend of mine , Lane Hill , who thought Evans should come to teach our kids to build the  solar lanterns  . Then Robert Burke , a math teacher at the Shanghai American School in China -- one of our biggest supporters -- was looking for another project for his students to become involved in . ... Since seeing my story on TV , they 've visited us and donated money to build our first toilets with running water , a clinic and a physics and science lab . ... So ,  he  raised money to bring this project to life . Today , I 'm happy to tell you that we have over 200 lamps made by the kids themselves with the help of Evans and his team , and we distributed the lamps to the kids who are taking their examinations . For the family ,  this  cuts the costs . And for the children , it 's helping them to study . And during this examination time ... I 'm sure we 're going to see better results , so we 're very thankful to Evans . CNN : How did your students respond to him ? Da Silva : Evans brought a lot more than just those lamps to our students . ... He 's a young African guy , and they 're young African students , so ... he 's motivated our kids to be inventors . They 've come up with their own little models that work just like Evans ' lamps . ... He really gave them confidence that they , too , can make something that can help people and change people 's lives . This summer , the kids will be making their own designs and  giving  a lamp and a book out in the villages and to schools . This will be our first outreach program ... teaching our kids to give back . CNN : Are you surprised that two of your fellow honorees have been able to help you ? Da Silva : CNN Heroes coming together to work together is something that I do n't see as that unusual . All of us  are  doing something that is helping others , so when we hear each other 's stories , we just want to see if we can help . It 's a family , you know ? You want to help your family . I love it , and it makes a huge difference .	Three CNN Heroes are working together to help AIDS orphans in Malawi The children attend a school run by 2008 CNN Hero Marie Da Silva Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow , a 2010 CNN Hero , is helping feed the students Fellow 2010 Hero Evans Wadongo is providing lanterns so they can study at night
CNN  -- A Chinese journalist jailed for eight years for leaking government restrictions on reporting is now free . Shi Tao 's early release was announced by the writers ' organization PEN International on Saturday -- 15 months before he was scheduled to be freed . Shi is a member of Independent Chinese PEN Center , which advocates for freedom of speech . Shi made headlines in 2004 when he sent the media restrictions to a human rights group -- an act that China said amounted to "  leaking state secrets , " PEN said . What 's more , Internet giant Yahoo played a part in his conviction . In a widely criticized move , Yahoo handed over Shi 's e-mail account information , which the Chinese government used in the case against Shi , according to court documents . The reporting restrictions were over the coverage of the 15th anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre , in which hundreds of pro-democracy protesters were killed in a government crackdown . Chinese soldiers followed orders to open fire on unnarmed civilians . Official Chinese government figures said the death toll was 241 , including soldiers , with 7,000 injured . Rights groups have said the number of dead was likely in the thousands . Early release Shi was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2005 . It 's not clear why he was let go early . The U.S. Congress led a probe into the case after his conviction . Yahoo lawyers defended the move to hand over information , saying not doing so would have jeopardized the company 's own employees . "  I can not ask our local employees  in China  to resist lawful demands and put their own freedom at risk , even if , in my personal view , the local laws are overboard , " attorney Michael Callahan said in 2007 . Yahoo settled with Shi 's family for an undisclosed amount . But the late Rep. Tom Lantos had harsh words for the company . "  It took a tongue-lashing from Congress before these high-tech titans did the right thing and coughed up some concrete assistance for the family of a journalist whom Yahoo had helped send to jail , " Lantos said at the time . Lingering questions Shi was apparently released on August 23 , but Marian Botsford Fraser , who heads up the Writers in Prison Committee for PEN , says her organization just learned of it . Botsford Fraser said Shi has n't communicated directly with PEN but he has spoken with a affiliated group in China . Botsford Fraser said Shi is currently living with his mother and is in good spirits . But , she added , he has no desire to speak publicly . Botsford Fraser emphasized that while her organization welcomes Shi 's early release , it has many unanswered questions . PEN can only speculate , Botsford Fraser said , as to the timing and rationale of his release . Also unknown is why Shi recently began to receive better treatment in prison . Of late , authorities even allowed Shi to write , Botsford Fraser said . In October 2010 , when he learned that Liu Xiaobo , a Chinese dissident , received a Nobel Peace Prize , he composed a poem which read in part : "  October Comes from afar , but not to end October Will become a festival for all the unfortunates and their friends . " Shi 's release was not covered by Chinese state media . CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	Shi Tao was sentenced to 10 years for leaking government restrictions on reporting The restrictions were over the 15th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre Yahoo was criticized for giving China information about Shi that was used in his conviction A Yahoo attorney has said its employees in China were abiding by the law
CNN  -- The National Football League has sent a memo to all 32 of its teams , reminding players and league employees that female reporters should be treated professionally and with respect . The note comes on the heels of news that the New York Jets team is investigating allegations of harassment by team members toward television sports reporter Ines Sainz . The memo cites the NFL 's Media Relations Playbook , which states that "  by law , women must be granted the same rights to perform their jobs as men . Please remember that women reporters are professionals and should be treated as such . " Among other things , the playbook stresses that "  it is important to you and this organization that you present yourself to the media in a manner and style in which you yourself would like to be received and treated . " The memo also notes that "  barring individual members of the regularly accredited media ... for what is perceived as ` unfair coverage ' or any similar reason is not permitted . " It is still unclear what exactly happened when Sainz , from the Mexican network TV Azteca , entered the Jets locker room last Saturday after practice but Sainz told CNN 's Rick Sanchez on Monday that from the moment she entered , she felt all eyes were on her . "  I feel -LSB- a -RSB- little uncomfortable because evidently it is not easy to be in the locker room and hear and notice that everybody is speaking about you , " Sainz said . CNN was not able to contact anyone else in the locker room at the time but Sainz said that a female colleague took her aside and expressed concern and embarrassment for the situation she was in . But Sainz said she was just trying to focus on her job , and not the joking and talking going on behind her . "  But I really know that she heard something that I did n't hear , and the rest of the media that was inside heard things that I did n't hear , " Sainz told CNN . The Association of Women in Sports and Media spoke out Monday on Sainz ' behalf , calling for a sharp rebuke . "  If Jets players , coaches and staff allegedly involved in the incident are found to have acted in unprofessional and harassing behavior toward Ms. Sainz , we expect and demand reprimand and punishment by the NFL and Jets , " the association said in a statement . The Jets released a statement on Sunday saying , "  We will continue to work with the league to gather the facts and take any appropriate steps necessary to maintain a respectful environment for the media . " Sainz confirmed in her interview on CNN 's "  Rick 's List " that Jets team owner Woody Johnson called her personally to stress that all Jets members are expected to act professionally and to extend courtesy to members of media regardless of gender . Sainz told CNN that she accepted the apology from Johnson and that she also made a statement to the NFL about the incident . Although Sainz at first seemed surprised by the attention she was garnering , she told CNN that she does not believe this type of behavior is acceptable . "  I think that it 's not good that these kinds of things happen and it must n't happen anymore , " Sainz told CNN . "  Everyone knows that a woman or a man deserves the same treatment in the locker room . " CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	The NFL is reminding players and other league employees that women journalists should be treated with respect The reminder comes in the wake of allegations that sports reporter Ines Sainz was harassed The NFL is also warning players that women reporters must be granted the same access as men Sainz received an apology from the Jets owner after an incident last Saturday
CNN  -- Kevin Pearce One of the country 's top snowboarders , who was considered a favorite to make the U.S. Olympic team , was in critical but stable condition Sunday after an accident while training last week at Park City , Utah . The Los Angeles Times reports that the 22-year-old from Norwich , Vermont , was wearing a helmet while attempting a twisting double back flip on an icy halfpipe . Pearce hit his head , was knocked unconscious and was then airlifted to the University of Utah hospital for surgery . He sustained severe traumatic brain injury , one of his doctors said in a statement . Pearce , a beloved athlete , was one of the few snowboarders who experts thought could challenge top contender Shaun White , who has won almost every top snowboarding medal . Los Angeles Times : Snowboarder in critical condition Adrian Smith One of the world 's most widely recognized architects is one of the principal designers of the world 's tallest tower , the Burj Dubai , which opens today in the emirate of Dubai . The 160-plus-story structure has already been hailed as a monumental architectural achievement but is seen by some as a symbol of the city 's unbridled excess . The majestic silvery construction houses a luxury hotel , apartments and offices . Six years in the making , the Burj Dubai reaches 818 meters , or half a mile , into the sky above Dubai , with dizzying views of the ambitious building program that has transformed the emirate and left it swamped by debt . Smith worked for four decades at the structure 's architecture firm , Chicago , Illinois-based Skidmore , Owings & Merrill , which called the Burj "  a bold global icon that will serve as a model for future urban centers . " Declaring that "  tall buildings are back , " the company predicts that the groundbreaking techniques it used to push the Burj to new heights should enable the construction of even taller towers in the future . CNN : Debt-hit Dubai opens world 's tallest tower Kurt Westergaard The Danish political cartoonist was threatened by a Somali man wielding an ax and knife . According to Westergaard , the man tried to enter the house by breaking through a glass door Friday night . Westergaard took his 5-year-old granddaughter into a specially built "  panic room " when he realized what was happening , Chief Superintendent Ole Madsen said . Police said a home alarm alerted them to the scene in the city of Aarhus , and they were attacked by the suspect when they responded . Police shot the suspect and he was taken into custody . Westergaard , who has been threatened for drawing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 , is ordinarily accompanied by bodyguards , but there were no guards at the house when the break-in occurred . The New York Times quoted a Danish newspaper report that Denmark 's security and intelligence agency knew that the accused Somali man was held in Kenya in September for allegedly helping to plot an attack against Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who visited Kenya in August . The man was released earlier this fall by Kenyan authorities due to lack of evidence , the newspaper Politiken reported . Denmark 's ambassador to Kenya told the news agency Ritzau , however , that the Somali man was arrested in Kenya for incomplete travel documents , adding that Kenyan authorities never told the embassy that he was a suspect in a terror plot . CNN : Cartoonist hid in ` panic room ' during attack Annise Parker Houston 's first openly gay mayor will be sworn in today . Parker 's election last month also makes her the second woman to become mayor of Houston . Other cities such as Providence , Rhode Island , and Portland , Oregon , have picked openly gay mayors . Houston is the fourth-largest U.S. city . Parker 's victory is also remarkable because a few years ago , Houston rejected a referendum to offer benefits to same-sex partners of city workers . Also , the city sits in a state where gay marriage is against the law . Parker , 53 , has never shied away from , nor made an issue of , her sexual orientation . She has been with her partner for 19 years and they have two adopted children . CNN : Houston elects first openly gay mayor What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Top U.S. snowboarder injured during training World 's tallest tower opens in Dubai Fourth-largest U.S. city swears in its first openly gay mayor
CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , al-Ahram newspaper reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , it said . This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader . This week , state media reported that Morsy and 35 Muslim Brotherhood members will be tried for allegedly collaborating with foreign organizations to commit terrorist acts and revealing defense secrets , according to al-Ahram . Morsy is accused of spying for the Palestinian group Hamas , which the United States classifies as a terrorist organization , and assisting in acts of terror inside Egypt , judicial sources told al-Ahram . He has been in custody since his ouster in July . He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule last year . Morsy has refused to recognize the court .	Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas This is the latest in a series of legal woes for the deposed leader He already faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests last year
Sydney , Australia  CNN  It 's on . And it even has its own twitter hashtag , #itson . After a week of torrid speculation about the future of the Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , a member of his ruling Liberal Party says he will seek a motion on Tuesday to declare the country 's top job vacant . Western Australian lawmaker Luke Simpkins says Australians have stopped listening to Abbott and if no one 's listening , Abbott ca n't lead the party . If Tuesday 's vote is successful , then a call will be made for nominations for the position of prime minister and deputy leader of the Liberal Party . The prime minister however is defiant . In a bombshell announcement , Abbott declared he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , the deputy leader of Abbott 's party , stand united and will urge the party not to declare their positions vacant . Bishop has been widely tipped to be a possible aspirant for the top job . "  We are not the Labor Party , " Abbott told a hastily convened media conference , in a reference to the turmoil between 2010 and 2013 when the then ruling Labor Party ousted two leaders amid unseemly leaks and constant threat of leadership change . "  We are not going to repeat the chaos and the instability of the Labor years , so I have spoken to deputy leader Julie Bishop and we will stand together in urging the partyroom -LSB- party -RSB- to defeat this particular motion and in so doing , and in defeating this motion , to vote in favor of the stability and the team that the people voted for at the election . " Abbott 's insistence that the people elected him has angered some in his party . Under the Westminster system to which Australia adheres , Abbott holds the prime ministership by the vote of his colleagues . And a growing chorus of them has been rattled by what they see as a series of poor decisions , back flipping on policies , broken promises and the government 's failure to sell an austerity budget widely seen as hitting the poorest harder than the wealthy . The bizarre honoring of the Queen 's husband , Prince Philip as a Knight of Australia on Australia Day , the country 's national celebration of its independent identity , was the tipping point . But cabinet ministers have been lining up to publicly support the prime minister over the past week . Those who 've spoken since the leadership challenge was announced , say they will be voting against declaring the top leadership posts vacant . Untested and critical will be the views of the government 's backbench where the parliamentary revolt started . The position of deputy party leader and foreign minister Bishop remains murky . Throughout the week , she has declared her support for Abbott . However , she has n't declared whether she would be a contender for his job if the position were to be declared open . Indeed , even when declaring she would vote against the leadership challenge , she did so on technical grounds . "  I agree with the PM that due to cabinet solidarity and my position as deputy ... There should be support for the current leadership in a spill motion , " she said in a statement . There was speculation during the week that Bishop would stand on a unity ticket with Communications Minister and former opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull . A man with enormous ambition , Turnbull was ousted from the party 's leadership in 2009 . A climate change believer and supporter of same sex marriage , Turnbull is a hugely popular figure in the so-called "  latte sipping " strata of Australian society and in particular amongst voters who traditionally vote for the opposition Australian Labor Party . Whilst Turnbull has said he supports Abbott , he has not ruled out standing for the position in the event of a leadership challenge . Undoubtedly , the phones will be furiously worked over the weekend . Both Turnbull and Bishop will be testing the waters . In the meantime , government members will be weighing whether the effort is worth the risk . Ringing in their ears might be the words of the Trade Minister Andrew Robb . "  I think it 's totally unnecessary and it will make us look like a bit of a circus frankly , " he said . Since federation , Australia has experienced six party room coups that have toppled the prime minister . If Abbott 's head rolls , he will have been in power for the shortest period of them all .	Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott faces a leadership challenge A member of his ruling party says he will seek on Tuesday to declare vacant the country 's top job Abbott says he and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop stand united
CNN  -- It 's one of the great ironies in all of sports : Pro baseball 's career hitting leader is not in baseball 's Hall of Fame . As long as Pete Rose is banned from baseball , he will be banned from any Hall of Fame ballot . On Monday , 20 years to the day Pete Rose signed an agreement with Major League Baseball banning him from the sport , he is no closer to being reinstated . In that agreement , Rose , accused of betting on MLB games while he managed the Cincinnati Reds , was "  declared permanently ineligible in accordance with Major League Rule 21 . " Rose did n't publicly admit the betting until this decade . Baseball 's history , Rose 's lying about his gambling and his brash nature in handling the manner have all painted him into this corner , with no apparent way out . "  Nobody who has ever been thrown out of baseball has ever been reinstated . An owner of Philadelphia bet on baseball , the 1919 White Sox , you name it . No matter if it 's a third-base coach or an all-star , Hall of Fame-type player , " said Faye Vincent , who was MLB deputy commissioner at the time baseball investigated Rose for betting on his team . Vincent , who talked to CNN.com from his summer home in Williamstown , Massachusetts , wrote the agreement in 1989 . It was signed by then-MLB Commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti , Rose and his attorneys , and Vincent . "  I think the door is closed . There is no possible way they can retract what was done , " said Furman Bisher , longtime columnist for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and a voting member of the Hall of Fame 's Pre-1943 Veterans Committee . "  Every club has it as you walk into their clubhouse in big letters : No gambling . "  I think Bart Giamatti handled it beautifully . He was banned for life , and that should be the last line of his career . " Last month , it took one comment about baseball 's hit king from baseball 's former home run king to reignite the controversy . "  I would certainly like to see him in , " Hank Aaron told reporters at baseball 's Hall of Fame festivities . "  He belongs in , really . " At first , many observers thought those remarks were a big move in favor of Rose , as Aaron is a longtime friend of MLB Commissioner Bud Selig . Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Feller later told the San Francisco Chronicle , "  I heard what Hank Aaron said about it , and that 's a cockamamie idea . I had dinner with the commissioner Sunday , and he did n't like it . " Bisher , who has covered Aaron his whole career , said he "  could n't believe Aaron said it . " "  Sometimes Henry wants to be likable and is kind to some people , " Bisher said . This weekend , another friend , Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt , went to Rose 's defense , in a column he wrote for The Associated Press . "  Is this the way Bart Giamatti would have wanted it 20 years later ? " Schmidt asked . Schmidt maintains Giamatti was the only man who could broker Rose back into the sport 's good graces : "  Giamatti was a compassionate man who would have eventually met with him , laid out a lifestyle plan that Pete would follow , and today he 'd be a forgiven member of baseball 's family . " Schmidt points to baseball 's current steroids scandal as another reason for Rose 's ban to be lifted . "  Which is worse ? Does the penalty fit the crime ? " Schmidt wrote . A USA Today/Gallup poll released this week showed that 75 percent of more than 1,000 Americans surveyed think that player use of performance-enhancing drugs is more serious than Rose 's offense . The same poll showed that support for Rose 's Hall of Fame eligibility has not changed in 20 years -- 60 percent favor it ; 35 percent are opposed . Giamatti 's successor , Vincent , said Rose prevented himself from ever getting considered for a possible return to baseball . "  He and his lawyers said all kinds of things about Bart Giamatti , claiming Bart was biased and all , " Vincent said . "  The proper course for Pete would be to say then , ` I 'm sorry , I want to help you , I want to help baseball . ' But he never did that , of course . "  Bart and I told him about reconfiguring his life , and that 's the sad part . He was very defiant then , and he made it more difficult for himself . " Giamatti died eight days after banishing Rose . Vincent took over as commissioner , and he said he never saw any signs of change or remorse from Rose . "  I understood very quickly Rose had no intention of making changes , " Vincent said . "  He never acknowledged he had a gambling problem . I do n't think to this day he ever recognized he had a problem . " Rose made matters worse as the years went on . On the weekend of baseball Hall of Fame inductions in Cooperstown , New York , he often held autograph sessions at a nearby bookstore , rankling the Hall of Famers who played before Rose . From the time of the ban until 2004 , he publicly insisted he did n't bet on baseball . When he did admit to betting on baseball in his 2004 book , he was back in Cooperstown on the weekend of inductions , signing copies . "  If you talk to some of the Hall of Famers , like Bob Feller and others , they would never go for that . Bob Feller has said to me before , ` If Pete Rose is allowed in the Hall of Fame , I 'll never come back , ' " Vincent said . Rose and attorneys who once represented him did not return calls and e-mails for comment . He makes a living making public appearances and signing autographs , through his Web site and at one of the shopping malls at Caesar 's Palace in Las Vegas , Nevada . He has a message for his fans on his Web site : "  I begrudgingly do not have any positive new updates as it relates to my quest for official re-instatement back into Major League Baseball . " Schmidt is one of the few Rose supporters who will publicly say baseball should lift the ban . Rose 's ex-teammates Tony Perez and Joe Morgan did not return calls and e-mails . Like Aaron , both are on the Hall of Fame 's Veterans Committee . So are Don Sutton , Phil Niekro and Tony Gwynn , who would not comment on Rose 's status . "  Some other players like Mike Schmidt , from time to time , come out and comment that it is time for Pete Rose to be reinstated , " Vincent said . "  But when you talk to players , they seldom see the universe the way a commissioner sees it . For every player that thinks Rose should be reinstated , there are 10 that do n't . " Aaron 's and Schmidt 's comments may be the last talk of Rose entering the Hall of Fame anytime soon , especially during the reign of Selig , who has a contract as commissioner through 2012 . When contacted , a spokesman for Selig said , "  The commissioner stands by his comments to reporters he made during -LSB- last month 's -RSB- Hall of Fame weekend , as judge and jury on this . " Selig said then , "  I would remind you that Pete Rose admitted to gambling on baseball and agreed to a lifetime ban . " He added the case is always under review , but nothing has changed . Rose does have hometown support . In a recent unscientific sampling of readers ' views on The Cincinnati Enquirer 's Web site that included 5,000 responses , 89 percent said Rose should be allowed in the Hall of Fame . This weekend , for the second time in the past month , an Enquirer columnist wrote that it is time to forgive Rose . "  He has his fans in Cincinnati , no doubt ; he has people who want to forgive him , " said Bisher , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution columnist . "  But if you robbed a bank , you still robbed a bank . It 's done , and nothing you do can change that . " Vincent recalled a conversation he had with Hall of Famer Tom Seaver . "  Tom Seaver once asked me , ` If I 'm a Hall of Famer , and I bet on baseball , do I get the same treatment ? ' I said , ` Yes . ' Tom said , ' I get it . If you did n't do that , we would all bet on baseball . ' " And the Dowd Report , baseball 's 225-page account of the investigation of Rose 's gambling activities -- including bank and telephone records , Rose 's betting slips and witness testimony -- has stood the test of time . "  Not a single fact has ever been challenged , " Vincent said . "  The case was so overwhelming , and it had so much . Some people tried to write books on it and could n't because it did n't miss a thing . " Rose is n't entirely missing from the Hall of Fame . His hitting accomplishments and some artifacts are a part of the sport 's timeline there , but so is his lifetime suspension . "  Many artifacts donated by him are on display , " said Brad Horn , National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum 's senior director for communications and education . "  As a history museum that tracks the game 's greatest moments , Pete is noted several times in the museum 's timeline ... but as a history museum , we do have the responsibility to tell the history of baseball . We do say Pete was banned from baseball for gambling in that timeline . " Rose holds 19 MLB records , including most career hits , 4,256 . He is the only player in MLB history to play more than 500 games at five different positions , and he played in more wins than any player in history . One of the roads buffering the Great American Ballpark , the current home of the Reds , is Pete Rose 's Way , and it was there back when he was playing near the same site , at Riverfront Stadium . But he is n't going to get his way on the Hall of Fame anytime soon and may never find the road leading there .	Pete Rose signed agreement with Major League Baseball banning him 20 years ago Rose accused of betting on games while managing the Cincinnati Reds Baseball 's hit king did n't publicly admit the betting until 2004 Sports columnist : "  There is no possible way they can retract what was done "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama says Americans should "  go to the movies " without fear , despite hackers ' threats against venues that show a controversial film that Sony has now decided to pull . Sony announced Wednesday that it wo n't release the film -- a comedy called "  The Interview " that portrays an attempt to assassinate North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un -- following hackers ' threats to attack movie theaters that show it . Opinion : North Korea wins ? But Obama suggested in an interview with ABC News that the threats are n't credible . "  Well , the cyber-attack is very serious . We 're investigating , we 're taking it seriously , " Obama said in the interview . "  We 'll be vigilant , if we see something that we think is serious and credible , then we 'll alert the public . But for now , my recommendation would be that people go to the movies . " U.S. law enforcement officials have linked the hackers who pillaged Sony 's internal documents , emails and unreleased films to North Korea , first reported by CNN . A senior U.S. official confirmed to CNN that Obama has been briefed on the Sony hack and the threats against movie theaters that show the movie , and confirmed that the United States believes North Korea is likely behind the attack . "  This has been malicious in nature , " the official said . Sony downplays digital ` Interview ' possibility	President Barack Obama tells Americans to go to the movies despite hacking threats U.S. law enforcement officials have linked hackers behind Sony leaks to North Korea
CNN  -- Ca n't wait for the royal wedding ? Here 's your essential guide to Prince William and Kate Middleton 's big day . The couple may be keeping many details under wraps for now , but if it 's out there and it 's official , we 'll post it here to keep you in the know . The couple Prince William , second in line to the British throne , elder son of heir to the throne , Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales , will marry Kate Middleton , daughter of Michael and Carole Middleton . Inside William and Kate 's St Andrews The couple met while studying at St Andrews University in Scotland . Prince William proposed in October 2010 in Kenya , with his mother 's diamond and sapphire engagement ring . Friends open up about Kate Middleton The ceremony The ceremony will take place at 11 a.m. on April 29 2011 at Westminster Abbey in London , England . It takes place at the following times around the world : 3 a.m. in Los Angeles 6 a.m. in New York 12 noon in Paris 2 p.m. in Abu Dhabi 6 p.m. in Hong Kong 8 p.m. in Sydney Unveiled blog : The latest on the ceremony The ceremony will probably last around an hour . Getting to the church The bride-to-be will travel to Westminster Abbey by car , rather than horse-drawn carriage as Diana , Princess of Wales did on her wedding day 30 years ago . Kate to ride to Abbey in Rolls Royce It 's likely Kate will leave from one of the London palaces or possibly an exclusive London hotel , while Prince William will start off from Clarence House , Prince William 's official residence , though these details are yet to be confirmed by the Prince 's office . The venue Westminster Abbey is over 700 years old and holds 2,200 people . It 's been the site of coronations since William I 's in 1066 . Westminster Abbey : In-depth profile Many royal weddings have taken place here , including current queen , Elizabeth II 's to Prince Philip in 1947 . The Abbey is considered a more modest , but fittingly grand , alternative to the larger St Paul 's Cathedral . Key players The Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , will marry the couple . The Dean of Westminster will conduct the service . The Bishop of London , Richard Chartres , will give the address . He is a family friend of the Windsors and spoke at Diana , Princess of Wales 's memorial in 2007 . William has chosen his younger brother , Prince Harry , third in line to the throne , as best man . Kate 's sister Philippa , often known as Pippa , will be her maid of honor . There will be four younger bridesmaids and two younger page boys , including two of William 's godchildren . Who are the bridesmaids and page boys ? The music Two choirs , one orchestra , a fanfare team and trumpeters will play at the wedding : - The Choir of Westminster Abbey , formed of 20 boys and 12 professional singers . The Abbey 's sub-organist will play the organ . - The Chapel Royal Choir , formed of 10 boys and six professional singers . - The London Chamber Orchestra , the longest established professional chamber orchestra in the UK . Its 39 members will play from the organ loft in the Abbey . - The Fanfare Team from the Central Band of the Royal Air Force , which consists of seven players and their conductor . - The State Trumpeters of The Household Cavalry , eight trumpeters drawn from the Band of the Life Guards and the Band of the Blues and Royals . The guests Around 1,900 people have been invited to the main ceremony at Westminster Abbey , mainly made up of the couple 's friends and family . The other guests will be members of foreign royal families , heads of state , members of the army , navy and air force and around 80 regular joes from the charities Prince William supports . Check out the guest list ! Six hundred people have been invited to a lunchtime reception at Buckingham Palace hosted by The Queen . Just three hundred people have been asked to an exclusive dinner in the evening thrown by Charles , Prince of Wales . Wedding invitations stamped and sent The Swedish royal family has confirmed . The Japanese royal family has pulled out due to the devastating events in Japan . Bahraini crown prince to skip royal wedding The biggest snub so far is for Sarah Ferguson , ex-wife of Andrew , Duke of York , who has not been invited . Royal procession After the ceremony , the newlyweds will travel back to Buckingham Palace in a horse-drawn five-carriage procession , along a set route lined by fans and well-wishers . The route takes in some of London 's most historic places : Parliament Square , Whitehall , Horse Guards Parade and The Mall . Royal route : Interactive map William and Kate will likely use the 1902 State Landau , which Prince Charles and his first wife , the late Diana , Princess of Wales also used at their wedding . If it 's raining , the newlyweds will revert to the Glass Coach , which has a roof . The white-looking Windsor Greys , which are usually reserved for the Queen , will pull the newlyweds . Full details on the carriages The reception William 's grandmother , Queen Elizabeth , will host a reception at Buckingham Palace for the couple 's friends and family . Chefs prepare 10,000 canapes It 's traditional for the couple to make a public appearance on the balcony at Buckingham Palace before joining the reception . The whole world will be hoping for a romantic kiss from the newlyweds . Prince William chooses cake made from cookies ! Later on , William 's father , Prince Charles , will host a dinner for close friends and family at Buckingham Palace . Wedding gifts The couple have asked that members of the public who would like to give them a gift instead donate to charity . They have set up a dedicated website where donations can be made . Charities from Canada , the UK and Australia will benefit and include Oily Cart , New Zealand Government Christchurch Earthquake Appeal and Earthwatch . The honeymoon Clarence House has n't yet disclosed where the couple will honeymoon . Once back , they will live on Anglesey , Wales , where Prince William works as a Royal Air Force search and rescue helicopter pilot . What 's next The couple will go , on their first official trip , to Canada in June and visit Alberta , the Northwest Territories , Prince Edward Island , Quebec and the National Capital Region .	Royal Wedding explainer : The essentials for Kate Middleton and Prince William 's nuptials Everything from ceremony times around the world to a who 's who of the wedding party Need-to-know guide regularly updated with the latest news from the royal family
CNN  -- A Michigan man and woman were convicted Thursday of trying to extort $ 680,000 from "  Full House " actor John Stamos by threatening to sell compromising photos that prosecutors say were never found . Scott Edward Sippola , 31 , and Allison Lenore Coss , 24 , could face up to nine years in prison for convictions of conspiracy and interstate communications to extort money , said assistant U.S. Attorney Maarten Vermaat . Sentencing is set for October 8 . "  The case was made by the fact that these defendants made threats to damage his -LSB- Stamos ' -RSB- reputation in order to have him pay them , " Vermaat said after the verdict in Marquette , Michigan . Jurors deliberated for about five hours Thursday . According to CNN affiliate WLUC , prosecutors said that Coss and Sippola demanded $ 680,000 from the television actor or they would sell embarrassing pictures to tabloid publications of Stamos allegedly using drugs . Vermaat said the defendants sent about 40 e-mails to Stamos threatening to sell the photos . FBI agents got involved and started monitoring Stamos ' e-mail account and "  eventually communicated by cellular telephone with the defendants pretending to be Mr. Stamos ' business manager . " Sippola and Coss were arrested in December 2009 at an airport , a pre-arranged drop off spot for the money . Defense attorney Sarah Henderson alleged at trial that Stamos had a fling with Coss when she was a 17-year-old vacationing on spring break in 2004 . Prosecutors said Stamos met Coss during a trip to Disney World in Orlando , Florida . They developed a friendship and the two communicated by e-mail occasionally until November 2009 , when the actor turned the photos matter over to the FBI . According to WLUC , Coss testified there were several photos depicting Stamos using cocaine . She claimed the actor seemed interested in buying the photos . The actor testified that nothing inappropriate happened at a 2004 spring-break party and , accordingly , he did n't believe compromising photos existed . Stamos said Thursday he wants to get back to work . "  I would like to thank the court , the FBI and the U.S . Attorney 's office for their swift and efficient dealings in connection with this case , " Stamos said in a statement Thursday afternoon . "  I am shocked and perplexed how individuals could fabricate so many false stories in an effort to defend a crime . I agreed to be a witness for a federal criminal prosecution and endured countless false accusations about my behavior and appropriateness . The allegations made regarding an inappropriate relationship are completely untrue . These slanderous allegations to smear my reputation were part of their defense to redirect attention away from the federal crime of extortion . There was no hot tub , no drugs , no nudity and nothing sexual in nature involved in my friendship with this woman . They lied about everything from a pregnancy to compromising photos . " A call by CNN to defense attorney Sarah Henderson was not immediately returned .	Michigan woman , man convicted of trying to extort money from actor John Stamos Defendants accused of threatening to sell what they said were compromising photos Prosecutors say the compromising photos were never found
CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton acknowledges he got "  very close " to helping achieve peace in the Middle East shortly before ending his eight years in office . Over a two-week period in 2000 , Clinton played host at Camp David to then-Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat . The summit ultimately ended without agreement . Two U.S. presidents later , the conflict rages on . Now , Clinton is less optimistic Middle East negotiators will get that close again , telling CNN 's Anna Coren that peace between Israel and the Palestinians is impossible until Hamas renounces violence . "  There is no way the Israelis are going to give up the West Bank and agree to a state unless Hamas agrees to give up violence and recognizes Israel 's right to exist , " he said in the interview airing Monday on "  New Day . " "  They wo n't do it so that 's a non-starter and I think it should be . You ca n't just have a one-way peace . Both sides have got to give up what the other side most objects to . " There 's still hope for peace in the Middle East Israeli-Palestinian relations are at a low point . Israeli military forces began a ground offensive into Gaza on Thursday , inflicting heavy casualties . More than 400 Palestinians have been killed since the latest outbreak of violence . At least 13 Israeli soldiers were killed in fighting in Gaza on Sunday , the Israeli military said . Nevertheless , Clinton said he 's not giving up hope for peace in the region . "  We dance around the bush so many times and sooner or later someone will jump off the merry go round and do the right thing , " he said . "  We got very close in 2000 . " Clinton was interviewed by Coren during stops on the former President 's eight-day tour of Southeast Asia , which included a visit to an AIDS orphanage in Vietnam ahead of the International AIDS Conference in Melbourne . The conference opened Sunday on a somber note -- at least six delegates traveling to the event were killed Thursday when Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 exploded over eastern Ukraine . Clinton is scheduled to give a keynote address at the conference on Wednesday . "  They 're really , in a way , martyrs to the cause we are going to Australia to talk about , " Clinton said of the researchers who died when unknown attackers shot their plane down over a rebel-controlled area of eastern Ukraine . "  Thinking about those people being knocked out of the sky , it 's pretty tough . " On the crash of the Boeing 777 itself , Clinton was careful not to draw immediate conclusions on who was responsible for the downing of the jet , which he called "  sickening . " "  We need to wait to make any definitive statements until we know exactly what happened , but it was sickening and I hope they will know and I hope they will know soon , " he said . Since leaving office , Clinton started the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative  now called the Clinton Health Access Initiative  in an effort to get treatment to HIV/AIDS patients in the developing world . The initiative has brought access to HIV/AIDS treatment to 8.2 million people since it was founded in 2002 , according to the Clinton Foundation . "  I like it because it 's personal flesh and blood , " he says of his second career in public service through his foundation . "  You 're not just talking in abstract policy terms . You actually see the lives of people change . ... I loved my life in politics . I loved it . But the difference now is I can see the personal human implications of the decisions we are making and I can work on , you know , how do we get the right policy ? How do we make it work ? And then you see the results . " Clinton touched on a number of other issues in the wide-ranging interview , among them : Aid for migrant children a good step President Barack Obama 's pitch to Congress for billions of dollars to handle the cases of tens of thousands of children from Central America who are illegally crossing the border is a step in the right direction , Clinton said . "  I hope that he will get this money he has asked for , because some of these kids may be eligible to stay under our laws because of the circumstances they face back home , " Clinton said . "  And we do n't want to deny the ones who are eligible the right to stay even as we send the other ones back . " Since October , officials say more than 57,500 unaccompanied minors have been apprehended at the southwest U.S. border . The Obama administration has labeled the situation a humanitarian crisis , and has asked for emergency funding to deal with it . "  The system he has proposed to put in place , if he gets the money for it , will give all the ones who are n't immediately sent back ... quicker hearings , so if they are entitled to stay , they can stay , " Clinton said . Ukraine wants independence , not war with Russia "  The Ukrainians do n't really want a hostile relationship with Russia . ... What they want is to be independent , " Clinton said of the political conflict between Ukraine and Russia . Tensions have been high between Ukraine and Russia since street protests forced former pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February . Russia subsequently annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , and a pro-Russian separatist rebellion has been raging in Ukraine 's eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Ukraine wants "  to be a bridge to Europe , between Europe and Russia . And if done properly it would be good for Ukraine but also be very good for Russia and good for Europe . So we have a clash there about what the 21st Century ought to be like . Is it important for all of us to divide up and hide behind our walls ? Or can we find a way to work together ? " U.S. should help Iraq , which needs to help itself "  I would n't rule out the United States doing more in Iraq if the Iraqis do what 's necessary to help themselves , " Clinton said of the worsening humanitarian situation in the country . The violent militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has taken over large swaths of land in Iraq and aims to establish a hardline Islamic state . At least 2,400 Iraqis died in violence in June , according to the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq . Of those , the United Nations said more than 1,500 were civilians . "  We have got to be helping an entity committed to inclusive government for the next 20 or 30 years -- people who do n't want the forces of destruction to prevail are going to have to prove they can do inclusive government and inclusive economics , " Clinton said . Settle China 's territorial claims internationally China 's territorial claims over nearby bodies of water have caused tensions to escalate with neighboring countries . Conflict between Vietnam and China flared in May when a Chinese oil corporation moved a drilling rig to an area claimed by both countries in the South China Sea . And last November , China declared an air defense identification zone over the East China Sea , imposing air traffic restrictions over an area disputed with Japan . China 's moves have made other Asian countries nervous over its expanding military and more assertive foreign policy . And Clinton says the United States has a different take than China on how to solve the disputes . "  One of the big differences is the United States believes that we should have these issues involving natural resource claims in the south and east China seas resolved in a multinational forum where the small countries are not disadvantaged by being smaller than China , " Clinton said . "  And the Chinese believe that all these things should be subject to what they call bilateral resolution , where the small countries believe they would n't have a chance trying to negotiate against China , just one country against the Chinese . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Holly Yan contributed to this report . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	"  It was sickening , " ex-President tells CNN 's Anna Coren of the MH17 crash in Ukraine Clinton calls AIDS activists killed in the crash "  martyrs to the cause " He thinks Ukraine wants to be "  a bridge " between Europe and Russia
CNN  -- China plans to make "  every effort to rescue " a merchant ship and crew hijacked in the Indian Ocean , the country 's state news agency reported on Tuesday . The Chinese-owned bulk carrier De Xin Hai was hijacked on October 19 with 25 crew members on board . Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu , speaking to reporters , said the government was monitoring developments and has developed an emergency response procedure , the news agency Xinhua reported . Monday 's hijacking is the first of a Chinese ship this year , according to the International Chamber of Commerce 's International Maritime Bureau . Ma said the ministry warned ships and citizens to avoid traveling along waters where the incident occurred , an area not far from the Somalia coast where pirates have seized many vessels . See a live map of hijackings in 2009 "  We will watch closely developments in the incident and make every effort to rescue the hijacked crew and carrier , " Ma said . There are 25 crew members aboard and they are all Chinese nationals . A European Union official Monday incorrectly said the total of crew members was 146 . The bulk carrier De Xin Hai was hijacked Monday about 550 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles and 700 nautical miles off Somalia 's eastern coast . The European Union Naval Force said Tuesday the ship was 650 nautical miles off the coast of Somalia and appears to be headed toward there . See where the ship was hijacked " John Harbour , a commander with the British Royal Navy who serves with the EU Naval Force , said the UK Maritime Trade Organization in Bahrain called the ship but received no response . An EU force aircraft is monitoring the ship and reported seeing four pirates on deck . The De Xin Hai is owned by the Chinese Ocean Shipping Company and was carrying coal from South Africa to India , Harbour said . Xinhua reported that the total capacity of the ship is 40,892 tons , and that the vessel is 225 meters  246 yards  long . It said that the last time the ship sent a communication was at 4:35 a.m. EDT Monday  4:35 p.m. Beijing time  . The ship was dragging two skiffs behind it , much like the kind of skiffs that pirates have been known to use to hijack ships in the waters off Somalia . So far in 2009 , 14 ships have been hijacked in the ocean off Somalia 's coast , and 33 have been hijacked in the Gulf of Aden , the body of water that lies between Yemen and Somalia , the International Maritime Bureau said . Most of Somalia 's coastline is on the Indian Ocean . At present , the bureau knows of four ships that are being held . CNN 's Olivia Sterns contributed to this report .	China monitoring developments , planning next move after ship hijacking Bulk carrier De Xin Hai hijacked 550 nautical miles northeast of Seychelles There are 25 crew members on board the ship , are all Chinese nationals EU force aircraft monitoring the ship reported seeing four pirates on deck
A well known leader of an anti-government "  sovereign citizens " group was indicted Tuesday in Montgomery , Alabama , for tax crimes , the Justice Department announced . A 10-count indictment charges James Timothy Turner with conspiracy to defraud the United States , attempting to pay taxes with fictitious financial instruments , attempting to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service , failure to file federal tax returns and giving false testimony in a bankruptcy proceeding . The government says Turner , the self-proclaimed president of a sovereign-citizens group called Republic for the united States of America , was arrested Tuesday and had a brief court appearance . Turner will remain in jail pending a Monday detention hearing , according to a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Middle District of Alabama . According to the indictment , Turner allegedly tried to pay his 2008 taxes with a $ 300 million fake bond and assisted others trying to pay taxes with up to $ 100 billion dollars in fraudulent bonds . Prosecutors also said Turner gave seminars teaching others how to defraud the IRS and to file retaliatory liens against government officials . Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center said Turner 's sovereign citizens group rejects the authority of the government and its ability to enforce laws and collect taxes . Potok said that in late 2010 the group sent letters to governors in all 50 states calling on them to step down . The taxes charges brought against Turner carry a maximum of 164 years in prison as well as large financial penalties if he is convicted . CNN was not able to identify a lawyer representing Turner .	The defendant heads a group that calls itself the Republic for the united States of America Authorities describe it as a "  soverign citizens " group The group rejects the authority of the government and paying taxes Turner is facing a 10-count indictment for alleged tax crimes
CNN  -- A soldier suspected of fatally shooting 12 and wounding 31 at Fort Hood in Texas on Thursday is not dead as previously reported by the military , the base 's commander said Thursday evening . A civilian officer who was wounded in the incident shot the suspect , who is "  in custody and in stable condition , " Army Lt. Gen. Robert Cone told reporters . "  Preliminary reports indicate there was a single shooter that was shot multiple times at the scene , " Cone said at a news conference . "  However , he was not killed as previously reported . " The suspect , identified as Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood around 1:30 p.m. , Cone said . Three others initially taken into custody for interviews have been released , Cone said . Hasan , 39 , is a graduate of Virginia Tech and a psychiatrist licensed in Virginia who was practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood , according to military and professional records . Previously , he worked at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . A federal official said Hasan is a U.S. citizen of Jordanian descent . Military documents show that Hasan was born in Virginia and was never deployed outside the United States . In a statement released Thursday , Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , said his family is "  filled with grief for the families of today 's victims . " "  Our family loves America . We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy , " the statement said . "  Because this situation is still unfolding , we have nothing else that we are able to share with you at this time . " Hasan was scheduled to be deployed to Iraq "  and appeared to be upset about that , " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , said . "  I think that there is a lot of investigation going on now into his background and what he was doing that was not known before , " Hutchison said . Hutchison said she was told that the soldiers at the readiness facility "  were filling out paper processing to go to Iraq or Afghanistan , " according to CNN affiliate KXAN in Austin , Texas . The readiness center is one of the last stops before soldiers deploy . It is also one of the first places a soldier goes upon returning to the United States . The base reopened Thursday night after being under lockdown for more than five hours . At a news conference earlier in the day , Cone said at least 10 of the dead were soldiers . The shooter had two weapons , both handguns , Cone said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video A witness in a building adjacent to where the shooting happened said soldiers were cutting up their uniforms into homemade bandages as the wounded were brought into the building . "  It was total chaos , " the witness said . Cone said a graduation ceremony was being held in an auditorium just 50 meters from where the shooting took place . "  Thanks to the quick reaction of several soldiers , they were able to close off the doors to that auditorium where there were some 600 people inside , " he said . Peggy McCarty of Missouri told CNN affiliate KSHB that her daughter , Keara Bono , was among Thursday 's wounded . She said she briefly spoke to Bono , who told her she had been shot in her left shoulder but was doing well . "  She 's being deployed to Iraq on December 7 , " McCarty said . "  I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas . She just got there yesterday . " A woman who lives on base , about eight blocks from the shooting , said she and her daughter were at home when her husband called and told them to stay inside . "  And I asked him why , what was going on . He said that there was a shooting , " said the woman , Nicole , who asked that her last name not be used . She said her husband called her back about 20 minutes later and told her to go upstairs , stay away from doors and windows and keep the doors locked . "  It 's just been crazy , " she said . "  Sirens everywhere . " A soldier who asked not to be identified told CNN that an e-mail went out to all base personnel instructing them not to speak to the media . President Obama called the shootings "  tragic " and "  a horrific outburst of violence . " He expressed his condolences for the shooting victims . "  These are men and women who have made the selfless and courageous decision to risk , and at times give , their lives to protect the rest of us on a daily basis , " Obama said . "  It 's difficult enough when we lose these brave Americans in battles overseas . It is horrifying that they should come under fire at an Army base on American soil . " Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple , Texas , posted an online appeal for blood as it began receving victims . "  Due to the recent events on Fort Hood , we are in URGENT need of ALL blood types , " it said . Fort Hood , with about 40,000 troops , is home to the Army 's 1st Cavalry Division and elements of the 4th Infantry Division , as well as the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 13th Corps Support Command . It is located near Killeen , Texas . The headquarters unit and three brigades of the 1st Cavalry are currently deployed in Iraq . At least 25,000 people are at Fort Hood on any given day , an Army spokesman at the Pentagon said . Fort Hood is home to the Warrior Combat Stress Reset Program , which is designed to help soldiers overcome combat stress issues . In June , Fort Hood 's commander , Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch , told CNN that he was trying to ease the kind of stresses soldiers face . He has pushed for soldiers working a day schedule to return home for dinner by 6 p.m. , and required his personal authorization for anyone working weekends . At the time , two soldiers stationed there had committed suicide in 2009 -- a rate well below those of other posts . Nearby Killeen was the scene of one of the most deadly shootings in American history 18 years ago when George Hennard crashed his truck into a Luby 's Cafeteria and began shooting , killing 23 people and wounding 20 . Hennard 's spree lasted 14 minutes . He eventually took his own life .	Suspect in shootings wounded but alive , Army official says Army : Suspect is Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a psychiatrist Senator : Hasan was "  upset " about scheduled deployment to Iraq Shooting happened in building that is one of last stops before soldiers deploy
CNN  -- Israelis woke up on Tuesday to horrifying news : four men , three of them in their 50s , had been slain while they were chanting their morning prayers at a synagogue in the West Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof . The perpetrators were two young Palestinian men from East Jerusalem , who attacked with butcher knives and guns . The extensive media coverage included gruesome images of a synagogue chapel with blood splattered on the walls , pooled and streaked on the floor . And sprawled on those blood-pooled floors were the corpses of gray-haired men covered in their blood-stained prayer shawls , the leather straps of their phylacteries still wound around their lifeless arms . Several public figures , from prominent politicians and commentators to the founder of a volunteer rescue service , said the images reminded them of the Holocaust . The subtext seemed to be that murder was bad enough , but murdering people at prayer was an act of unprecedented barbarity . Unfortunately , though , Tuesday 's horror was not unprecedented . Political violence is a grim fact of life in this part of the world , and it is committed by both Jews and Arabs . In 1994 , for example , a Jewish Israeli man named Baruch Goldstein entered a Hebron mosque armed with a machine gun . He opened fire on a room full of men at prayer , killing 29 of them . In recent months and years , Jewish settlers have vandalized several mosques by setting them alight or tagging them with nationalist slogans in spray paint . Jerusalem has been simmering since June , with one act of horrific political violence followed by another . First three Jewish teenage boys were abducted and killed by Hebron-area men affiliated with Hamas . Then three Israeli Jews were charged with abducting a teenage Palestinian boy from East Jerusalem and killing him by burning him alive in a nearby forest . In response , there were Palestinian street protests , which Israeli paramilitary police answered with tear gas , rubber-coated bullets , beatings and predawn arrests . Then came a series of so-called "  lone wolf " attacks , committed by individual Palestinians who attacked random Israelis by stabbing them or ramming them with vehicles in deliberate hit-and-runs . For weeks , friends who live in neighborhoods abutting East Jerusalem , a primarily Palestinian area , have reported via social media that the sound of gunfire has become a nocturnal experience . One of the many depressing aspects of the endless Jewish-Palestinian conflict is the rush to engage in moral one-upmanship . While it is absolutely undeniable that only one party in this conflict has a powerful army and heavy-hitting diplomatic allies  that would be Israel  , neither side has superior morality or redder blood . Yes , there is context to the violence . But no , it is not the Holocaust , and we must resist the populist politicians and commentators who frame the latest deaths as having been committed in the name of hatred of Jews , rather than as an outrageous act of politically motivated violence . Of course , the fact that this attack has both context and precedent does not make it any less horrifying . But those who ignore the context of this violence are also denying an essential element of this : that Palestinians in East Jerusalem are in a state of despair and hopelessness as a result of Israel 's policies . The reality is that if the Israeli government fails to address legitimate Palestinian grievances while portraying them simply as monsters rather than human beings , the situation in the world 's most contested city will continue to deteriorate .	Tuesday 's horrific attack in Jerusalem not unprecedented , says Lisa Goldman Jerusalem tensions have been simmering since June , Goldman says Rush to engage in moral one-upmanship unhelpful , she says
There has always been a fine line between freedom of speech and the right to practice one 's religion in the way one sees fit . The Founding Fathers struggled over these rights in framing the First Amendment , with Thomas Jefferson calling for "  a wall of separation " between church and state -- a wall that has become mighty thin in recent years . But now , the freedom to practice religion on campuses around the country , including at Bowdoin -- an elite liberal arts college in Maine -- has crashed into anti-discrimination policies , which also have a long and complicated history in this country . The gist of the story is this : The Bowdoin Christian Fellowship , a conservative religious group that has lived quietly on campus for four decades , is being kicked off the official roster of college-backed groups . Their keys to college buildings have already been confiscated , and the administration wo n't recognize them any longer . The problem is that this group , like many groups of its ilk , insist their leaders must adhere to its version of Christian doctrine . This problem is widespread now , playing out across the country , as at Cal State and Vanderbilt , where Christian groups , including , earlier , a Roman Catholic organization at Vanderbilt , have been forced off-campus because they refuse to allow their leadership to be drawn from people who do n't adhere to their essential tenets . Let me put this plainly : Houston , we have a problem ! I 've been a college professor for nearly four decades , and I 've seen problems with the so-called thought police come and go over the years . At the height of the problem in the mid - '80 and '90s , it was imagined by many -- especially those on the right -- that universities had become politically correct to the point where any kind of conservative thought was forbidden . Certainly these were vital years for the advancement of feminist thought in particular , and for the acceptance of gays as full citizens within the academy  full acceptance by the society at large is only now taking hold  . For the most part , I always thought the idea of a liberal thought police was nonsense . I 'm a progressive Christian , and I do n't support any kind of discrimination . Jesus himself certainly demonstrated that one should seek to bring those at the margins of society into the fold . I 'm quite appalled by what is going on at Bowdoin , Cal State , Vanderbilt and elsewhere . Does n't common sense suggest that you should not be the leader of a Christian organization if you do n't adhere to Christian tenets ? Would a university or college really tell the Islamic Society on campus that they ca n't elect only Muslims to leadership positions ? My gut tells me that it 's only sensible to allow religion organizations to elect leaders who adhere to the teachings of the religion that serves as the organizing principle for that group . There is , indeed , a bias against conservative Christians on campuses . And there are some reasons for this , as certain strains of conservative religious practice have been fiercely discriminatory over the past couple of centuries in the United States . There has also been an unfortunate anti-intellectual strain in the more fundamentalist groups of Christians , one that pervades American society as a whole , and creates problems for the practice of science , for instance , when it comes to subjects such as evolution and climate change . It 's no wonder that academic communities tend to resist groups that abhor rational thought . But there is no basic conflict between -- again , for instance -- science and religion , between having a profound spiritual practice and wishing to uphold the highest standards within the academy when it comes to nondiscrimination . Tolerance , in fact , may well be one of the benefits that comes from having both an intellectual and a spiritual life . This means allowing for certain differences of opinion , letting a thousand flowers bloom . For the most part , conservative groups on campuses simply wish to study the Bible together , pray and worship in ways that deepen their own sense of Godliness . These groups welcome nonbelievers . They might even let someone like myself -- a Christian of a different stripe -- sit down and discuss their views . A campus is , or ought to be , a space where contradictory ideas are allowed to flourish , where genuine and deeply respectful debate can occur . I would urge colleges and universities to give these kids their keys back . Let them elect officers in their organization who actually adhere to the ideas promoted by the group . That 's the essence of democracy . As long as these groups do n't practice hatred or discrimination , or try to impose their views on others , let them be . Our intellectual communities flourish when there are all kinds of ideas circulating , even ones we find curious or objectionable .	Jay Parini : Campuses are placing problematic restrictions on evangelical groups He notes that at Bowdoin College , officials want to impose their vision on groups ' leadership He says he is a liberal Christian who opposes discrimination , but this is not sensible Parini : If groups do n't impose their views or discriminate , keep thought police out of it
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Boys may soon be able to get Gardasil , the vaccine given to girls and young women to prevent infection by four types of human papillomavirus . Gardasil , a vaccine against human papillomavirus , would be given to boys exactly as it is to girls . A Food and Drug Administration advisory committee voted Wednesday to recommend that the vaccine be made available to boys and young men aged 9 to 26 for protection against genital warts caused by HPV . The vaccine protects against four types of HPV , and two of those are believed to be responsible for 70 percent of cervical and anal cancers , and HPV-associated penile and throat-and-neck cancers . The other two cause 90 percent of genital warts cases , researchers say . At Wednesday 's advisory committee meeting , pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. , maker of Gardasil , presented data from three clinical trials that the company claims supports broadening the distribution of the vaccine to include males . The trials included more than 5,400 boys and men from six continents and 23 countries . According to Anna Giuliano , an independent scientist at Moffit Cancer Center in Tampa , Florida , and the trials ' principal investigator , "  The data clearly demonstrates that there was a benefit to men in receiving Gardasil . Overall , we saw a 90 percent reduction in disease -- genital warts and pre-cancerous lesions -- caused by HPV in men and an 89 percent reduction in genital warts incidence . "  Essentially , we have a really fantastic opportunity to extend the benefit of the vaccine to men , " Giuliano said . "  This is a sexually transmitted infection ; if we can reduce infection and related diseases in men , we have the potential to have a much broader public health impact by reducing the overall burden of infection and disease in the community at large . " Giuliano said there were no serious adverse events related to the vaccine . There were some minor side effects such as pain at the injection site and low-grade fever . The vaccine would be administered in boys and young men exactly as it 's been given to girls and young women : three doses over a period of six months . Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said the cost will be $ 130 per dose . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about 20 million Americans are infected with HPV . There are 6.2 million new infections each year . The CDC says that at least 50 percent of sexually active men and women get an HPV infection at some time in their life . The American Social Health Association says HPV is the most common sexually transmitted virus and puts that number at 75 percent or more . The CDC says that although HPV is very common in both sexes , most men wo n't develop symptoms or serious health problems , and there is no test to detect the virus in men . The only approved HPV test on the market is for women , for use in cervical-cancer screening . The advisory committee also voted that Cervarix , a new HPV vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline , appeared to be safe and effective for girls and young women 10 to 25 years of age . Cervarix has been approved in Europe . "  This is an important step in cancer prevention for the millions of girls and young women at risk for cervical cancer , " said Barbara Howe , vice president and director of North American vaccine development for GlaxoSmithKline . "  If approved , Cervarix will provide protection against cervical cancer , a devastating disease that is responsible for thousands of deaths in U.S. women each year . " Still , the panel recommended that Glaxo do more studies that would monitor miscarriages and other problems reported by patients . In a final review , both applications will be considered by the FDA , which usually -- but not always -- follows the recommendations of its advisory committees .	Committee says shots could prevent genital warts in males 9 to 26 Vaccine 's maker claims studies show 90 percent less HPV-caused disease HPV common in both sexes , CDC says , but men develop fewer problems Committee also favors Cervarix , new vaccine from GlaxoSmithKline
CNN  -- Will you be any worse off the moment humans cease to speak in Aragonese ? How about Navajo , or Ojibwa ? Or Koro , a language only just discovered in a tiny corner of northeast India ? No , you probably would n't , not in that moment . But humanity would be . Science , art and culture would be . If , as the phrase goes , another language equals another soul , then some 3,054 souls -- 50 % of the world 's total languages -- are set to die out by 2100 . Mashable.com : Kindle Espanol : Amazon launches Spanish-language ebook store If there is hope , it lies in the world 's centers of information -- such as Google . The search giant 's philanthropic arm , Google.org , has launched the Endangered Language project , a website devoted to preserving those ancient tongues that are now only spoken by a few thousand of us . Mashable.com : How technology is speeding up humanitarian response The site , launched early Thursday , features videos and an interactive map . The curious can click on any one of the dots that hang over each country  including a suprising number in the U.S.  , each representing a whole language . You can hear the heartbreaking , beautiful sound of Koro being sung , or read 18th-century manuscripts written in a nearly-dead Native American tongue . "  Documenting the 3,000 + languages that are on the verge of extinction is an important step in preserving cultural diversity , " write project managers Clara Rivera Rodriguez and Jason Rissman . Mashable.com : 5 startups infusing social good with innovation The idea is to unite a lot of smaller preservation efforts under the Google.org banner . "  By bridging independent efforts from around the world we hope to make an important advancement in confronting language endangerment , " said Rodriguez and Rissman . "  We hope you 'll join us . " Check out the project 's video on Mashable.com .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Some 50 % of the world 's total languages may die out by the year 2100 Google on Thursday launched a website devoted to language preservation The interactive site allows users to hear and ` read ' endangered languages Uniting smaller preservation efforts under Google may speed up preservation
CNN  New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's comments on vaccinations are already grabbing headlines , but the would-be 2016 contender has a busy schedule while overseas in London . On the trip -- billed as trade mission -- Christie also criticized President Barack Obama 's negotiating skills , arguing that Obama has been weak in recent talks involving Iran and Cuba . "  You need an effective negotiator at the top and as I 've said before , I think the President has shown over and over that he 's not a good negotiator , " Christie told reporters in Cambridge , England . "  If you see the reaction from Raul Castro , it does n't seem like he 's saying ` thank you , how can I make Cuba freer ? ' It seems he now wants Guantanamo Bay and it sounds to me like he now wants reparations and compensation , " he continued , addressing Obama 's push to ease the Cuba embargo . "  So the president is not proving himself to be the most adept negotiator in my mind on behalf of American interests . " Christie is in the United Kingdom for a three-day swing that will offer the governor -- who recently launched a political committee ahead of a potential White House run - - a chance to polish his foreign policy credentials . Later Monday he meets with Prime Minister David Cameron at 10 Downing Street , as well as U.S. Ambassador Matthew Barzun and members of the prime minister 's Cabinet . Asked about vaccinations , Christie said he and his wife vaccinate their children but he understands "  that parents need to have some measure of choice as well . So that 's a balance the government has to decide . " Christie , an avid sports fan , started his trip watching Arsenal defeat Aston Villa , 5-0 , in a Premiere League game . He also stayed up late to watch the Super Bowl game , he told reporters Monday morning . Christie ventured across the pond a couple of days after Mitt Romney announced he would n't pursue the 2016 Republican presidential nomination , a decision that opens up funding streams for Christie . The two , who 've long described themselves as friends , had dinner Friday night . Asked about the dinner , Christie , according to the Associated Press , told reporters Sunday : "  Good to see you all . " The governor declined to comment further on how Romney 's decision affects Christie 's chances for 2016 . "  I just arrived here a few hours ago , " he said . "  I 'm not processing a lot at the moment . I 've processed some soccer . That was about it . Or football as they call it . " His schedule on Monday included a wreath laying ceremony at the Cambridge American Cemetery to honor U.S. military service members who died in World War II . The itinerary this week also includes a visit to Hope House , a drug addiction treatment facility that 's backed by members of the royal family . Britain 's Prince Harry teamed up with Christie in 2013 to tour recovery efforts after Superstorm Sandy severely damaged the Jersey Shore . Unlike his trip to Mexico in September and to Canada in December , Christie is not set to deliver any major foreign policy speeches . Instead he 'll hold roundtable discussions and tour facilities that focus on the life sciences industry , including pharmaceutical and health care organizations . The United Kingdom is New Jersey 's third-largest trade partner with more than $ 7 billion exchanged annually .	Gov. Chris Christie  R-New Jersey  is in the United Kingdom for a three-day swing The governor is preparing for a possible presidential bid
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Jordan 's King Abdullah II swore in a new government Wednesday with a mandate for political reform , a former general at its head and several opposition and media figures among its ranks . Abdullah shook up his Cabinet last week amid protests at home . While the king gave new prime minister Marouf al Bakhit orders to implement "  genuine political reform , " Bakhit 's appointment was seen as an attempt to shore up support among Jordan 's Bedouin tribes -- the bedrock of the monarchy . Bakhit is a former national security official who served a previous stint as prime minister , ending in 2007 . His Cabinet includes members of several Jordanian political parties , opposition groups , the editor of a newspaper that is sometimes critical of the government and one person considered an independent Islamist . Jordan 's economy has been hit hard by the global economic downturn and fast-rising commodity prices . As in nearby Egypt , where longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak faces the toughest challenge to his nearly 30-year rule , youth unemployment is high . Officials close to the palace told CNN last week that Abdullah is trying to turn a regional upheaval into an opportunity for reform . Bakhit will serve as defense minister as well as prime minister in the new government , while Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh and Finance Minister Mohammad Abu Hammour kept their portfolios in the shakeup . Hussein Mjalli , a former head of the Jordanian lawyer 's association and member of the country 's opposition Baath Party , is the new justice minister . A journalist , Tareq Masarweh , joined the Cabinet as culture minister , while Taher Odwan , the editor of the Jordanian daily newspaper Arab Al Yawm , will take the post of communications minister . Jordan 's Muslim Brotherhood has refused an offer to join the government , arguing that the prime minister should be chosen by parliament instead of the king . But an independent Islamist , Abdul Raheem Ekour , was named the kingdom 's Islamic affairs minister . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	King Abdullah II swore in a new Cabinet Wednesday The new ministers include several opposition figures
CNN  -- Exceptional drought conditions spread across nearly 12 % of the United States last month , a record number that shows the widespread impact of the dry weather conditions , according to a report released Monday . Officials at the National Drought Mitigation Center said the July percentage is the highest recorded level of drought since the monitor began documenting conditions 12 years ago . More than 40 % of states faced abnormal dryness or drought , a report released by the center said . The report tracks and ranks weather conditions from "  abnormal dryness " to "  exceptional drought . " A drought is considered "  exceptional " when the situation extends beyond what "  could be considered part of normal risk management , " according to the center 's website . Dry weather has been pervasive throughout the South but particularly difficult for Texas , which hoped to find relief in Tropical Storm Don . The storm made landfall Friday between Corpus Christi and Brownsville but quickly fizzled into a tropical depression , disappointing residents looking for a break . "  We were desperately hoping for some rain that did n't come , " said Tiffany Sunday , a resident of the Corpus Christi area . Texas is suffering from the third-worst drought in the state 's history , according to state Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples . More than 2 million acres of Texas farmland have been abandoned due to the exceptional dryness , Staples said last week . He added that the weather has been "  excruciatingly painful " for producers and affected the harvest of cotton , corn and grain throughout the state . Seven other states are at least 85 % abnormally dry . They are New Mexico , Louisiana , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Georgia , Arkansas and Florida . The drought monitor said affected states may see improvement from rain in the coming weeks . "  Whenever there is a lot of moisture in a short period of time , the potential exists for rapid improvement . ... But while that possibility exists , it wo n't necessarily mean the end of drought in those areas , " said Brian Fuchs , a climatologist at the National Drought Mitigation Center . CNN 's Chelsea Bailey and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	Report : Almost 12 % of the United States struggles with "  exceptional drought " conditions The U.S. Drought Monitor says the percentage is the highest recorded in 12 years Agriculture commissioner : Texas is experiencing the third-worst drought in its history
CNN  -- Hollywood and the Kennedy family came together Saturday with the marriage of Robert Kennedy Jr. to actress Cheryl Hines . The two wed at the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts , which captured the nation 's attention more than 50 years ago during the presidency of John F. Kennedy . "  They have wed , and it was beautiful , " Hines publicist Ann Gurrola said . Robert Kennedy Jr. is the late president 's nephew and the son of former attorney general and U.S. Sen. Robert Kennedy . The brothers were assassinated during the 1960s . The marriage is the third for Robert Kennedy Jr. . In 2012 , his then-estranged wife Mary Kennedy died of asphyxiation due to hanging in Bedford , New York . Mary and Robert Kennedy had four children together . Robert Kennedy has two children from an earlier marriage . Kennedy , 60 , is an environmental lawyer and activist . His new wife is widely recognized in Hollywood , most of all from her years playing Larry David 's wife on the former celebrated HBO show , "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " Besides that work , the Florida-born Hines , 48 , has appeared as a regular on the TV series "  Suburgatory , " "  We Need Help " and other shows . CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	The marriage takes place at the famous Kennedy compound on Cape Cod "  They have wed , and it was beautiful , " Hines ' publicist says It 's the third marriage for Kennedy , an environmental lawyer and activist Hines is a veteran actress best known for her role on HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm "
CNN  -- OK , there 's no way to write this article without name dropping . To cut to the chase , I know Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert , and you do n't . I used to work for "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report " as the audience warm-up act . Not a bad day job . But knowing the hosts did n't mean I got to parade on stage at Saturday 's "  Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear . " I was in the audience with the thousands of fans , reporting on the events for CNN . But the audience was where the real spectacle unfolded this weekend . Stewart , Colbert preside over rally In a lot of ways , the people congregating on the National Mall looked just like the people I used to perform for back at "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report . " Black , white , Hispanic , old , young -- every race , every ethnicity and every age group was represented in the sea of fans . The unifying characteristic , however , was that they were overwhelmingly thoughtful and hilarious Americans . They appreciate good comedy and political satire . And they know how to create it themselves . That was made was obvious in the signs they carried . "  God Hates Nags , " "  Hitler was a total Nazi " and the mundane but humorous "  this is not a protest sign . " And like all good comedy shows , everyone sported a smile . Humor brought everyone together . In the days to come , there will be some commentators questioning whether Stewart and Colbert crossed the line from comedians to political commentators . In all honesty , I 'd say , yeah , I think they did make a political stance at the rally . The fact is comedy is an art form . And comedians are artists . People at rally : No Tea please You ca n't be passionate about something and not have some part of yourself and your beliefs shine through . The message Stewart and Colbert were peddling came through loud and clear . As Jon said : "  We live now in hard times . Not ` end times . ' " Whatever your politics , I think everyone can agree that taking a step back and approaching our nation 's problems rationally and sanely is the only way solve them . And we have to do it together . As difficult as that might sound , we have to learn more about the issues we all care so passionately about . And then we have to have a civil conversation . Without fear , and without insanity .	CNN 's Pete Dominick once worked with Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert Dominick was n't talking to his pals ; he was out Saturday observing folks attending rally Dominick finds that a good sense of humor is what attendees had in common Funny signs he spotted : "  God Hates Nags , " "  Hitler was a total Nazi "
CNN  -- A Good Samaritan died Saturday while trying a save two people who had been swept into the Pacific Ocean in San Pedro , California , authorities said . The 36-year-old victim , whose name was not released , was one of several people who jumped into the waters near the Cabrillo Beach breakwater after the teen and a 49-year-old man were swept into the ocean , Los Angeles Port Police Lt. Michael Capodanno said in a statement . Authorities responded to a 6:35 a.m. call that three people had been swept into the water at the breakwater , a popular gathering spot for fishing and taking pictures , said Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Brian Humphrey . San Pedro is about 25 miles south of Los Angeles . The 49-year-old man made his way out of the water on his own . The 14-year-old was pulled from the water by divers and transported to a hospital . Humphrey said it appears the two had been fishing on the breakwater . The 36-year-old victim had no pulse and was not breathing when fire department divers pulled him from the water , Humphrey said . Rescuers performed CPR as they transported him to Providence Little Company of Mary Medical Center , where he was later pronounced dead . Capodanno said both the 49-year-old and the teen were in "  good health " and released from the hospital . Hawaii football player dies after wave sweeps him from Oahu beach	A Good Samaritan drowns trying to save a teen and a man swept into ocean near Los Angeles The 36-year-old victim was one of several people who tried to help The victim had no pulse and was not breathing when divers pulled him from water
CNN  -- In the fall of 1995 , I jumped into a large van with about 20 other young black men , and we headed out from the small college town of Kalamazoo , Michigan , to Washington . Destination : the Million Man March . The mission : addressing the ills crippling black men . We were an intellectually curious and rambunctious group . Loud , idealistic Gen Xers , raised on the sweet nectar of Public Enemy 's message of personal responsibility and the films of Spike Lee that encouraged us to fight the power . So convinced that this event was going to change the world that when we turned on the radio , and McFadden and Whitehead 's "  Ai n't No Stopping Us Now " came on , I took the song as providence . Nearly 20 years later and I 'm sure I do n't need to rattle off all of the discouraging statistics regarding men of color in this country to illustrate that moment was anything but the awakening it was designed to be . Yet I sat Thursday in the East Room of the White House -- listening to President Barack Obama as he announced his "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative , looking at the young men who stood on risers behind him , listening to the affirmative audibles of the attendants , like the congregation of a Southern Baptist church -- and I found myself fondly reminiscing . I found myself inspired . When I first came to Washington to address the unique circumstances hindering men of color , it was with a megaphone shouting at the White House . On this day , I was in the White House , and the megaphone had been replaced with a microphone clipped to a podium that bears the seal of the President . Progress . Afterward I was asked if I thought this initiative would make a difference . My answer was yes . True , the cynic will look at the laundry list of already created programs -- locally and nationally -- that were designed to dismantle the debilitating factors that have plagued men of color over the years , look at "  Keeper " and shrug . Others will accuse Obama of promoting division by using the office to highlight the issues of minorities over those of their white counterparts . As if one in three black males being projected to go to prison at some point in their lives can be construed as some sort of highlight . But such is the world of the first black President of these United States . Obama spent the first five years of his administration cautiously touching on the issue of race -- a beer summit here , a hypothetical "  son " in the wake of the killing of Trayvon Martin there -- likely for fear of being perceived as only caring about the needs of "  his people " as opposed to "  the people . " As a result , he has been the target of sharp criticism from some within the black community who see him aggressively addressing the pain of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community , or tackling issues such as immigration that greatly affect Latinos , and they wonder what about us ? What about our pain ? The wealth of black households has declined more than any other demographic during Obama 's time as President and those hurt most by this wonder : What about us ? Blood continues to flow and bullets fly in the neighborhood streets he calls home and the residents wonder , what ... about ... us ? Thursday he said , I hear you . I was asked if that would make a difference . My answer is yes . Obama 's address was not about government . It was about community . His community , which is my community , which is your community . For as much as the narrative has historically reflected a storyline framed around the troubles of one section of society , the reality is no section is immune economically from the effects of this crisis . Men of color are more prone to drop out of high school than anyone else . A majority of inmates lack a high school diploma . In a 21-year span ending in 2003 , the amount of money spent on prisons increased by 570 % . That money comes from taxes . Dots connected . Not to mention the loss of workers and the well-documented effects of unplanned pregnancies coupled with absentee fathers . And when news reports of young men dying from gang violence no longer elicit an emotional response -- a sad reality the President talked about -- we are indeed in a moral crisis . Will "  Keeper " make a difference ? . Yes . Whether Obama is freed from the need to appease now that he 's in his second term or driven by the urgency of the moment , the forming of "  My Brother 's Keeper " is the most tangible manifestation of his "  Change We Can Believe In " slogan in years . And while $ 200 million promised by various corporations and philanthropic groups is but a "  drop in the bucket " in terms of the resources needed -- as one of his critics , Tavis Smiley , pointed out soon thereafter -- the fact he was able to raise that amount quietly is an indication that addressing this crisis has been on his mind for some time . Even if he was hesitant to talk about it . Michael Cruz , a local student involved in an education supplemental program called Communities in Schools , was one of those young men standing on the risers behind the president . He spoke to me about what it was like to spend time with Obama and how he has already been encouraged by what the President wants to do . "  People are always trying to bring your self-esteem down , " the 16-year-old from Washington told me . "  I have neighbors and kids in school telling me that I wo n't turn out to be anything and stuff like that . "  Some parts of my neighborhood are good and some parts people are doing drugs and stuff like that . But I try not to pay any attention to them and stay focused on my goals . " Goals that include going to college and becoming a chemical engineer . Over the past two days , he has gotten to know Michael Carter , a 15-year-old at his school . While Cruz has two parents in the home , Carter said he is raised by his mother and gets support from his aunts and cousins who help him stay out of trouble . "  Getting to know Michael has been a great experience because he has goals like I do , " Carter said . "  I did n't know him before , but now that I have , we 've become good friends . I know I will do all I can to encourage him and help him because seeing him do well will inspire me to do well . " Carter , who wants to attend Syracuse University and major in computer science , is his brother 's keeper . And so if you saw the President 's address or read some of his remarks and wonder if it would make a difference ... First think of Cruz and Carter and invariably your answer will be yes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Will President Obama 's "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative make a difference ? He says it will address dangers of dropping out of school , getting in trouble with the law The problems of young black males affect all of society economically , Granderson says He says Obama returns to "  change " theme by addressing his community 's issues
CNN  -- A droid rolling along in the desert . Stormtroopers leaving a transport vehicle readying for battle . A Sith lord showing off his three-sided lightsaber . Those are the images that make up the first look at "  Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens , " which debuted its first teaser trailer Friday . CNNMoney : The business behind ` Star Wars ' To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement . Fans have been anxious to get a glimpse at the upcoming "  Star Wars " installment since Monday 's announcement that it would be available in 30 theaters Friday . Then Disney appeared to blink Wednesday , announcing that the trailer would be available on iTunes as well . That led to a bit of a hiccup Friday morning as a stream of fans eager to see the clip appeared to crash iTunes ' site . The highlight of the trailer is definitely the Millennium Falcon . It 's the first time we 've seen it onscreen since 1983 's "  Return of the Jedi , " and it was probably enough to send chills down the spine of many fans . Of course , "  Star Wars " aficionados quickly reacted on Twitter . The movie , directed by J.J. Abrams , opens December 18 , 2015 . Yes , that 's right -- a year from now .	The first trailer for "  Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens " arrives To call it the most anticipated teaser of the year is an understatement The trailer debuts in 30 theaters Friday
CNN  -- Police in California have found a plastic-wrapped body that might be tied to a bizarre saga involving several homicides in the San Francisco Bay Area . The body of Frederick Sales , 35 , was found bound in plastic and hidden in a closet of a home , the Hercules Police Department said in a statement Saturday . Sales ' cause of death had not been determined . On August 28 , Sales ' father , 73-year-old Ricardo Sales , was found bludgeoned to death with multiple puncture wounds in the same home , police said . At that time , the younger Sales was reported missing . An arrest warrant was issued for Efren Valdemoro after information came to light that he had an altercation with the elder Sales and his son the previous week , authorities said . Valdemoro was killed in a shootout with California Highway Patrol officers August 31 , authorities said . He was also a person of interest in the killings of two elderly women in Vallejo , California . The women were last seen August 25 , according to a statement from the Vallejo police . Police in Vallejo secured a house in which the bodies of two elderly women were found , along with a large amount of explosive materials , federal and local authorities said . Valdemoro is believed to have been associated with both women , Vallejo police have said . After he was killed in a shootout with California Highway Patrol officers , officials said they found the body of Cindy Tran , Valdemoro 's girlfriend , in the trunk of Valdemoro 's vehicle .	Police say the body of Frederick Sales was found hidden and bound in plastic Sales ' father was previously found bludgeoned to death The suspect in the deaths was killed in a shootout with officers The body of the suspect 's girlfriend was found in the trunk of his vehicle
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai made an unannounced visit to Marjah on Sunday to see the gains made after a massive military offensive by Afghan and international troops to wrest control of the southern city from the Taliban . Karzai toured the city in Helmand province with Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan . Marjah residents remain skeptical of U.S. troops and the newly installed local government that has moved in and taken over , said U.S. Marine Corps Brig. Gen. Larry Nicholson , who was in charge of the Marjah offensive . They want to know what Karzai 's government is going to be able to do for them , he said . "  We are in competition every day for the confidence and support of the population -- we 're in competition with the Taliban , " Nicholson told reporters last week . "  We have a very narrow window of opportunity here in Marjah to make that first impression and you get one shot at it , " he said . Dubbed Operation Moshtarak , the offensive was launched last month by an international coalition of 15,000 troops including Afghans , Americans , Britons , Canadians , Danes , and Estonians . The Marjah region has long been a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment and is where the Taliban had set up a shadow government . It is a key area in Afghanistan 's heroin trade and full of the opium used to fund the insurgency . The hope now is for the United States to persuade the locals to change their crops from poppies -- grown to produce opium for the Taliban 's drug trade -- and instead grow crops like wheat , which can help them survive and provide income as well . Nicholson said for years , the Taliban-run town had no police force . Now , the Afghan government is in the process of recruiting Marjah citizens to join a new police force that would be trained by the Marines . The general had no timetable on how long it would take to truly secure the town . Meanwhile , in Baghlan province , about 50 insurgents , including more than a dozen Taliban , were killed in fighting between two rebel groups , the province 's governor said Sunday . Some 35 fighters of the Hezb-e-Eslami , or Islamic Party , and 13 Taliban died in the fighting , which began Saturday and continued into Sunday , Mohammed Akbar Barikzai told CNN . Apparently some bystanders also were killed or wounded , Barikzai said , adding he could not put an exact number on the civilian casualties . More Afghanistan coverage on Afghanistan Crossroads blog Hezb-e-Eslami is an insurgent group loyal to warlord Gulbeddin Hekmatyar . They are enemies of the Taliban , but it is rare that the anti-government groups fight each other . A group of 25 Hezb-e-Eslami fighters including their commander surrendered to Afghan National Police on Sunday , the governor said . Separately , two children were killed and two were hurt in an explosion while they were playing in Kandahar province , provincial spokesman Zalmay Ayoubi said Sunday . The explosive device was in a bag that blew up while the children were playing , the Interior Ministry said in a press release . The injured children were transferred to a hospital for treatment . Two NATO service members were killed in southern Afghanistan in two separate incidents on Sunday , a NATO news release said . One was killed by small arms fire and the other by an improvised explosive device , NATO said . The identities and nationalities of the service members were not immediately released , pending notification of the relevant national authorities , the statement said . Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	Afghan president tours Marjah , site of massive operation to take control from Taliban Next goal is to win support of population , U.S. general says Elsewhere in Afghanistan , about 50 killed in battle between two rebel groups Two NATO service members killed in separate incidents
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to the council of ministers for the first time as part of a Cabinet reshuffle , networks including Saudi state-run Channel One reported Saturday . Saudi King Abdullah has appointed a woman to his council of ministers for the first time . King Abdullah announced a new supreme court chief , minister of health , justice minister and information minister as part of the reshuffling , according to Channel One . King Abdullah appointed Noor Al-Fayez to the Saudi Council of Ministers . She will serve in a new position as deputy minister for women 's education . "  I 'm very proud to be nominated and selected for such a prestigious position , " Al-Faiz told CNN on Saturday . "  I hope that other ladies , females , will follow in the future . " "  People are very excited about this , " said Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , an English-language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia . "  This sends a clear signal that the King means business . Instead of appointing some bureaucrat , he appointed a woman . " Jamal Khashoggi , editor-in-chief of the Al-Watan Daily newspaper , told CNN the reshuffle signals a major change in his country . "  This is a huge step forward , in education , women 's place in society , " said Khashoggi . Al-Faiz said she 's confident she wo n't just be a token member of the council . "  I think by being the second person after the minister , I think I have enough power to work in the improvement of girls ' education , " she said . The new appointments are the largest council shakeup since King Abdullah took power in 2005 . Maeena also said the other new appointments by King Abdullah were very "  progressive " moves . Some other new appointments were : CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saudi King Abdullah appoints a woman to council of ministers for first time King appoints Noor Al-Fayez as deputy minister for women 's education Khaled Al-Maeena , editor-in-chief of Arab News , says people "  excited " by move
CNN  -- A man who allegedly tried to break into the home of a recently widowed Oklahoma woman -- who shot and killed his alleged fellow intruder after calling 911 -- was freed Thursday on bail despite a first-degree murder charge , a court clerk said . Although he did not fire the fatal shot , 29-year-old Dustin Louis Stewart is charged with first-degree felony murder in the incident because if someone dies during the commission of certain crimes , such as burglary , an alleged accomplice can be charged in the death , prosecutors have said . A hearing for Stewart was held Thursday in the central Oklahoma city of Chickasha , five days after the incident . During that hearing , Stewart posted the $ 50,000 bond and was released , Grady County court clerk Jessica Pickle told CNN . Prosecutors recommended that $ 50,000 be set as the bail amount , according to a court document . Stewart was ordered not to have any contact with the alleged victim -- in this case , Sarah Dawn McKinley , who fired the fatal shot -- and to appear next in court the morning of January 20 . A preliminary hearing in the case is set for May 23 , the document signed by Stewart states . The incident has caught the nation 's attention because part of the action was captured during a 911 conversation . Home alone with her 3-month-old son , McKinley of Blanchard , Oklahoma , said she decided to make a stand when the two men tried to break into her home on New Year 's Eve . McKinley , who had been widowed less than a week before , placed a couch in front of one door and went to the bedroom and put a bottle in her baby 's mouth before calling 911 , she said on HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " on Wednesday . A 911 operator calmly spoke with McKinley , who asked if it was permissible to shoot an intruder , officials said . "  I 've got two guns in my hand . Is it OK to shoot him if he comes in this door ? " asked McKinley , 18 . "  Well , you have to do whatever you can do to protect yourself , " dispatcher Diane Graham responded . "  I ca n't tell you that you can do that , but you do what you have to do to protect your baby . " In the end , McKinley fired a 12-gauge shotgun and killed Justin Shane Martin after he entered her home , according to a Blanchard Police Department affidavit filed in court Wednesday . Martin was armed with a knife , authorities said . "  You have to make a choice , you or him . I chose my son over him , " McKinley said to CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KWTV . First Assistant District Attorney James Walters told CNN that McKinley will not be charged because she acted in self-defense . "  A person has the right to protect themselves , their family and their property , " Walters said . As for the 911 operator 's guidance ? "  I would agree with that advice , " the prosecutor said . It 's not uncommon for charges to be filed against an alleged accomplice in cases where two people are committing a crime and a death occurs , even that of a co-conspirator , said Trent Baggett , assistant executive coordinator at the Oklahoma District Attorneys Council . "  It 's all dependent upon if the situation warrants it and the facts warrant it , " he said . " ... If in the commission of a qualifying offense , someone gets killed , then yes ,  first-degree murder charges  can and probably will be filed upon the person who does n't die . " Even if they did n't pull the trigger themselves ? "  Under Oklahoma law , it does n't matter , " Baggett said . And people have been convicted of first-degree murder under such circumstances , he added . Graham was the first of two 911 operators to speak with McKinley . The dispatcher told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Wednesday she learned in training that she could not tell a caller to shoot someone but , "  as a mother , I wanted her to protect her baby . " "  She did a very good job in keeping her  McKinley  calm , " Grady County Sheriff Art Kell said of Graham . "  Her job is to make sure the person on the phone is comfortable ... to give them support . " McKinley was on the phone with a second dispatcher when she pulled the trigger . McKinley 's husband died of cancer on Christmas Day , Walters said . Evidence indicates Martin and Stewart may have been looking for painkillers or other drugs taken by McKinley 's ill husband , the assistant prosecutor said . Investigators found no such drugs , he told CNN . Police said Stewart told them Martin knew McKinley 's husband had died , according to CNN affiliate KOCO . Martin suspected prescription drugs would be inside the home , the station reported , citing court documents . McKinley said she believes the men were coming after her , rather than intending to commit a robbery . According to the affidavit , the men approached McKinley 's mobile home Saturday afternoon . Martin had devised a plan to burglarize the residence , police said . Stewart told investigators he and Martin ingested hydrocodone about 30 minutes before reaching the rural home , the affidavit states . Martin "  aggressively " knocked on the doors of the home and gained entry by hitting one of them with his shoulder , police said . Stewart said "  he heard a gunshot after Martin entered the residence , " and Stewart then "  fled on foot . " McKinley said she had pushed the couch against the door to deter entry . "  When he busted in the door I saw something shimmering in his hand , " the mother told HLN . "  I thought it was a pistol at first , but it was a 12-inch hunting knife . I did n't know  that  until after I shot and killed him . " Martin , 24 , was found between the door and a couch with a knife clutched in his gloved left hand , police said . CNN 's calls to police in Blanchard , about 25 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City , were not immediately returned . Stewart 's attorney , Stephen Buzin , told CNN he would not comment on specifics of the case against his client . "  We will let the facts come out at trial and feel comfortable with his innocence , " the attorney said . Martin recently had approached McKinley 's home , saying he wanted to introduce himself , Walters said . The man said he worked for the owner of the property on which McKinley lived , she told HLN . McKinley , who in addition to the shotgun was also armed with a pistol , was on the phone with authorities for 21 minutes , Walters said . "  She remained as calm as one could under the circumstances and had the forethought and called 911 , as everyone should , " he said . McKinley was asked on "  Dr. Drew " whether she regretted shooting Martin . "  No . We could have been in a whole different situation if I had n't done it , " she replied . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate KWTV . Watch ISSUES with Jane Velez-Mitchell Monday through Sunday at 7pm ET on HLN . For the latest from ISSUES click here .	NEW : The accused man ca n't have contact with the shooter , a court document says He posts a $ 50,000 bond that had been requested by prosecutors , a court clerk says Sarah McKinley fired a gun after checking with a 911 dispatcher , killing the intruder Alleged accomplice Dustin Louis Stewart is charged with murder , though he did n't fire a gun
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican had praise Saturday for this week 's announcement that scientists had created the world 's first synthetic cell , calling it an "  interesting result " that could help cure disease . In an article Saturday , the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano called it "  important research " and "  the work of high-quality genetic engineering . " But it said the scientists who created the cell had not created life , just "  replaced one of its motors . " The response may appear to mark a turn for the Vatican , but in fact the church does not officially oppose genetic engineering as long as the science avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning or anything else that fiddles too much with the re-creation of human life . "  Genetic engineering can do good : It is enough to think that it could heal chromosome-related diseases , " the article said . However , scientists must "  join courage with caution , " it said . "  They touch a very fragile territory where the environment and manipulation play a role that can not be underestimated , " the article said . Genetics pioneer J. Craig Venter , who runs an eponymous U.S. institute for genomic research , announced Thursday that he and his team had created artificial life for the first time . Using sequences of genetic code created on a computer , the team assembled a complete DNA of a bacterium and inserted it into a cell of bacteria . The new cell was self-replicating , controlled only by the synthetic genome . "  The weight of the DNA is great , and great are the expectations of genetic science , " L'Osservatore Romano said . "  Nevertheless , the DNA , even though it is an excellent engine , is not life . " Venter said his team had not created life . "  We created a new cell . It 's alive . But we did n't create life from scratch , " he said . Venter said the discovery would help give science new tools for a range of applications , from converting carbon dioxide into fuel and creating new food substances to creating new vaccines to treat diseases . The breakthrough will stimulate discussion about the possibilities , Venter told CNN . He said his next step would be to "  see if we can create some of these cures for the planet . " CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	J. Craig Venter says he and his team created artificial life for the first time Vatican praises announcement , says it could help cure diseases Church does not oppose genetic engineering that avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning "  We created a new cell . It 's alive . But we did n't create life from scratch , " Venter says
CNN  -- Air Canada has seen quite a turnaround . A few years ago , Canada 's national carrier was on the brink of declaring bankruptcy for a second time in a decade , and at the end of 2011 it reported a $ 60 million loss . After a year-long shakeup , however , the once-turbulent company has seen a dramatic rise in profits , and its end-of-year earnings for 2012 were $ 8 million  the first time the company had turned a profit in five years  . Calin Rovinescu , the company 's CEO , attributes the upturn to his "  Gangnam-style " approach . In a recent issue of the airline 's in-flight magazine , he wrote : "  Full-service , established airlines like Air Canada have to be especially flexible and nimble to avoid becoming the great-uncle launching into a twist at the wedding , whilst the youngsters go ` gangnam ' . " In other words , Air Canada realized it had to learn new moves , or , as Rovinescu clarifies , "  get off the dance floor . " One of the carrier 's most prominent restructuring methods is adding 109 more seats to five new Boeing 777-300ERs , and introducing a new premium economy class . "  I want us to be the leading , premium airline in North America , " says Rovinescu , who acknowledges there is stiff competition . Read more : Economy class goes gourmet Though there 's always a risk that a boosted up economy class will lure a few passengers who would have otherwise booked a more expensive business-class ticket , Rovinescu is confident the move will instead attract a new demographic of economy passengers who want a few extra creature comforts . "  People that are on the edge of being able to pay for a business class seat may well move to the premium economy , but our expectation is that it will be more than made up by economy class passengers that buy in  because they find  the pricing of a business class too high . " Another major move is that the airline has started to launch a bigger presence in the Asian market , increasing their routes between Toronto and Vancouver to Beijing , Shanghai and Hong Kong . Perhaps the most dramatic change , though , is the addition of a second , low-cost airline , called Rouge , which the company is billing as its "  leisure " service . Rouge employs smaller planes and travels to separate , more vacation-themed destinations than the main carrier . "  We 're a pretty good brand in the leisure market , though word is that we do well on the business travel-side internationally . We look at our business and say , well , we could either abandon  the leisure-side  over time , as there will always be an efficient , lower cost producer , or we could get into it in a much more meaningful way . " It 's still too early to see what effect these changes will have on Air Canada 's bottom line in the long run . But the company 's recent profit margins bode well . "  One year does not a transformation make , " acknowledges Rovinescu , "  but I 'm really encouraged by the results of last year . I will characterize ourselves as a baseball game . We are probably in the fifth inning right now of a transformation process . " Read more : Air Canada flight finds stranded Australian yacht The company also faced labor challenges last year with disputes with the airlines ' two largest unions , the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers . The launch of Rouge was one point of contention , with airline staff worried about the implications for the safety of their jobs . "  Some of the things  we implemented  were a little bit of a shock to the airline , a shock to the system . The contracts were all settled and everybody did a great job and went back to work , " he says . "  Otherwise , we would n't be winning awards , " he adds . The accolades he refers to include an award for best international airline in North America for three years running in the World Airline Awards . The carrier also was named best North American airline for international travel and best North American airline in-flight experience  as voted on by readers of U.S. magazine Business Traveler  . As Rovinescu points out , Air Canada has a legacy to maintain , and sometimes doing so can be harder than starting from scratch . "  As significant as it is for an entrepreneur to start a business , it 's a lot tougher to convert a business that has been around for twenty five years , and that 's really what we 're doing now , " he says .	In 2012 , Air Canada turned a profit for the first time in five years Calin Rovinescu , the CEO , wrote that the company needed to keep up with the competition by going ` Gangnam ' One major change was introducing premium economy class The company also started a low-cost airline called Rouge , which has vacation-oriented routes
Daisy , my sister 's miniature schnauzer , made quite an impression on me during an extended visit . I even found a schnauzer rescue group and submitted an online application , hoping for a feisty fur kid of my own . No one ever called . I remember being disappointed at the time , but regular outings with Daisy helped ease my bruised ego . Eventually , I crossed paths with a precocious pooch named Lulu who changed everything . Our escapades inspired my quest to help other frazzled , first-time pet owners . I also took solace in a hilarious book called "  What the Dog Did : Tales from a Formerly Reluctant Dog Owner , " by Emily Yoffe . Stories about Sasha the beagle helped me realize that I was n't alone in lamenting my Lulu 's penchant for chewing shoes , rolls of toilet paper or brand-new dog beds . In Yoffe 's recent Slate.com article , she writes about being rebuffed by a rescue organization , after suffering through a litany of probing questions . Eventually , her family gave up and purchased their next pet from a breeder . Yoffe 's column reminded me of that fruitless schnauzer application all those years ago . Perhaps my own answers took me out of the running . "  People who rescue animals can be reluctant to believe anyone deserves the furry creatures , " Yoffe says in the article . "  Applicants are sometimes subjected to an interrogation that would befit Michael Vick . " MNN : Cuddling dying pets can expose owners to infections Why all the drama ? Rescue organizations relieve overcrowded animal shelters by placing animals in foster homes and actively promoting them on sites like Petfinder.org . As rescued pets adjust to family life , volunteers gather information that will help them find a love match . If things do n't work out , most rescue groups allow you to return the pet -- no questions asked -- which makes the vetting process even more important on the front end . But questions such as "  Do you plan to have children ? " or "  How much would you spend on a sick animal ? " can rub some well-intentioned pet lovers the wrong way . Representatives from three rescue groups offer a little insight on some of those probing pet questions . How much are you willing you spend on a pet ? "  That 's just our way of making sure they have no problem taking the dog to the vet if it 's hurt or sick , " says Janice Brooks , director of Rescued Unwanted Furry Friends Rescue  911ruff . org  . Based in Fort Walton Beach , Florida. , Brooks ' nonprofit organization has struggled to place dogs after the Gulf oil spill . Rather than take in more pets from animal shelters , Brooks and her team have focused on finding homes for the remaining 34 pets in her care . Recent owner surrenders , due to military deployment or a battered Gulf Coast economy , make the adoption process even tougher . But her goal is to avoid making a bad match . "  They 've been through enough already . " The issue of pet expenses also becomes a factor when people select high-maintenance breeds . Bulldogs are notoriously allergic to grains . These short-snouted dogs also tend to have breathing issues , placing them at the top of the "  do not fly " list for most airlines . But the popular breed generates plenty of adoption applications for Georgia English Bulldog Rescue or GEBR . "  I turn away a lot of people who have unrealistic expectations , " says Ruthann Phillips , director of GEBR . She notes that a typical vet visit for one of her bulldogs can top $ 200 . Annual veterinary bills for poorly bred English bulldogs can easily cost 10 times that amount . MNN : Pet resources for a tough economy In 2011 , dog owners spent $ 248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $ 219 , according to a survey by the American Pet Products Association . Like people , pets also get sick from time to time , adding to that bill . Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations , along with preventatives to fight fleas and the threat of heartworm , a life-threatening illness transmitted by infected mosquitoes . Do you have a veterinarian ? "  We contact -LSB- the vet -RSB- to make sure they bought heartworm preventatives , flea preventatives , that they kept the pet up to date on shots , " Brooks says , noting that vets provide clues to a pet 's care . "  When I called , -LSB- one applicant -RSB- had n't taken dogs to the vet in years . I would hate to know -LSB- a dog -RSB- was hurt and they did not take them to the vet . " Her rescue will accept first-time pet owners , even without a veterinary referral . In those cases , Brooks provides a pet primer , filled with information about flea and heartworm preventatives , foods to avoid such as chocolate , and other key information . Do you plan on having children ? Kids and pets can peacefully coexist , but some little ones have trouble resisting the temptation to pull ears or tails . My nephew 's first steps were quickly followed by mad dashes around the house in hot pursuit of Daisy . My sister quickly had to introduce the word , "  gentle , " during playtime when he tried to tap rather than pet the poor pooch . Most rescue groups also have stories of owners who surrendered pets because they could n't handle the work involved with raising kids and pets . "  We would get owner surrenders from young people who got bulldogs as their first child -- then they had children -- and were unable to afford both , " Phillips says . Brooks adds that the question helps them determine a good fit for the pet . "  We know which dogs do and do not like children , " she says . "  I do n't want a child to get hurt . " Do you own a home or rent ? "  We received a form last week , an owner surrender , because the person did n't check with their landlord first , " says Dianne DaLee , vice president of Atlanta Boxer Rescue  ABR  . "  The landlord said you are not allowed to have dogs over 45 pounds , and the dog had to go . " ABR requires prospective clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process . Brooks also recommends that all family members visit prospective pets , and agree to the adoption . If living conditions change , it helps to have other members of the household who will take responsibility for the pet . MNN : 10 things you might not know about cats Do you have a fenced backyard ? "  When people go to work , let 's say they have an 8 to 5 job , they have to leave early to get to the job , then they are late coming home . That 's nine to 10 hours before the dog can go out , " Brooks says . "  If you have a way for dog to go out , potty and come back in , there 's generally no problem with the new home . The people are happy ; the dogs are happy . " While DaLee admits that questions on adoption applications can resemble the Spanish Inquisition , honest answers help volunteers find the best fit . Some rescued dogs have never seen the inside of a house . Others require extensive training or veterinary care before they are ready to be adopted . Myles , a 7-month-old new addition to ABR , arrived with such severe mange that it had caused secondary skin infections on about 40 % of his body . After receiving medical attention and a little love from his foster family , he is slowly beginning to heal and even play . "  These dogs come from rough backgrounds , " DaLee says . "  We want them to have a permanent home , and not be turned back in to a rescue or hop from home to home . "	In 2011 , dog owners spent $ 248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $ 219 ABR requires clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations
Iranian sailors helped scare off armed pirates who attacked an American cargo ship in the Gulf of Oman , Iranian state media reported Thursday . Iran detains 13 alleged pirates after clash It 's the latest example of U.S.-Iranian cooperation on pirate-infested high seas despite a wave of tensions between Washington and Tehran over the decades . EU forces attack pirate targets on Somali shore The incident occurred northeast of Fujairah , a port for refueling oil tankers , the Fars News Agency said . The port , in the United Arab Emirates , is close to the Strait of Hormuz , an important oil shipping lane . Iranian navy vessels received a distress signal from the U.S. cargo ship Maersk Texas during patrols . The forces announced their willingness to help . As they closed in on the American cargo ship , the pirates scattered . The U.S. ship crew thanked the Iranian naval force and continued on its way , state media reported . "  We were aware of the incident yesterday , " a State Department official said . "  The situation was successfully deescalated by the ship 's crew and the Iranian crew . " The United States , Iran and other nations have been intent on repelling pirates operating in the Gulf of Aden and other bodies of water . Pirate attacks down off Somalia , up off Nigeria American forces assisted or rescued Iranians at sea several times in January . U.S. sailors aboard a guided-missile destroyer aided the crew of a sinking Iranian fishing vessel in the Arabian Sea . The U.S. Coast Guard rescued six Iranian mariners at the northern end of the Persian Gulf , the Pentagon said . And the destroyer USS Kidd rescued 13 Iranian sailors from a hijacked fishing boat near the Strait of Hormuz . Tehran has threatened to close the the strait if sanctions are imposed on its exports of crude oil . The West has been using sanctions and diplomacy to try to stop Iran from producing nuclear weapons .	U.S. State Department says both crews successfully handled the situation American sailors have helped Iranians at sea in the past The incident occurred close to the Strait of Hormuz Piracy is a major problem for international shippers
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton suggested on Saturday that the fall in Hispanic turnout for Democrats in 2014 was partly due to President Barack Obama 's decision to not issue an executive order on immigration . At a Politico event with Mike Allen in Little Rock , Clinton and his former aides reminisced about the past but with a clear eye on how their decisions in the 1990s could be implemented in the future . Clinton also handicapped the disastrous midterms for Democrats . "  There was a collapse of the youth vote , the African-American vote held fairly steady , " Clinton said . "  We had a little bit of a loss of the Hispanic vote , perhaps because the President did n't issue the immigration order . But it was a tough call for him because had he done so , a lot of others would have lost by even more . It was a difficult call . " Latinos made up 10 % of the electorate in 2012 , according to CNN 's exit polls . In 2014 , that number was 8 % . In September , Obama decided to postpone issuing an executive action on immigration until after November 's elections because it would be "  more sustainable " then . Clinton said the biggest problem for Democrats -- who lost their majority in the Senate and fell deeper into the minority in the House -- was that "  the people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us . " The former president also suggested that a national advertising campaign -- that Democrats "  did n't have " -- on an economic message and other issues could have "  made all the difference in a couple of close races . " Clinton 's recollections came during a celebration around the 10th anniversary of the Clinton Presidential Center . A steady stream of former campaign and administration aides were in town for a weekend that has seemed part reunion , part party and part pep rally for the future . For the Clinton confidants in Little Rock this weekend , that future , while not expressly addressed , is Hillary Clinton 's all-but-certain presidential run in 2016 . Hillary Clinton spoke earlier in the day at an event for the Clinton Foundation 's "  No Ceilings " initiative . Unlike other events during the week that looked back at the Clinton administration , the former first lady 's event was forward looking on how to increase women 's participation in the workforce . At the Politico event , Bill Clinton looked to the future while talking about the past by arguing that his administration "  showed the importance of policy . " "  We can do this again , " he said to a room full of Hillary Clinton fans .	Bill Clinton suggests that Barack Obama 's decision to hold off on immigration reform hurt Democrats with Hispanic voters Fall in Hispanic turnout came "  perhaps because the President did n't issue the immigration order " "  The people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us , " Clinton says His remarks come at a weekend retrospective on his administration
CNN  -- If a grown man likes to dress up and pretend he 's a Nazi killer , is that a problem ? One candidate in America 's upcoming Congressional elections acknowledges the satisfaction he gets from historical re-enactments , drawing attention to both a strange subculture and a surprising twist in Republican Party politics . "  The whole purpose of re-enacting is educating people , " Rich Iott , a Republican candidate in the state of Ohio said this week . "  This is just another way to communicate a story and keep alive the history of World War Two . " The history of World War Two is just one of several conflicts that Iott says he helped imitate as costume-drama he could enjoy with his son . In that role , he assumed the identity of "  Reinhard Pferdmann , " a fictitious member of a real division of the Waffen SS , the armed wing of the Nazi Party . Iott 's adopted unit was accused of war crimes and once included infamous sadist Joseph Mengele in its ranks . Though re-enactments are fairly common in America , this kind of Nazi playtime is an unusual way for am American parent to raise a child . Republican Eric Cantor , a Jewish lawmaker who is one of the party 's most powerful members of Congress , quickly condemned it . "  I would absolutely repudiate that and not support an individual who would do something like that , " Cantor said . Military re-enactment is , to be sure , a popular hobby that appeals to people far beyond American borders . British history buffs re-fight wars of the 17th century . Russian enthusiasts stage the 1812 Battle of Borodino every year , predictably punishing Napoleon every time .  One of them fired the blanks in his gunpowder pistol close enough to CNN correspondent Ivan Watson to damage his hearing  . But re-enactment may be most popular in the U.S. , where devotees gather just about every weekend with the distinctive weapons and garb of the Civil War , enjoying or ignoring the gaze of quizzical onlookers on the sidelines . A lot of Americans are watching from the sidelines now because Iott , an Ohio businessman making his first attempt at elected office , has joined a growing list of candidates with surprises swirling around them . Several of them are favorites of the Tea Party , an anti-incumbent insurgency that is growing , mostly among Republicans . It is precisely because the Tea Party supports new , untested candidates that some of them have startled the public . Senate hopeful Christine O'Donnell is a self-described religious conservative who acknowledged that she once "  dabbled in witchcraft . " She is now broadcasting advertisements with an unusual campaign pitch : "  I am not a witch . " Carl Paladino , a candidate for governor of New York state , was quickly dubbed "  Crazy Carl " in the press for intemperate outbursts and the angry tone of his campaign . He publicly threatened to "  take out " a troublesome reporter , using colorful slang to suggest physical assault or worse . But Democrats have nominated a strange candidate of their own : an unemployed and previously unknown figure named Alvin Greene , the party 's nominee for the U.S. Senate in South Carolina , whose most remarkable attribute is that he is being prosecuted on pornography charges . They 're the kind of personalities that pop up in American public life from time to time , making the U.S. seem as much an oversized circus as a super-power . You never have to wait long for the next memorable performance . But there are limits to what the audience will accept . America 's Conservatives really are conservative after all , and its Liberals invented a concept called "  Political Correctness " to set their own standards for appropriate talk and behavior . This is a testy time in American life , with all kinds of candidates emerging to express discontent with the country 's political class . One of them is denying she was ever really involved in the occult . Another is trying to distance himself from some dirty pictures . Now that we 've been introduced to an unapologetic Nazi imitator , you can only wonder who 's next .	Rich Iott , a Republican candidate in Ohio , dresses as an Waffen SS officer for historical re-enactments Mann : He joins a growing list of mid-term candidates with surprises swirling around them Christine O'Donnell says she once "  dabbled in witchcraft ; Carl Paladino , has become known for intemperate outbursts Mann : Personalities make the U.S. seem as much an oversized circus as a super-power
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli police arrested two suspects Saturday in connection to a deadly wildfire raging in the country 's north , though a police spokesman said it appears the fires started out of negligence . The fires have killed 41 and injured 17 others . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the suspects are being questioned at a local police station but police now believe the fires were due to negligence rather than arson . As the police probe unfolded , firefighters continued to battle three major blazes fueled by shifting winds . The fire , the worst in Israel 's history , is still not under control , Rosenfeld said . The flames spread over 10,000 acres around Haifa , Israel 's third largest city , threatening businesses , tourism and one of Israel 's greenest regions , Mount Carmel . "  If you look over the hills at Haifa , you can see smoke billowing over the sea , " said Rosenfeld , adding that the winds have forced authorities to close down roads to the coastal area . About 17,000 people have been evacuated , but residential areas are not under threat , he said . On Saturday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu referred to the help Israel received from other nations , including Egypt , Turkey and Jordan , as "  heartwarming , " the Jerusalem Post reported . "  One thing is clear , the Israeli people are standing together and many , many countries are together with Israel . This is no small thing , " Netanyahu said during a press conference . "  This is surely a point of light in this our festival of lights Hanukkah , " he said . Israeli 's military noted in a statement Saturday that firefighters from Bulgaria and Greece had joined Israeli personnel on the blaze 's frontlines . Netanyahu 's office said that so far , several nations have committed 10 airplanes and three helicopters to help Israel fight the raging fire , including four from Greece , one from Cyprus , two from Turkey , two from Russia and one from France . These are in addition to several Israel Defense Forces aircraft , including two to four charged with surveying the region from above . British Prime Minister David Cameron instructed the Royal Air Force to deploy two helicopters from Cyprus to help put out the fire , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Friday . Netanyahu spoke Saturday morning with the president of Switzerland to recruit additional air support , his office said . Five U.S. Defense Department aircraft will leave for Israel this weekend to help fight the fire . They include three C-130 firefighting aircraft from the U.S. Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard and two C-130s from the U.S. European Command , which will depart Ramstein Air Base in Germany carrying 20 tons of fire retardant , the U.S. Agency for International Development said . The agency said it has already chartered commercial aircraft to deliver 45 tons of fire retardant and 12,000 liters of foam to suppress the flames . A team of experts from the U.S. Forest Service 's Disaster Assistance Support Program is also heading to Israel , the agency said . Hague expressed his condolences to the families of the victims and to the thousands who have had to be evacuated because of the blaze . "  This tragedy is all the more sad as it comes as the Jewish community around the world celebrates Hanukkah , a time of hope and joy , " Hague said . "  The UK will continue to do whatever it can to help . " Two funerals took place Saturday after another eight were held Friday for those killed , Rosenfeld said . Most of the 41 victims were cadets in Israel 's prison service who arrived Thursday to help evacuate 500 inmates from the Damon prison near Haifa . Among the dead , 40 were apparently burned alive when their bus , traveling along a narrow mountain road , was engulfed by the fast-moving blaze , the Jerusalem Post reported . In an interview with the newspaper , a firefighter spokesman said the bus was gone in less than three minutes . "  The bus had no chance . They tried to escape but were burned alive , " the spokesman said . "  It was a horrific scene . " The IDF said the victims will be buried with full honors in military ceremonies . Israeli firefighter spokesman Yoram Levy said shifting 29 kph  18 mph  winds made the inferno harder to control as flames neared a neighborhood in Haifa , a major tourist destination on the northern coast . Built on the slopes of Mount Carmel about 50 miles north of Tel Aviv , Haifa 's metropolitan area is also host to historical sites that date to Biblical times . The fire has also threatened a sensitive ecological area near the Hai Bar nature reserve . Known as Mount Carmel 's "  Little Switzerland , " the reserve is home to a wildlife preservation project that seeks to bring back native species mentioned in the Old Testament . Though Israel is known for its military might , it has been criticized for failing to properly handle the blazes . CNN 's Paul Colsey contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefighters from Bulgaria , Greece among international forces aiding fight Fires , fueled by shifting winds , are still not under control Two suspects have been arrested The fire has killed 41 people and injured 17
Tikrit , Iraq  CNN  While Iraqi government and allied forces were on the defensive Friday in Ramadi , they remained on the offensive in Tirkit -- trying to win over not only the strategic city , but the hearts and minds of its nearby residents . Iraqi forces steadily bombarded the last part of Tikrit still controlled by ISIS , with fighting described by one wounded man as intense . Still , even as it fends off this assault , the militant group continues with its barbaric tactics . "  Yesterday , bodies floated down the  Tigris  River from the hospital , " said Saber Kraidi , an eight-year Iraqi military veteran . "  They were people from Tikrit executed by ISIS . " The Iraqi military is joined by some Sunni fighters and a predominantly Shiite militia , working together to retake the city best known to most Westerners as the hometown of former dictator Saddam Hussein . They are working on not just winning the battle , but securing the peace . Members of the Badr organization , a powerful Shiite armed group , handed out food and supplies Friday to residents of the Sunni village of Albu Safah , whose 30 families have been holed up the last 10 months amid the fighting . The village 's leader , Haji Jamid , said the Shiite fighters ' efforts were working . "  They 're good , " Jamid said . "  If someone is sick , they 'll take them to the doctor , even at 2 or 3 in the morning . "  If it were n't for them , ISIS would have slaughtered us . " In June , Tikrit fell to ISIS , which has conquered large areas of Iraq and Syria and claimed them as part of its Islamic caliphate . There have several attempts to take it back since then , all of them failures . The latest push began this month , involving around 30,000 fighters . By Thursday , the government controlled about 75 % of the besieged city , with about 150 holdout ISIS fighters controlling the rest , said Main Al-Kadhimi , commander of the Hashd Al-Shaabi militia . There was no independent confirmation of such a significant advance by the Iraqi forces . But they have been making progress in recent days . That includes gaining control of Tikrit Military Hospital , a few blocks south of the presidential palace , on Wednesday . The goal is that , if Iraqi and allied forces can take Tikrit , then they 'll have more realistic hope of similarly winning back Mosul -- a city that 's nearly 10 times bigger . Yet , even if ISIS is losing ground in Tikrit , that does n't mean it 's not a dangerous , destructive force elsewhere . Case in point is happening about 100 miles south of Tikrit in Ramadi , which the extremist group began assaulting on Wednesday . Faleh al-Issawi , deputy head of the Anbar provincial council , has said officials believe the Ramadi assault "  is an ISIS response to the Tikrit operation . " More than 40 Iraqi soldiers died when ISIS blew up the Iraqi army headquarters near Ramadi in Iraq 's western Anbar province , an Anbar provincial leader told CNN on Friday . ISIS fighters there dug a tunnel underneath the army headquarters and detonated hundreds of homemade bombs , Sabah Al-Karhout , the head of the Anbar Provincial Council , said Thursday . The headquarters are located in the Albu Diab area , just 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  north of Ramadi . Al-Karhout denied reports that the U.S.-led coalition had bombed the headquarters . So , too , did the U.S. government , with its Baghdad embassy stating Friday that no coalition aircraft were even in the area A statement released early Friday by the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS said the Iraqi security forces had successfully repelled the ISIS attack on Ramadi , despite coming under attack from several directions . "  The successful defense of Ramadi by Iraqi Security Forces is another example of their increasing ability to defeat Daesh in multiple locations and prevent the terrorist group from gaining ground , " said Lt. Gen. James L. Terry , the coalition force 's commander , using another name for ISIS . "  The ISF continues to hold terrain in some locations while making gains in others . " In an audio message posted Thursday , ISIS spokesman Abu Mohammed al Adnani called reports of victories by coalition members against the extremist group "  delusional and fake . " He spoke of the coalition 's use of fighter jets , heavy artillery and tanks , saying it is a "  nightmare and will go eventually . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported near Tikrit in Iraq . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Iraqi forces bombard the small part of Tikrit where ISIS fighters are holding out Sunni village leader lauds Shiite military : "  ISIS would have slaughtered us " if not for them Over 40 Iraqi soldiers killed when ISIS blew up the army HQ in Ramadi , an official says
CNN  -- The radio was going on about the space shuttle 's last mission . I 've never been a space person , but there was still something sad about it . America losing its step . No more space for us . Shuttle launches were like America 's homeroom . The whole country checked in . The whole business left me feeling wistful as my friend and I hurtled along in our own white craft drawing a line across the desert from Los Angeles to Las Vegas . A quarter of the way there : Tyvek flapping like flags in the wind . Half-built houses mark the edge of L.A. Metro . The high-water mark of the building boom . Halfway there : We stop in Barstow for cheeseburgers and Cokes . And then it was back into the Mojave Desert . Mountains the color of cocoa sticking up from the earth . The sun a French fry lamp on the side of my face . Guilt from leaving work early tugged on me like the air conditioner dragged on the car engine . Escape to Las Vegas . "  Lost Wages " my father used to call it . A pun pointed at the town 's gambling industry that now just as easily applies to its entire economy . The great recession walloped Vegas harder than most places . It was a subprime boomtown that is now the foreclosure capital of America . What 's Vegas like in a down economy ? Are there a few more sips left in the champagne bottle ? Yes . But it 's flat . When we arrived on the Las Vegas Strip , storm clouds were gathered around the Statue of Liberty replica . A double take confirmed that they were real . Rain in the desert , what were the odds ? A rhetorical question in any city but this one . The Strip . America 's Id . Visiting there is like stepping into mainstream television : common-denominator vulgarity that you ca n't keep your eyes off of . "  Pleasure " pumped into elephantine proportions . Like a basket containing the world 's largest gourd held by a woman with the world 's largest breasts . Do n't get me wrong , I like sex , gambling and tippling , but its hyper-commercialization brings me down . Like how passing a blown-up picture of a chili dog on a semi ruins your appetite instead of whetting it . In the belly of the MGM Grand parking lot we unload our bags . Parents walk by holding children . Slightly older children walk by holding suitcases of beer . Everyone tingles with anticipation . There is an optimism inherent in a clean hotel room at the beginning of a weekend . This will be my headquarters . I will hang my clothes here . This will be my desk . Las Vegas hotel stays carry an additional air of mischief . We 'll drink here before we go out . I will close the curtains so the sun does n't come in tomorrow . I 'll choose this bed because it 's closer to the door and God knows when I 'm coming back . We decided to walk over to the recently renovated Tropicana hotel and casino . In the postmodern Epcot Center that is Las Vegas , the Tropicana is Miami 's South Beach . The building 's handsome white gleam and jaunty retro sign held the promise of an excellent martini , and soon I was behind one the size of an office trash can . We were the only people at the bar ; 7 p.m. is a dead zone in summertime Vegas . All day long people attend pool parties . And then late at night they attend clubs . From 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. is reserved for showers , TV and energy drinks . Our booby prize was a video screen behind the bar showing an endlessly looping video of , well , boobs , and other body parts wrapped up in bathing suits and gyrating to music . Like songs that tell you how to dance , the decorations in Las Vegas are constantly showing you how you are supposed to behave . Later , while eating hamburgers at Hubert Keller 's "  Burger Bar , " we are surrounded by picture of hamburgers -- hamburgers that look much juicier and more appetizing than the ones we were eating . Hours of blackjack . In my back pocket I had a set of tips my father sent me . Do n't hit if the dealer has 3-6 and you have a bustable hand . If you 're dealt two aces always split them and then pray for tens , etc. . I withdrew $ 300 from the ATM and watched my pile go up and down for hours . Up . Down . Up . Down . I toggled from scotch to seltzer . Scotch . Seltzer . The dealers rotated . The fast one who prefers the ladies . The deliberate one who wordlessly guides the players . The efficient , emotionless machine who just deals , deals , deals . And then there was the ever-changing cast of players . The fat drunk tanktopper smoking a cigarette filter . Two Irish kids with gelled sea anemone hair . The chubby secretary who would scratch the table with her pink-painted fingernail every time she wanted a hit . And at one point in the night , superstar singer Michael Buble and his Argentine underwear-model wife sidle up to the table and do well until a crowd of squealing girls forms and he is forced to cash out . It 's 3:30 . Walk back to the room . A fight breaks out behind me . A girl lies legs-splayed on a flower planter in the lobby . A couple ruts next to the soda machine . A man lies face down in his own vomit . Prostitutes roam the floor looking for drunk prey . A topless guy smokes a cigarette in my elevator . As the door shuts and the elevator lifts , I can still hear the bingbinging clamor of America spending its energy-drink money on Texas hold 'em . In the morning it 's dim sum on Spring Mountain Road , Vegas ' version of Chinatown . Yes , the city has the skyline of New York and Paris , the canals of Venice and the pools of South Beach , but the real spin around the world happens in the neighborhoods that surround the Strip . About 22 % of Las Vegans are immigrants who were attracted by the low cost of living and the abundance of service jobs that do n't require a higher education . The city 's strip malls are an international food court . Eritrean and Chinese food . Mexican and Thai . We meet cabbies from Burma , Ethiopia , and the Philippines . This global village aspect of Vegas is one of the most exhilarating parts of the area and could be a draw unto itself . They could call it "  American Census 2050 . " From Vegas ' future to its past : Downtown . The city 's soul . Iconic Vegas . Neon and $ 9 prime rib specials . The home of old guard Vegas -- Binion 's , the Gold Spike and the Golden Nugget . There are $ 5 blackjack tables here and strawberry daiquiris with whipped cream . To draw some of the action back from the Strip , businesses chipped in and created the Fremont Street Experience , a barrel vault canopy 90 feet high and four blocks long . It shelters folks from the sun in the day and turns into a light show at night . People rappel under the canopy . Buskers perform there . Concerts play . It 's livened up the area , but it 's what has n't been done to the neighborhood that 's going to save it : The old gambling houses in this neighborhood just feel right . An old piece of America that has hung on . A symbol that there is life after a bubble . The next day we leave the greatest example of American excess and visit the greatest example of American restraint : Hoover Dam . There are only 3,485 days and counting of water left in Las Vegas , literally . The canyon surrounding Hoover Dam is the evidence . Its walls are chalk white where the water line used to be . You have to move your head forward toward your belly to see where the water line is now . I piss in one of the magnificent marble art deco restrooms that sit on top of the dam . The windows there provide a dramatic view of this modern wonder of the world . Nowhere in America today is a bathroom being built like this , nor will one be built in the near future . Unless , maybe , someone decides to open up a resort on the strip called "  America Then . " They could buy a mothballed space shuttle and hang it in the lobby .	Brendan Francis Newnam takes road trip to "  Lost Wages " Newnam : Vegas was a subprime boomtown that is now the foreclosure capital of America He samples Vegas ' hyper-commercial present , ethnic-tapestry future and iconic past Vegas : the image of American excess ; Hoover Dam : the image of American restraint
After promising a "  day of retribution " on YouTube , a heavily armed , mentally disturbed 22-year-old went on a killing spree in a California college town , authorities said . He fatally stabbed three men in his residence , shot two women to death in front of a sorority house , shot a man to death inside a deli , exchanged gunfire twice with police and injured 13 people as he drove from block to block , the Santa Barbara Sheriff 's Office said Saturday night . Elliot Rodger , 22 , ended the Friday night rampage near the University of California , Santa Barbara , apparently by fatally shooting himself in the head while sitting behind the wheel of his wrecked BMW , Sheriff Bill Brown said . Inside the car , police found three handguns -- all legally purchased -- and more than 400 rounds of unused ammunition , Brown said at a Saturday evening press conference . The suspect formerly was a student at Santa Barbara City College and lived in Isla Vista , where the rampage occurred . His father , Peter Rodger , works in the film industry and was the second unit assistant director on the first "  The Hunger Games " film , according to a spokeswoman for Lionsgate . The younger Rodger apparently telegraphed his intentions . The day before the rampage , he released a YouTube video entitled "  Retribution , " in which he rants about women who ignored or rejected him over the past eight years , "  since I hit puberty . " "  Tomorrow is the day of retribution , the day in which I will have my revenge , " he says on the video . "  You girls have never been attracted to me . I do n't know why you girls are n't attracted to me , but I will punish you all for it . " He specifically criticized sorority members . Rodger appears to have further chronicled his rage in a 140-page account of his life that begins with his birth and ends with what he describes as "  the Day of Retribution . " The document , titled "  My Twisted World , " was obtained by CNN affiliate KEYT . "  It was apparent he was very mentally disturbed , " Brown said . Transcript of the chilling video So disturbed that a family member asked law enforcement officers to check on his welfare April 30 , Brown said . They went to his residence , found Rodger "  polite and courteous , " and left , Brown said . The rampage left six dead and 13 hurt , with eight suffering gunshot wounds , four hit by the suspect 's vehicle and one suffering a minor injury "  of unknown origin , " Brown said . At the press conference , Dr. Stephen Kaminski , trauma services director for Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital , gave this account of 11 of the wounded : four treated and released , and seven transferred to Cottage Hospital . Of those seven , two were in good condition , three fair and two serious , he said . Brown provided this sequence to the violence , which occurred in a crowded area bustling with activity on Memorial Day weekend . The action covered so much ground that officers worked 12 different crime scenes . Spree apparently began with stabbings First , three men were "  repeatedly stabbed " and killed inside Rodger 's residence . They were n't identified . Next , members of the Alpha Phi sorority in Isla Vista reported hearing loud knocking on the front door for several minutes . Nobody answered . Several minutes later , witnesses saw three women in front of the sorority house shot by a man from across the street . Two were killed , one wounded . All were UC Santa Barbara students . Rodger drove his black BMW several blocks , went into a delicatessen and shot Christoper Martinez to death , officials said . Martinez was a UC Santa Barbara student . While driving around , sometimes on the wrong side of the street , Rodger shot at pedestrians on the sidewalk , authorities said . He encountered a sheriff 's deputy who was on foot and exchanged gunfire . He kept driving and hit a bicyclist , authorities said . He shot more pedestrians on the sidewalk . He encountered four deputies on foot near a park and they exchanged gunfire . Rodger may have been hit in the hip . He drove away at a high rate of speed and hit another cyclist , who tumbled over the car 's hood and hit the windshield . The BMW collided with other cars and came to a stop . Officers approached the car and found Rodger dead of a gunshot wound to the head . "  It would appear he took his own life , " Brown said . One family is speaking out in anger . Richard Martinez , father of Christopher Martinez , said to reporters . "  Chris died because of craven , irresponsible politicians and the NRA . They talk about gun rights , what about Chris ' right to live ? When will this insanity stop ? " A law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told CNN that Elliot Rodger passed the background check needed to buy the firearm used in the shooting . The official says nothing has been found in the gun trace to indicate Rodger should n't have qualified to buy a gun . Rodger had three previous contacts with authorities , the sheriff said . On July 21 , 2013 , he talked to officers at the hospital , saying he 'd been the victim of an assault . Officers thought he might have been the aggressor , Brown said . On January 15 , he called to complain a roommate had stolen three candles worth $ 22 . Rodger later made a citizen 's arrest on the roommate for petty theft and the case was referred to the district attorney for prosecution , Brown said . And , finally , the April 30 check at the request of a family member . Who 's the man behind the rampage A life-and-death situation The outburst of violence left students and residents stunned . Kyle Sullivan , 19 , a student at Santa Barbara City College , said he came upon three young women -- all shot -- on a lawn in front of the Alpha Phi sorority . One woman appeared to be dead . Another was struggling and "  just barely able to move her eyes , " he said . A third , with a kidney wound , was on the phone with her mother , saying she probably was n't going to make and "  how much she loved her , " Sullivan said . "  I really was n't able to sleep at all , " Sullivan told CNN . "  It was heartbreaking that something would happen in our community like this . " The names of those women have not not released . Alphi Phi posted on its Facebook page Saturday that "  all our members are safe . " Nikolaus Becker , a high school senior visiting Isla Vista , was eating a burger in a restaurant with friends . They heard pops and thought fireworks . Some students were doing homework . Not town 's first mass killing "  We were actually joking around about it , " he said of the crackling sound . "  People were riding their bikes around outside , and parties were still going on . " Then Becker and friends heard two more sets of bangs . Police were running . A speeding car -- moving at least 50 mph -- screeched around a corner . When Becker finally went outside a half hour later , he saw body bags on the street . One victim , Nick Pasichuke , told CNN he was struck by the gunman 's car . "  There are six other people currently hospitalized with me right now . ... There was a guy driving a BMW . I was on a long board and he aimed his car at our group of friends and gunned it into us . I have two broken legs and need surgery . The police said I flew roughly 50 feet into a busy intersection . This is all so crazy . " Ian Papa said he was inches away on the street when the gunman 's car sped up and struck two bicyclists . "  It happened so fast , " he said . "  I had no time to react . I jumped on the sidewalk and I see a man on a BMW , his body inside the windshield and glass broken everywhere ... I almost wanted to break into tears . It was a life and death situation . Gunman talked to victims The violence began and ended within minutes , from 9:27 p.m. when shots were reported to around 10 minutes later when police discovered the body of the suspected gunman , CNN affiliate KEYT-TV said . Authorities said there were nine separate crime scenes . U.S. law enforcement officials said the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and FBI were assisting local police in the investigation , including trying to trace the handgun used and where the suspect obtained it . Agents were on the scene to offer firearms expertise in tracing all details about the weapon using ATF 's National Integrated Ballistic Information Network , according to the agency . Worst U.S. mass shootings KEYT reporter John Palminteri told CNN that some witnesses reported hearing the gunman talk to some of his victims as he fired . Outside a 7-11 convenience store , he said , workers came out amid the gunfire to pull to safety a girl who had been shot in the leg . Beachfront college town of Isla Vista has seen mass killing before ` No words to express the sadness ' In a statement on its website Saturday , UC Santa Barbara said several students were taken to local hospitals after the shooting . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to the family and friends of those affected , " the statement said . Santa Barbara City College also reacted Saturday . "  There are no words to express the sadness we have for the victims and their families and for all the residents of Isla Vista , " the statement said . "  We know our students co-mingle with UCSB students and Isla Vista residents as part of our greater community and we all , as an extended family , are impacted by this unimaginable event . " Elliot Rodger 's family also gave their condolences , spoken through their attorney : "  The Rodger 's family offers their deepest compassion and sympathy to the families involved in this terrible tragedy . We are experiencing the most inconceivable pain and our hearts go out to everybody involved . " Transcript of Elliot Rodger ` Retribution ' video	Man with three handguns and a car killed 6 , injured 13 , authorities said "  Tomorrow is the day of retribution , " Elliot Rodger said in a video Rampage occurred near the University of California , Santa Barbara "  He aimed his car at our group of friends and gunned it into us , " victim says
CNN  -- Veronica Lon Pantaleon Mendoza said it was her son 's pleas that finally led her to quit work . The 37-year-old from San Juan City in the Philippines went back to work three months after her son , now 14 , was born and worked as a marketing executive for more than five years . "  My office was in another city , " she writes on iReport . "  I 'd need to beat the traffic ; leave home very early while my son was still sleeping ; travel home during rush hour and arrive home late at night when he  was still asleep  . " "  A nanny took care of him . We had a maid . I would describe myself then as more of a career woman than a mom . " But , eventually , she remembers , her son started asking why he did n't see his mom very often . See also : If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? "  That 's all it took , " she said . "  I resigned from work and started to spend more time with him . " Mendoza has now started a second career . When she became pregnant again , she decided to work from home as an online English teacher . "  I planned , acted on it and learned how to make it work , " she said . Adapt , compromise and communicate is her advice to other mothers . Mendoza is one of many who responded with their own experiences to the news that new Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is expecting a baby in October . In a Fortune article announcing the news Tuesday , the 37-year-old said : "  My maternity leave will be a few weeks long and I 'll work throughout it . " Mayer 's comments have re-ignited the perennial debate around how working mothers can balance motherhood with their careers -- can women really have it all ? A CNN story published Wednesday , asked just that question : "  If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? " It prompted comments showing a variety of standpoints on the subject . As the piece mentions , Mayer is not your typical working mother and some of you echoed that , saying that because of her success , Mayer is n't a useful role model for the average person . See also : Want more female execs ? Sort out the household chores "  Using Marissa Mayer is not a good comparison to regular working moms , " wrote Hamsamich . "  With her millions , she can have a nursery built next to her office , and  have it  staffed with a full-time nanny . " But many of you chimed in , saying that no matter what a woman 's wealth or success "  having it all " is a myth . "  It is impossible to have it all , " writes James330i . "  The ideal parent is at home watching the baby grow up . The ideal CEO spends the majority of time watching the company grow . "  To have it all would mean finding a job requiring 4hrs a day of work and the rest being a parent . " Rmercat agrees : "  You can not be something for everyone , and be there all the time . Something at some point will have to give . "  This is n't necessarily a bad thing -- but people need to stop fooling themselves when they believe you can be in a board meeting and at the preschool play at the same time . " Pghgirl thinks that high-achieving women put pressure on others : "  It 's  a shame that women and men who want to stay home with their children have to feel pressured by society to be superwoman like this chick . " Spoddney thinks that the solution to the issue lies in legislation : "  When will the U.S. get with the program  I 'm Professor of Medicine in Australia but worked ... in Boston for 3 years  ... Australia is much more working mum friendly and flexible than the U.S. " On Twitter , a debate sprang up on Twitter around the hashtag #havingitall . Krista Laursen noted that the "  Debate about #havingitall needs to recognize each woman has a different definition of all . Trick is to want and appreciate what you have . " While Jess Pelaez came back with a challenge : There 's no such thing as #havingitall , regardless of gender . Remember , anything worth doing is difficult . What 's stopping you ? " U.S. academic and former State Department director of policy planning -- the first woman in the job -- who recently wrote a piece for The Atlantic on the subject described women who make it into top jobs as "  genuine superwomen " and points out that many of them do n't have families . She tweeted this Tuesday : "  Bottom line : We shd cheer 4 all women who make it to the top . But that 's not enough 4 real equality . Need better choices . #havingitall " This debate is n't going away . Share your experiences in the comments below or upload in iReport .	News that Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is pregnant re-ignited work and motherhood debate You have shared your experiences in CNN stories , on Facebook , Twitter and iReport Here 's a snapshot of your thoughts on "  having it all "
CNN  -- If your gift list this year includes gadget-obsessed early adopters who love snatching up the latest electronics , you 're in luck . Why not give them an iArm -- an adjustable forearm mount that will let them fiddle with their smartphone , laptop and tablet computer all at the same time ? Or for the e-geek on the go , consider the iDrive . Because , let 's be honest , we all need a steering-wheel mount to help play with our tablets and e-readers while we 're driving .  What could go wrong ? Sound ridiculous ? Well , sure . But these gag products may at least let you fool your family and friends for a few seconds . Graphic designer Arik Nordby said he got the idea for Prank Pack when his nephew received a video-game console cruelly hidden inside a coffee-maker box . "  Being a good kid , he pretended to be excited for a little bit . There was this awkward moment , " Nordby said . "  It kind of stuck in my head -- why do n't we do this for adults ? " And thus was Prank Pack born . Nordby teamed up with some staffers at humor site The Onion , a handful of whom now work with him at 30 Watt , his graphics company based in Minneappolis . The idea is to hide a real gift inside the real-looking , if remarkably silly , packaging for the fake gifts . Some of the tech-inspired bogus products bear a resemblance to those from a certain gadget-making powerhouse  note the lowercase "  i " if you 're confused  . Nordby concedes that 's no accident . "  I am a sucker for anything with an ` i ' in front of it , " he said . "  After using Apple products for over 20 years , it 's safe to say they own a large section of my brain . " In addition to the aforementioned "  i " items , other Prank Packs include ToeTunes , or bedroom slippers with built-in speakers , and PetPetter , an electronic armlike contraption that will , yes , pet your dog or cat for you . The tag line on the box reads , "  Never touch your pets again ! " For more options , The Onion offers its own "  Decoy Gift Boxes . " Among them is the iFeast , a combination feeding bowl/iPod dock so your pet can rock out while chowing down . At $ 8 each or three for $ 20 , Nordby said he 's seen sales roughly double every year for seven years . The packs are sold at Bed Bath & Beyond and numerous online retailers , including Think Geek . He 's no economist , but Nordby said his growing success has to say something about the retail climate this holiday season . "  We like to say it 's a good economic indicator when people are willing to pay for empty boxes , " he said .	Fool your gadget-obsessed friends with the iArm or iDrive from Prank Pack The growing gag-gift box company has a decidedly techie feel Founder says he got idea when his nephew got video-game console in coffee-maker box
New York  CNN  -- Like so many other people of my generation , John Lennon and the Beatles made an indelible stamp on my life . The very first piece of vinyl I actually owned -- and had n't borrowed from my older brother -- was the album "  Help ! " To this day , I can remember at the age of 8 dropping the needle on the disc and hearing Lennon 's voice roar through the 10-inch speaker on my record player . The Beatles had a profound influence on me . They 're the reason why I picked up a guitar , formed a band at age 11 and dreamed of a life as a rock star . Fast-forward 16 years to December 8 , 1980 . At the time , I was a music journalist for City TV in Toronto , Canada , hosting "  The New Music " program . Just a couple of weeks earlier , we had reported on Lennon 's comeback with the album "  Double Fantasy , " which marked his re-emergence after five years out of the music business as a self-proclaimed "  househusband . " We were actively working with his record company , trying to set up an interview for a future edition of the program . I was not far from my 24th birthday when the telephone rang on that December day around 11:30 p.m. . It was my executive producer , John Martin . "  Lennon has been shot , "  he said , "  and we need to do a special . " Tell us where you were when Lennon died It was one of those moments where time seems to slow down and the mind considers a hundred questions before finally settling on the truth : How could he have been shot ? Are the reports mistaken ? Who would do such a thing ? How could we lose such a pop culture icon ? Did n't he just turn 40 ? Did n't he have a young son ? Did n't he have security ? Will I wake up and this will all have been just a dream ? We gathered that night in our offices to sift through the material that we had : old Beatles footage , a Lennon documentary that my producer shot years earlier , and the famous D.A. Pennebaker film . We collected the names of friends , collaborators and other acquaintances who could help us tell the Lennon story . A day or two later , City TV aired a live broadcast of a memorial to Lennon at Nathan Phillips Square in front of Toronto 's City Hall . Canada had a rich history with Lennon : It was there that he made his post-Beatles debut with the Plastic Ono Band in 1969 and staged his famous North American bed-in in Montreal . Next Wednesday marks 30 years since Lennon 's murder . His killer , Mark David Chapman , 55 , is still serving his prison sentence of 20 years to life at the maximum-security Attica Correctional Facility in upstate New York . He will stay there for at least another two years as he was just denied parole for the sixth time . This weekend , CNN will examine the events leading up to Lennon 's killing . Chapman and his wife , Gloria Abe , describe the murder in rare audio recordings that will debut on CNN 's "  Losing Lennon : Countdown To Murder . " Chapman 's childhood friends reveal an obsessive idolization of Lennon that later turned to hatred . His wife talks about how she knew that her husband planned to kill Lennon and explains why she did n't warn anyone . The impact of Lennon 's death still reverberates today . Several tribute concerts and ceremonies started in October , when Lennon would have turned 70 , and have carried on since . This year , Lennon 's widow , Yoko Ono , revived the Plastic Ono Band with current rock stars including Lady Gaga . Ono told Rolling Stone she believes this rekindling of interest in Lennon "  has to do with the social climate , with wanting some of John 's energy , power and conviction . " Lennon 's profound influence on music and musicians continues to this day . Marc Roberge , the lead singer of alt-rockers O.A.R. , was not even 2 years old when Lennon was killed . Roberge penned the recent song "  Dakota " after stopping by Lennon 's old apartment building with his wife . He was so taken with the images that came to mind as he looked into the entranceway where Lennon was shot that he walked across Central Park West , sat down on a park bench and penned these lyrics : Outside the archway lies a thief , awaiting Double Fantasy He 's something evil underneath Outside Dakota died the symphony "  I watched and I tried to imagine this going down , " Roberge told me . "  And then I tried to imagine what if it never happened , and that 's really the question of the song : ` If you just kept walking on your way . ' I mean , would the world be different ? And I think the world would be better . " Like Roberge , I 've often wondered what would have happened had Lennon not been murdered . Would the world have been a better place ? There 's certainly every possibility that his commitment to peace would have added something substantive to the global conversation . At the very least , we would have had years more of great music and performance from a man who was truly an artistic genius . Watch American Morning weekdays 6am to 9am ET . For the latest from American Morning click here .	CNN 's John Roberts is the anchor of "  American Morning " He recalls learning of Lennon 's death as a music journalist in Canada This week marks the 30th anniversary of Lennon 's slaying
CNN  -- The NFL referees union formally ratified Saturday a contract with the league that had been agreed upon earlier this week . The approval marks an official end to the lockout , said spokesman Greg Aiello of the National Football League . Even before the formal vote , the officials returned to work in Thursday night 's game in Baltimore between the Ravens and the Cleveland Browns . The Ravens won , 23-16 . The new eight-year contract -- the longest ever for officials , according to the NFL -- gives the union referees a pay bump from $ 149,000 a year in 2011 to $ 173,000 in 2013 . The pay will rise to $ 205,000 by 2019 . Real refs return to cheers The agreement keeps their pension program in place for five years . The contract allows the NFL to hire some officials on a year-round basis and hire additional referees so they can be trained . This season 's use of replacement referees climaxed in a furor over a botched call that allowed the Seattle Seahawks to walk away with a 14-12 victory against the Green Bay Packers in a nationally televised game Monday night . In what became a widely mocked symbol of the quality of officiating by the replacements , a photo from that game shows two officials in the end zone displaying competing signals : one indicating a touchdown , the other an interception . The result generated intense and immediate criticism of the league . Even President Barack Obama weighed in Tuesday urging a quick resolution . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama was "  very pleased " with the preliminary resolution . For NFL officials , it 's a side job that requires a lot of work Commissioner Roger Goodell said he was not surprised by the outcry about the Monday night game . The league acknowledged Tuesday that the Packers should have won , but allowed the result of the game to stand . The return of the league 's regular referees wo n't put an end to controversial calls , said retired NFL player Tiki Barber . But it will raise the respect level between coaches and players and officials , Barber said . "  There 's still going to be arguing with referees , " he said . "  They 're still going to make bad calls . But now we 're going to know that it 's coming from a base of knowledge . These guys know what they 're talking about and they 're going to have an argument for why they do what they do on the field . " Lessons for NFL fans CNN 's Jason Durand and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NFL referees already returned to work in Thursday night 's game Saturday 's ratification was a formality , establishing an eight-year contract , the longest ever Union refs ' salary will rise : $ 149k in 2001 to $ 173k in 2013 , topping out at $ 205k by 2019 The league will be allowed to hire additional referees so that they can be trained
New York  CNN  -- Three of the five men wrongly convicted in the horrific beating and rape of a female jogger in Central Park in 1989 said Friday that a $ 40 million settlement with New York City can not begin to replace all they lost . Surrounded by relatives , attorneys and community activists , the three men spoke at an emotional news conference on the steps of City Hall one day after the city comptroller announced the approval of a settlement in their civil rights lawsuit . They spoke of the degradation of being caught up as teenagers in one of New York 's most notorious crimes , of watching their youthful dreams swept away forever in a sensational case that split the city along racial lines . "  You all do n't really understand what we went through , " said a tearful Kevin Richardson , who served about seven years in prison for a crime he did not commit . "  You tried to dehumanize us ... but we 're still here . We 're strong . Nobody gave us a chance except the people that believed in us . People called us animals , a wolf pack ... It still hurts me emotionally . " He added , "  Now it feels great to have a voice ... All we wanted to tell you all was that we did n't do it . " The settlement still has to be approved by Judge Deborah Batts of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan , where the men filed their lawsuit . City Comptroller Scott Stringer on Thursday said the settlement was "  a prudent and equitable solution for all parties to the lawsuit and closes a very difficult chapter in our City 's history . " The settlement marks the end of a dark episode for the city , the close of case that became emblematic of rampant lawlessness . Five minority teenagers , who became known as the Central Park Five , were convicted in 1990 . They were later exonerated after authorities agreed with their claims that they were coerced into making incriminating statements . "  I wake up every morning and put the gloves on and still want to fight because my childhood was taken from me , " said Raymond Santana . Jr. , who also served about seven years in prison . "  The opportunity to become a productive man was taken and instead you gave me prison . " He added , "  Today 's supposed to be a joyful celebration and again I want to put the gloves back on . I do n't know how to take them off . All I know how to do is ... speak against injustice and fight for somebody else who has been wrongfully convicted . It was n't about the money . It was about the closure . It was about 12 years the city saying we 're guilty . " The agreement between the city law department and the five men -- who served between seven and 13 years in prison -- averages about $ 1 million per year of incarceration , a source with knowledge of the settlement told CNN last week . One of the men , Kharey Wise , served 13 years in prison . Two others -- Yusef Salaam and Antron McCray -- each served about seven years . Wise and McCray did not attend Friday 's news conference . "  I do n't know if I truly believe that this day would happen , " Salaam told reporters . Jonathan Moore , an attorney who represented the men , said the judge was expected to sign off on the settlement within two weeks . "  It 's a significant amount of money that represents ... an understanding by the city and by the people involved in this case that something wrong happened back in April of 1989 and they 'll never admit it , " he said . "  They should , if they ever want to cleanse their soul , but they 'll never admit the reality of what they did . " On April 19 , 1989 , a 28-year-old white Wall Street investment banker jogging through Central Park was raped , viciously beaten and left for dead . She would have no memory of the attack . That same night , a group of black and Latino youths had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars and assaulting people in a practice the media and law enforcement at the time called "  wilding . " An investigation led to the arrest of five teens who were accused of rampaging through the park in a "  wolf pack " and preying on innocent victims . They were charged and convicted . "  If they had their way , " Salaam told CNN in 2012 , "  we would have been hanging from one of those lovely trees here in Central Park . " The victim , Trisha Meili , kept her identity hidden for 14 years until the publication of her book , "  I Am the Central Park Jogger . " "  I guess there are lots of theories out there but I just do n't know and it 's almost too confusing for me to understand , " she told CNN in 2003 , referring to the false confessions given by the five men . "  I 've had to come to peace with it by saying : ` You know what ? I 'm just not going to know . ' " Three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer in 2001 confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes was the perpetrator of the rape , and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match .	Three of five men wrongfully convicted in Central Park rape speak of loss The 1989 crime polarized New York City along racial lines , and sent the five to prison In 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone A tearful Kevin Richardson says , "  All we wanted to tell you all was that we did n't do it "
CNN  -- Northwest Airlines violated more than 1,000 Federal Aviation Administration safety directives , the U.S. Office of Special Counsel has found , substantiating complaints of an FAA whistleblower . Northwest , now merged with Delta Airlines , engaged in "  systemic non-compliance with FAA Airworthiness Directives , " the investigation concluded , referring to government rules designed to remedy an unsafe or potentially unsafe condition . "  Despite Northwest 's history of Airworthiness Directive non-compliance , " the Office of Special Counsel said , "  FAA inspectors continued to work collaboratively with Northwest to resolve deficiencies , and closing enforcement cases primarily by issuing letters of correction rather than seeking civil penalties . " Whistleblower Mark Lund of the FAA 's former Northwest inspection office in Bloomington , Minnesota , alleged that the carrier did not have adequate policies and procedures in place in 2008 to ensure compliance with safety regulations . "  The investigation substantiated Mr. Lund 's allegations , " wrote Associate Special Counsel William Reukauf in a letter to President Barack Obama . In response to the findings , FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt has established a review team to oversee the carrier 's compliance . The FAA also proposed disciplinary action against two Northwest managers . The FAA released a statement Thursday saying that the agency "  has taken corrective action on the issues identified in the whistleblower complaint and is continuing to monitor compliance . "	A federal investigation finds Northwest Airlines violated FAA safety directives The investigation by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel corroborates a whistleblower The whistleblower alleged the carrier did not have adequate policies and procedures
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama wished the nation a happy Thanksgiving on Thursday and also used his weekly address to renew his call for bipartisan cooperation on addressing major issues facing the nation . In the remarks usually delivered on a Saturday , Obama said the first family will have the same kind of holiday experienced by millions of Americans -- filled with friends and relatives , good food and football . "  And just as folks have done in every Thanksgiving since the first , we 'll spend some time taking stock of what we 're thankful for : the God-given bounty of America and the blessings of one another , " the president said . The White House menu Thursday featured traditional Thanksgiving fare , including turkey , ham , two kinds of stuffing , sweet potatoes , mashed potatoes and pumpkin pie , along with macaroni and cheese , greens and five other kinds of pie . Obama called for Americans to think about those less fortunate and saluted the "  countless " Americans serving their country and communities , from soldiers on guard around the world to volunteers at local soup kitchens and food pantries . On Thursday morning , Obama called 10 members of the military -- two from each the Army , Air Force , Coast Guard , Marine Corps and Navy -- deployed in the U.S. operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , the White House said . The president "  thanked each of them for their service and sacrifice and wished them and their families a Happy Thanksgiving , " the White House statement said . The day before , the first family spent an hour handing out Thanksgiving dinner packages to people at Martha 's Table , a local aid organization . Such service is "  emblematic of what Americans have always done , " Obama said in his weekly address . "  We come together and do what 's required to make tomorrow better than today , " he said . "  That 's who we are . " That means supporting the nation 's soldiers and working together to help spur faster economic recovery from the recession , he said . "  But we wo n't do it as any one political party , " he said . "  We 've got to do it as one people . And in the coming weeks and months , I hope that we can work together , Democrats and Republicans and independents alike , to make progress on these and other issues . " Noting his scheduled meeting Tuesday with congressional leaders from both parties , Obama said it was time for "  a real and honest discussion , because I believe that if we stop talking at one another and start talking with one another , we can get a lot done . " "  For what we are called to do again today is n't about Democrats or Republicans , " he said . "  It 's not about left or right . It 's about us . It 's about what we know this country is capable of . It 's about what we want America to be in this new century . "	NEW : President Obama calls troops on Thanksgiving The president uses his weekly address to wish Americans a happy Thanksgiving Obama calls the holiday one of counting blessings and helping others The first family helped distribute Thanksgiving food packages Wednesday
CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Saturday quarantined an international flight in New Jersey after a passenger became ill on the plane , authorities said . United Airlines Flight 998 from Brussels , Belgium , touched down at Newark Liberty International Airport at 12:15 p.m. CDC quarantine officers met the plane after one of the 255 passengers was vomiting on the flight , officials said . The passengers were released at 1:50 p.m. and permitted to go through customs , said Erica Dumas , a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesperson . The sick passenger and his daughter were taken to a hospital for evaluation . Passengers said it took another two hours to clear customs and retrieve their luggage . The incident comes amid heightened concerns after Thomas Eric Duncan , who had recently arrived from Liberia , on Tuesday was confirmed as the first case of the deadly Ebola virus diagnosed on American soil . Duncan arrived in the United States after a connection in Brussels . The possibility of a new case was knocked down later Saturday by the New Jersey Department of Health . In a statement , it said that University Hospital "  in coordination with federal , state and local public health officials evaluated two individuals who arrived " Saturday afternoon . "  The symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another , minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola , " the health department said . "  The second individual , who was traveling with the patient , was asymptomatic . " The health department said that both passengers will be let go and "  self-monitoring , " meaning they 'll be in charge of gauging their health . This statement appears to close the book on this situation , from the health department 's perspective . But it was a very different story just a few hours earlier . CDC officials removed the man and his daughter while other passengers remained on board . The two passengers were escorted by CDC officials in hazmat gear . Dumas said the response was standard procedure with sick passengers , but it was unclear how long the protocol has been in place . "  They were wearing masks and gloves on the plane , " said a passenger from Paris who identified himself only as Chris . They came with whole suits like you see on TV everyday in Africa . " Passenger Rich Burchett told CNN he was sitting next to the sick man . "  He nudged me and asked me to get the flight attendant , " Burchett said . The man told him , "  I need a flight attendant . My eyes are floating . I 've never felt this way before . They hurt . " According to Burchett , a flight attendant asked the man where he was traveling from . He responded : Liberia . "  Immediately they both left and some time passed and they came back and asked him for his name , " Burchett said of the flight attendants . "  He handed them his passport . They came back with white masks and asked -LSB- the man and his daughter -RSB- to put them on . " The sick passenger and the girl were taken to the back of the plane , Burchett said . The plane landed about an hour and a half later . An announcement was made about a sick passenger . People were asked to stay in their seats . More than an hour passed . "  They told us they were waiting on the CDC and everyone realized the gravity of the situation , " Burchett said . Nearly two hours after the flight landed , Burchett said , an announcement was made : "  Everyone can leave . He is not contagious . " Passengers were given forms to fill out so that the CDC can follow up with them . They were handed an information sheet with Ebola symptoms . "  We did get an announcement from a representative of the CDC that we were held as an abundance of caution , " Burchett said . Burchett and other passengers were critical of the response . "  My concern is , if this were something that were highly contagious , we did not seem to have a very good reaction plan , " he said . "  We seemed very uncoordinated at the airport . I hope we learn from it . " Passenger Henry Costa , a talk show host from Monrovia , Libreria , said the man did not initially show signs of illness . "  He did n't seem sick and then all of sudden I saw them taking him out , " he recalled . "  He looked strong but they say he was vomiting . " Costa said he had spoken with the man and his daughter before the flight left Liberia . "  He was lively , " Costa said . "  His daughter was very inquisitive . She asked so many questions . Apparently , it was her first time flying . " The man and his daughter were taken to University Hospital , where the emergency room will not accept anyone else for four hours , CNN affiliate WABC reported . In a statement this week , the CDC said quarantine inspectors meet arriving aircraft and ships reporting ill passengers or crew to assist them in getting appropriate medical treatment . The agency CDC has a network of quarantine stations at 20 ports of entry and land-border crossings . "  If the flight crew of a commercial aircraft arriving in the U.S. becomes aware of an ill person on board which may include a person with Ebola symptoms , the captain is required required by law ... to report the illness to the nearest U.S. Quarantine Station , who will arrange the appropriate medical response at the flight 's destination airport , " the statement said . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? On Saturday , CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden addressed the growing concerns about the deadly disease . "  We have already gotten well over 100 inquiries of possible patients , " Frieden told reporters . "  We 've assessed every one of those ... and just this one patient has tested positive ... We expect that we will see more rumors or concerns or possibilities of cases , until there is a positive laboratory test , that is what they are . " How the Ebola virus spreads CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Greg Botelho , John Bonifield , Jennifer Bixler , Shimon Prokupecz , Jennifer Henderson , Christina Alesci and Daniel Verello contributed to this report .	Health department : Passenger had "  minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola " CDC quarantines international flight in New Jersey after a passenger became ill Sick passenger and his daughter were taken to a hospital for evaluation Incident comes amid heightened concerns after first case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S.
The rollout of the federal Obamacare website has been a disaster , full stop . There can be no excuses , nor will I be making any . It 's been clear for years what needed to be done , and failing was not an option . The exchanges , and the website that allowed access to them , had to work , and they just do not . I wrote a week or two ago that the initial problems with the HealthCare.gov website appeared to be because of volume issues . That could be spun as either a positive or negative thing . But it now seems that the surge was not the cause of the malfunctions . After the first weekend , when the administration added additional capacity to the servers , the issues did n't go away . What are they ? I wish I could say for sure . But some good reports have come out that detail just a few of the problems . Have you had trouble signing up ? Tell us your experience The first appears to be that the administration decided that people would need to provide a significant amount of personal detail to look at coverage options . I can attest to this first-hand . I have insurance through my work , so I do n't need exchange coverage , but I was still interested in looking at what was available . I had to provide a lot of information , about my job and family , before I could do so . It 's possible that this was because administrators wanted to be able to provide subsidy information to people with the premium costs , so as to soften the blow of how expensive insurance could be , but no one knows for sure . Regardless , this complicated things significantly . But that 's just the front end . The back end is also a real problem . Insurance companies are reporting that the data they are receiving from the HealthCare.gov website is garbled . This means that automatic processing of the insurance plans being ordered is impossible . Oddly enough , the problems on the front end are actually helping here . So few orders are actually making it through that insurance companies are able to sort through the bad data by hand to complete enrollment . But if things improve on the front end , then there 's no way these companies can do millions of applications without good data . The administration is bragging that upwards of half a million applications have started . Shockingly few of them have been completed , though . The front end has a number of steps , including submitting your information , assessing for eligibility and then shopping for insurance . The number being cited by the administration refers only to people who have completed the first step . There are people who believe that government can never do things as well as the private sector . I 'm not one of those people . But in this specific instance , those people have a point . Evidently , those in charge of the rollout of the exchange website were unprepared . They did n't have the necessary experience to manage the more than 50 different contractors producing software independently that would eventually need to function together as a whole . This is incredibly technical work , and it 's not clear that government was in a good position to direct things here . It appears that the Obama administration has learned its lesson . Administration officials are now calling in "  more computer experts " to try and fix the problem . But this may be too little , too late . Some are saying that even if the administration pours in massive resources , the problems may not be fixed by December 15 , the deadline for when insurance needs to be bought for it to be covering people on January 1 . Even if the administration can get this done within a month , some in the insurance industry are concerned that these issues may act as a filter to dissuade healthy people from getting insurance . If it 's really , really hard to complete an application , then only truly ill people may have the perseverance to do so . That could lead to problems in the pool of people signing up for insurance . The administration needs healthy people to buy insurance , too , for the exchanges to function optimally If we were talking about a company having mismanaged things so badly , you could be sure that heads would roll . Many would be fired , and there would be a change in management . But that may not be possible here . Were Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to go , President Barack Obama could n't get someone else vetted and through the Senate nomination process in an expedient manner . He 's likely stuck with his current team , or no team at all . That does n't mean Obamacare will fail . It 's still possible that this could all be fixed . It 's also possible that should significant issues continue , timelines might be adjusted to accommodate implementation issues . But these will cause problems political and real in nature . Continued failures in the exchange rollout give the President 's opponents fuel to attack him and his health care reform . More importantly , they prevent people who really do need insurance , and the care it allows , from getting what they need .	Aaron Carroll : Obamacare rollout has been a disaster ; there 's no excuse for it He says problems at front end of process make it hard to get even through first step He says insurance firms getting garbled date ; administration calling in IT experts Carroll : Obamacare needed , but these first days have created problems political and real
CNN  -- North Korea and South Korea agreed Wednesday to reopen the Kaesong Industrial Complex , a joint manufacturing zone that the North shuttered amid high tensions in April . It was n't immediately clear when the zone -- considered to be an important source of hard currency for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's regime -- will reopen . As part of the agreement , both governments said that the zone 's operation would no longer be "  affected by political situations under any circumstance . " "  I hope that the agreement today will be a chance for South-North relations to make a new start , " South Korean President Park Geun-hye said after the deal was revealed . The announcement came after multiple rounds of talks with the South , aimed at getting the shuttered factories at Kaesong back up and running . Four months ago , North Korea expelled South Korean workers and suspended activity at the zone , which sits on the North 's side of the Koreas ' demilitarized zone , as it unleashed a torrent of threatening rhetoric toward South Korea and the United States . But the tensions have since eased , and the generally secretive North recently allowed a large Western media contingent to cover the 60th anniversary of the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 . Wednesday 's agreement also calls for a joint panel to discuss compensating South Korean companies that were hurt by the shuttering . About 53,000 North Koreans worked at more than 120 South Korean companies at the complex , seen as a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation . It produced hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods yearly . The closure was the zone 's first since its debut nine years ago . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph and Jethro Mullen and journalist Soo Bin Park contributed to this report	Nations agree that zone will no longer be affected by political situations North Korea had suspended operations at the industrial zone in April during tensions It 's not clear when the complex will reopen
CNN  -- Hated by the English Premier League champions , chastised by the UK 's Prime Minister and even lampooned by a pizza company -- is Luis Suarez the number one enemy to English football ? If the Uruguayan had not already secured his place as the "  Enfant Terrible " of the English game then he now has that role all wrapped up . As Suarez sank his teeth into the flesh of Branislav Ivanovic , he put paid to the old adage of "  once bitten , twice shy . " No sooner had the Liverpool striker been handed a 10-game ban for his meal on Merseyside than the entire footballing world began a furious debate over the severity of the punishment . "  The FA should explain how they 've come to 10 games , " Rory Smith , football writer at The Times newspaper speaking before the FA released the reasoning behind their decision , told CNN . "  If they 've taken his past transgressions into account then that 's understandable , but by not explaining they 're allowing for lots of speculation and conspiracy . "  They could have given seven matches , which is the same as the Dutch FA so it would be interesting to see their reasoning . "  It 's unusual for past offenses to be taken into account and perhaps there is a thought that they have something against Suarez . "  The problem they have now is that next time there is a reckless challenge which goes over the top of the ball and hurts a player , what are they going to do ? "  Are they saying biting is worse ? " Suarez is no saint . That much has been clear ever since that infamous handball at the 2010 World Cup which deprived Ghana of a place in the semifinal and earned him a red card and his country a place in the last four . Then there was the episode where he was labeled as the "  Cannibal of Amsterdam " after he was hit with a seven match ban for biting PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal 's shoulder during a match in November 2010 . His reputation was tarnished further when he was given an eight-match suspension and a $ 63,000 fine after being found guilty by the Football Association of racially abusing Patrice Evra . After Sunday 's game , Suarez , 26 , was quick to apologize for his antics and would have hoped for a lesser sentence . But he appears to have found himself in the unenviable role of English football 's hate figure . One company in the UK has even brought out a Suarez pizza where customers are invited to bite into his face , which is shaped with various toppings . The Uruguayan has won few friends outside of Anfield , despite riding high in the English Premier League goalscoring charts with 23 so far this season . His constant niggling away at defenders , his penchant for diving around the penalty area and his often childish behavior has riled opponents and opposing fans . But this latest incident , which occurred during last Sunday 's 2-2 draw with Chelsea at Anfield has caused outrage both within and outside the realms of sport . Such was the outcry at Suarez 's actions that even British Prime Minister David Cameron felt compelled to offer his opinion on the matter . "  It is rightly a matter for the football authorities to consider , " a Downing Street spokesman said . "  As part of their consideration , I think it would be very understandable if they took into account the fact that high-profile players are often role models . " In a statement issued by the FA on Wednesday , the organization which runs the English game insisted that "  a suspension of three matches was clearly insufficient and the player will serve a further seven first-team matches in addition to the standard three . " Liverpool , which has until midday on Friday to respond , has already criticized the decision and the severity of the ban . Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre told the club 's official site : "  Both the club and player are shocked and disappointed at the severity of today 's Independent Regulatory Commission decision . "  We await the written reasons tomorrow before making any further comment . " What rankles with many critics of the ban is that it appears out of proportion when compared to punishments handed out for similar offenses . Writing on the CNN World Sport Facebook page , Jason Noblit said : "  It should have been five games . No doubt he deserves to be punished , but the FA is too happy to demonstrate it has double standards for players like Suarez . " But others disagreed with Moustafa Ali adding : I think they gave him the right punishment , especially he has blemish record against other players like Evra and Bakkal . " During a Premier League game in 2006 , Tottenham 's Jermain Defoe was shown just a yellow card for biting Javier Mascherano , then playing for West Ham United . At the time , an FA spokesman said : "  We are unable to take any action because the referee has already dealt with the incident . "  FIFA regulations prevent us from taking retrospective action . " Suarez 's ban is also longer than that of former Manchester City defender Ben Thatcher , who was suspended for eight games after his elbow on Pedro Mendes left the player unconscious . The FA also issued a further 15-match ban suspended for two years , while the club fined him six weeks wages and prohibited him from playing for six weeks Suarez 's ban is by no means the most severe handed out by the FA . In 1998 , current Sunderland manager Paolo Di Canio was banned for 11 games after pushing a referee while playing for Sheffield Wednesday . Five years later , Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand was suspended for eight months after missing a drugs test . Another Manchester United star , Eric Cantona , was banned for nine months after launching a kung-fu style kick at a supporter during a game at Crystal Palace in 1995 . Di Canio , Ferdinand and Cantona all went on to enjoy successful Premier League careers , despite their off-field problems . Suarez could yet follow suit with his name on the shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year Award -- voted on by his peers -- which will be handed out on Sunday . And if he does pick up the prestigious trophy , you can be assured that there will be the gnashing of teeth around the football world .	Luis Suarez hit with 10-game ban for biting by Football Association Punishment appears out of proportion with in comparison with past bans Pizza company offers customers chance to "  bite Suarez 's face " In contention to win top player award voted by his fellow professionals on Sunday
CNN  -- Five years ago , the Venezuelan government had a mystery to solve , and a Florida man who held the key to unlocking it readily offered a helping hand . President Hugo Chavez had doubts about whether the great South American hero Simon Bolivar had died of tuberculosis , as most historical accounts state , or if he had been poisoned . An eventual test came back inconclusive , but so did the status of a "  treasure trove " of artifacts that Ricardo DeVengoechea had lent the government in its investigation . DeVengoechea is now suing Venezuela in a U.S. federal court , fighting to reclaim the valued items . When Venezuela decided to investigate Bolivar 's death , a necessary step would be to confirm that the remains the government would exhume indeed belonged to the revered hero . DeVengoechea , a photographer in Orlando , could help Venezuela out with that . His ancestors were one of Colombia 's founding families with ties to Bolivar , and had passed down to him a small collection worthy of a museum : a one-of-a-kind medal from a grateful Peru , signed letters and , most unique , a lock of Bolivar 's hair . His collection , particularly the DNA from the hair , could confirm Bolivar 's remains , and for a brief period in 2007 , Venezuela treated DeVengoechea like a king . A private jet flew him and his collection to Venezuela , where government officials greeted him . For a month , he accompanied the team of researchers who examined his artifacts . When he recalled that he had more artifacts at home , the Venezuelan government promptly purchased him round-trip commercial airfare to go retrieve them . DeVengoechea returned home , and as the months turned into years , his contacts with the Venezuelans diminished , according to a lawsuit filed in a Miami court . The Florida man did n't learn about the conclusion of the tests until he read about it in the press in July 2011 , the lawsuit says . The Venezuelan government had agreed to return the collection , but in late 2011 , DeVengoechea found his calls going unanswered and his letters to the Venezuelan Embassy unreturned . DeVengoechea 's suit says that Venezuela stole his belongings and must return the collection to him . "  Venezuela 's refusal to return the DeVengoechea Collection is a clear act of expropriation of DeVengoechea 's personal property in violation of international law , " the lawsuit states . "  These items were taken from their rightful owner by the government . " The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not immediately comment on the suit . Bolivar gave the items in the collection to DeVengoechea 's great-great-grandfather , Joaquin de Mier , the lawsuit states . In addition to the lock of hair and Liberation Medal awarded by Peru , the collection also includes epaulets from the military uniform of Napoleon Bonaparte , whom Bolivar met in France . Most historians say that tuberculosis killed Bolivar , who died in 1830 at the age of 47 . In 1819 , Bolivar founded Gran Colombia , a federation of what is now Venezuela , Colombia , Panama and Ecuador . He is credited with spreading democratic principles in Latin America . The exhumation was broadcast on television , and Chavez admitted to crying as the remains were recovered . "  Bolivar is alive . Let us not see him as a dead man and let us not see him as a skeleton . He is like lightning , like a sacred fire , " he said then . With the national anthem playing in the background , a group of scientists wearing white coats rolled up a black cloth , revealing a skeleton on the table below .	Ricardo DeVengoechea provided artifacts that helped a Venezuelan investigation DeVengoechea let Venezuela use DNA samples of Bolivar 's hair to confirm his remains But they never returned the sample or other artifacts to DeVengoechea He is now suing Venezuela in a U.S. court
CNN  -- It 's something the world 's two leading female tennis players have in common , and it 's not the grand slam titles both Wimbledon top seed Maria Sharapova and No. 2 Victoria Azarenka have to their names . Both stars have earned reputations as grunters , with Sharapova 's screams puncturing the usual calm of London 's All England Club on day one of the annual grass-court grand slam . But tennis ' rule makers have set in motion a chain of actions which could make baseline bellows a thing of the past , including the introduction of a device to monitor on-court noise levels and possible steps to sanction excessive shouts . Death of a tennis art : Is this the end for serve and volley ? "  The WTA , ITF , and grand slams aim to drive excessive grunting out of the game , while ensuring that we do not drive our current generation of players -- who were taught to play this way -- out of the game , " read a WTA statement . "  This is a start of a sport-wide plan responsibly dealing with the issue through player education and objective rule changes . " While the body which governs women 's tennis is eager to eradicate unnecessary shrieks , the organization is also cautious of negatively impacting current stars whose games have developed in a certain manner . "  It 's time for us to drive excessive grunting out of the game for future generations , " WTA CEO Stacey Allaster told USA Today . "  What is clear from experts is that it would have a clear , damaging effect on performance of the existing generation . "  It 's going to take some time . I do n't want to get ahead of ourselves because it 's a collective effort of the sport and we need everyone to buy in . " Allaster said significant research needs to be conducted before any rule on noise could be formally introduced , and she stopped short of describing the device , which is still in development , as a "  grunt-o-meter . " "  The bottom line is that we want to bring forward across all levels of competition an objective rule through use of technology to make it much easier for athletes and chair umpires , " she said . "  What is too loud ? What is too long ? We need to give the official an objective measurement tool . "  Can you imagine on a critical point an umpire going , ` Oh , I thought you were too loud . ' You have to take all of that out of the equation . It 's not fair to athletes , the chair or the sport . "	The sound of grunting is common in women 's tennis The WTA is tackling the problem with coaching and is considering further steps A device which measures on-court noise could be introduced in the future World No. 1 Maria Sharapova is famous for her loud shrieks during matches
CNN  Demand for South African food is booming in an unlikely place : the United Arab Emirates . Sizzling in the kitchen at the Abu Dhabi-based restaurant "  The Meat Company , " there 's only one specialty -- and the key is in the name . T-bones or Rib-Eye , flame grilled or triple-basted , this is not a venue for vegetarians . But the meaty menu is proving popular ; in the past year 350,000 customers dined at the restaurant . "  It 's a very exciting region to be in and to showcase your brands , " says South African owner Johnny Tomazos . "  There 's a lot of developments going on , there 's a lot of growth for companies such as ours to grow in the food sector in the Middle East , " he continues . "  Tourism is growing , more people are coming to live in the region ; all that combined with the economic driver allows for a great market for us . " Meaty business Ten years after his family founded the enterprise , Tomazos today owns 15 restaurants -- mostly in the Gulf . In fact , the company has moved its headquarters from South Africa to Dubai , and has built a presence not only in the UAE but also Bahrain and Kuwait . Yet , Tomazos is not the only South African cashing in on tax-free income and a growing population of young customers increasingly hungry for Western-style fast food . Popular South African burger chain Steers is also setting up shop in the region , offering burgers on the manmade Yas Island -- a popular location for tourists and thrill-seekers . General manager Mark Oliver is confident the company 's first venture in the Middle East will take off with the big local South African community . " -LSB- There are -RSB- over 100,000 South Africans living in the UAE , over 100,000 brand ambassadors living in the UAE , " he says . " "  It 's a natural fit to bring a brand ... such as Steers to the Middle East . " Gulf of opportunity In fact , there are roughly 200 South African companies operating in the UAE -- a country where expatriates account for over 80 % of the work force . Bilateral trade between South Africa and the UAE tops $ 3 billion a year according to the South African embassy in Abu Dhabi . In 2012 South African gross domestic product grew at 2 % whereas growth rates in the UAE were double that , according to the World Bank . And the UAE ranks 22nd out of 189 countries for the overall "  Ease of Doing Business . " South Africa is 43rd on that list . It 's data like this that has other industries , from diamond jewelers to builders , looking to the Gulf to grow their profits . "  Our relationship with the UAE is growing , " says Mpetjane Kgaogelo Lekgoro , the South African ambassador to the country . "  With trade growth of an average of 22 % year to year from 2009 , and actually , in 2013 to 2014 , we recorded an increase of 37 % . " And it 's not just South African businesses operating from the region . Ugandan entrepreneur Ashish Thakkar has built his Mara Group empire in Dubai . From the Gulf HQ , his business operates in 18 African countries in various industries -- from financial services and real estate to communication , manufacturing and agriculture . Risks to success Whilst the Gulf promises exciting business returns , South Africans bringing a business abroad also have to contend with challenges -- especially when there 's meat involved . Following an outbreak of foot and mouth disease  FMD  in South Africa in 2011 , international authorities banned red meat exports . Experts have said the global annual cost of FMD could be as high as $ 21 billion , and one South African businessman who felt the effects was Dave Jackson -- in 2009 , the businessman bought an Abu Dhabi-based butchery to sell dried meat called Biltong to the South African expat community . Following the export ban , Jackson had to find a new source of meat , and his customers were not happy . While South Africa only produced around 2.7 million tonnes of meat in 2012 -- and Africa as a whole only accounted for 5 % of global meat production -- expats told Jackson they wanted that taste from home . "  Suppliers -LSB- from -RSB- around the world -- Australia , New Zealand , America , Brazil -- -LSB- provide -RSB- quality products , " Jackson says . "  But still , when people come here , they say ` where 's the South African meats ? ' " But this lack of supply could be set to change soon , following a ruling in February that South Africa was FMD-free , paving the way for exports to the UAE to start again . Innovation is key While South African meats could boost customer satisfaction in restaurants and food businesses , Tomazos says the key to success in the UAE is adapting . "  In this competitive environment , if you 're constantly not innovating and not looking at the customer needs , then you do n't stand yourself in good stride , " he says . For Tomazos , any future expansion of his trademark steaks wo n't be at home , but here in the Gulf . More from Marketplace Africa Read this : The human cost of piracy Read this : Fish farm links Lesotho with Japanese chefs	South African food businesses are seeing new growth in United Arab Emirates Bilateral trade between S.A. and UAE tops $ 3 billion a year The South African expat community in UAE is estimated at 100,000 people Africa as a whole accounted for 5 % of global meat production in 2012
CNN  -- Craggy-faced film , television and stage actor James Whitmore has died at 87 , the Los Angeles County , California , Sheriff 's Department confirmed Saturday . Actor James Whitmore , pictured in December 2006 , had a 60-year career on stage , in films and on television . Details of his death and funeral arrangements were not available . Whitmore notably portrayed Harry Truman , Will Rogers and Theodore Roosevelt in one-man stage shows and created memorable characters in many movies and TV shows , including "  The Twilight Zone . " According to entertainment Web site IMDb.com , Whitmore won a Tony award in 1948 for his gritty Broadway portrayal of an Army sergeant in "  Command Decision " but was replaced by Van Johnson in the film version . Whitmore won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in the 1949 film "  Battleground . " He was nominated for a Best Actor Oscar in 1976 for "  Give 'Em Hell , Harry , " the film version of his one-man show about Truman . The actor won an Emmy in 2000 for his performance as Raymond Oz in a three-episode arc on the ABC legal drama "  The Practice , " according to IMDb.com . Movie fans may remember his subtle portrayal of aging prison inmate Brooks Hatlen in 1994 's "  The Shawshank Redemption " with Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman . He played U.S. Navy Adm. William F. Halsey in the World War II epic "  Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! " and was an imperious ape in the 1968 classic "  Planet of the Apes . " Whitmore looked natural in cowboy boots and hat , appearing in such TV series as "  Bonanza , " "  The Virginian " and "  Gunsmoke . " He also did commercials for Miracle-Gro plant foods . According to IMDb.com , Whitmore was born in 1921 in White Plains , New York . He was married four times : twice to Nancy Mygatt , for four years in the '70s to actress Audra Lindley , and since 2001 to actress Noreen Nash . He was the father of three children , including actor-director James Whitmore Jr. .	Actor known for one-man stage portrayals of Truman , Will Rogers , Teddy Roosevelt He had memorable roles in "  Twilight Zone , " "  Shawshank Redemption " Whitmore appeared in several television Westerns He won Tony , Golden Globe , Emmy and was nominated for Oscar
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 22 people were killed and 38 others injured in a blast at an army checkpoint in the northern Pakistani city of Bannu on Sunday , intelligence officials said . The blast struck an army convoy traveling from Bannu to Miranshah , the officials said . The convoy included both military and civilian vehicles . According to the intelligence officials , an improvised explosive device had been planted in an 18-seater van . The majority of those killed were passengers on that van . In the wake of the attack , which he strongly condemned , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said he was canceling a planned trip to Davos , Switzerland . The World Economic Forum starts there Wednesday . "  Our nation is united against extremism and terrorism and the sacrifices rendered by our citizens and personnel of law enforcing agencies will not go in vain , " Sharif said , in a statement from his office . Pakistani Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan also condemned Sunday 's attack and has sought an explanation about the hiring of the private vehicles used in the convoy . The main Pakistani Taliban faction , known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , claimed responsibility for the blast . "  The bombing was carried out to  avenge  the killing of Maulana Waliur Rehman , commander of TTP South Waziristan , who was killed on May 29 , 2013 , in a U.S. drone strike in Miranshah , " TTP spokesman Shahidullah Shahid said . It 's not the first attack carried out by the TTP to avenge Waliur Rehman 's death . Gunmen opened fire at the base of one of Pakistan 's highest peaks in June 2013 , killing 11 people -- 10 tourists and a local guide . Taliban ` conducive to talks ' Despite the violence , the TTP on Sunday called for fresh talks with the Pakistani government , in a news conference recorded by its media wing . Senior leader Azam Tariq , appearing alongside spokesman Shahidullah Shahid , claimed that the TTP has "  always been conducive to talks but that the media has been twisting the TTP 's stance in a negative light . " The pair said that continuing talks was "  not in the hands of the TTP but in that of the Pakistani government . " "  It is the Pakistani government on the order of the United States that started the war on the homes of the TTP and it is only the Pakistani government that can stop this war , " said Tariq . "  It is in the hands of the government to create an environment where talks can take place . " Tariq also said that the authorities were "  using the media as a medium of propaganda for their war . " The Taliban have stepped up attacks on news outlets in Pakistan . On Friday , a targeted attack on a local channel 's digital satellite newsgathering vehicle left three employees dead . Journalists Zahir Shah Sherazi and Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemns attack , cancels Davos trip NEW : Main Pakistani Taliban faction claims responsibility , calls for fresh talks TTP spokesman : Bombing was to avenge the death of a Pakistani Taliban commander The blast strikes a convoy of military and civilian vehicles , killing at least 22 people
CNN  -- Gael Monfils saved five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer 7-6 6-7 7-6 to reach the final of the Paris Masters on Saturday . The home hero will play Robin Soderling for the title after the Swede beat another Frenchman , Michael Llodra , in an earlier pulsating encounter at the Bercy arena . It was truly the great escape for 12th seed Monfils , who was on the ropes as he served at 5-6 down in the deciding set , having broken back after dropping his service for the first time . The opening two sets were shared on tiebreaks . 16-time grand slam champion Federer proceeded to force a succession of match points , all saved by a mixture of dogged defense by his French opponent or uncustomary errors by the world number two . The partisan crowd breathed a collective sigh of relief when Monfils finally forced the third tiebreak of the match and claimed an early mini-break . Federer retrieved the loss but uncharacteristic forehand errors saw him fall behind again and when Monfils was presented with his first match point he seized it . He will now hope to go one better than 2009 when he was beaten in the final by Novak Djokovic . "  I went to the limits of myself , " Monfils admitted after his first career victory over Federer . "  I feel better and better as the tournament goes on . I ran out of juice a little bit at the start of the third set but the fans were there , they pushed me and I kept believing . " Earlier , world number five Robin Soderling had to save three match points before ending the fairytale run of Llodra . He won 6-7 7-5 7-6 to reach his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 final , but came under massive pressure in the 12th game of the third set . Like Monfils , Soderling staved off defeat to force a deciding tiebreak and secured victory on his second match point after two hours and 49 minutes of gripping action . "  Today it was a great match . It was n't maybe pretty , but I 'm here as a winner , " Soderling told the official ATP Tour website . Llodra , who came back from a break down in the deciding set to set up his victory chances , had defeated defending champion Djokovic and Nikolay Davydenko on his way to his first Masters semifinal .	Gael Monfils to play Robin Soderling in the final of the Paris Masters Monfils saves five match points before beating top seed Roger Federer Soderling saves three match points to end hopes of Frenchman Michael Llodra
CNN  -- An autopsy report issued Friday by Hillsborough County , Florida , cites cocaine as a contributing factor in the death of TV pitchman Billy Mays , who died in June at age 50 . The Hillsborough County medical examiner 's office said cocaine use contributed to Billy Mays ' heart disease . "  Mays died from a lethal arrhythmia of the heart caused by hypertensive and arteriosclerotic heart disease , " the county said in a statement attributed to Dr. Leszek Chrostowski , the associate medical examiner who conducted the autopsy . "  He further concluded that cocaine use caused or contributed to the development of his heart disease , and therefore contributed to his death , " it added . The fact that toxicology tests detected only breakdown products of cocaine , not the drug itself , led Chrostowski to conclude that Mays had used cocaine "  in the few days prior to death but not immediately prior to death . " Cocaine is a stimulant that can raise blood pressure and thicken the wall of the left ventricle of the heart , one of the organ 's four main pumping chambers . The autopsy also found low concentrations of ethyl alcohol "  consistent with social consumption of a few beverages " as well as the narcotic drugs hydrocodone , oxycodone and tramadol . Mays had prescriptions for the drugs -- which were found in therapeutic or subtherapeutic concentrations -- to ease hip pain . In addition , the tests found evidence of two tranquilizers -- alprazolam  Xanax  and diazepam  Valium  -- which are commonly prescribed for a variety of ailments , including anxiety and insomnia . Both drugs were determined to be in therapeutic or subtherapeutic concentrations . Mays was found dead at his home near Tampa on June 28 . Mays , with his booming voice , was famous for fronting products such as OxiClean and Orange Glo in TV commercials .	Cocaine contributed to Billy Mays ' death , says autopsy report Mays died from heart disease ; cocaine use played role in illness , report said Mays died June 28
Pakistan 's army said it killed an al Qaeda operative who grew up in the United States and was on the FBI 's list of most wanted terrorists . Adnan G. El Shukrijumah , 39 , was once indicted for his alleged role in a terror plot to attack targets there and in the UK . He was killed in a raid in South Waziristan on Saturday , Pakistani army spokesman Asim Bajwal said on Twitter . Shukrijumah , a senior commander , is thought to have served as one of the leaders of al Qaeda 's external operations program , according to the FBI , hatching plots to attack the West . He was indicted by New York authorities in 2010 over an alleged plot to have two men blow themselves up in the city 's subway system . The State Department 's Rewards for Justice program had offered $ 5 million for information leading to his capture . Lived in NYC , Florida Shukrijumah was born in Saudi Arabia , the eldest son of a Saudi Imam , and came to America as a young child . His family settled in Brooklyn , New York , where his father preached at a mosque . They lived at a nearby house before moving to Florida in the mid - '90s . His father , who is now dead , opened a small mosque near Fort Lauderdale . Shukrijumah worked at odd jobs , including selling used cars , and took classes in information technology and chemistry at a small college in South Florida . He also took classes to improve his English . Then he disappeared . The FBI says that after he left America , Shukrijumah started off as an al Qaeda dishwasher , doing menial tasks at training camps . But he rose in the ranks to a key leadership position . An FBI counter-terrorism agent linked Shukrijumah to the thwarted New York subway suicide mission in fall of 2009 in the biggest post-9 / 11 terror investigation . Two men admitted they planned to blow themselves up using homemade bombs . Prosecutors say it was Shukrijumah who called the shots at the time -- probably from somewhere along the Afghan-Pakistan border . Key al Qaeda figure possibly killed in Pakistan	Adnan G. El Shukrijumah grew up in the United States He was once indicted by New York authorities as the mastermind of a terror plot He was killed in a raid in South Waziristan on Saturday Rewards for Justice program offered $ 5 million for information leading to capture
CNN  -- A proposed health curriculum in Helena , Montana , public schools has riled up some parents who say it starts teaching students about sex far too early . Several hundred parents in the mountain state 's capital packed a school board meeting earlier this week to debate the 62-page proposal . It includes four pages of charts listing what elements of human sexuality should be introduced at which grades . "  Ninety-five percent , if not 99 percent , is really , really good stuff , " Helena parent Brian Ackerman told HLN 's "  Prime News . " But he added , "  It 's not something we can attach 100 percent agreement with all of the committee members . " The proposed curriculum guide is part of a broad range of health courses that also teach nutriition , disease prevention , anatomy and environmental health . It would teach students as early as second grade that using anti-gay slurs is hurtful and teach children in older elementary grades about sexual harassment and abuse . Students would be told as early as kindergarten to properly name body parts . The concept that people "  can love people of the same gender and people of another gender " would be introduced in first grade , though homosexual relationships are n't discussed until fifth grade . Fifth-graders also would learn that sexual intercourse "  includes but is not limited to vaginal , oral , or anal penetration . " Teachers would start discussing pregnancy , sexually transmitted diseases and drugs and alcohol with middle-schoolers , while high school students would learn about sexual orientation and the "  legal implications " of some decisions . Ackeman , who has two elementary-age daughters and a third approaching kindergarten , said parents should be told "  who decided this , when did they decide it and how did they decide it ? " "  We really have n't seen where that age-appropriateness comes from , " he said . In addition , he said the district has not figured out how to implement the program . "  There is n't any sort of implementation in place right now that says this is how we 're going to teach this , " Ackerman said . Bruce Messinger , Helena 's school superintendent , said the guide was drawn up by a committee that included parents , teachers and administrators . That committee used local practices and examined national guidelines , including those put out by the American Academy of Pediatrics , he said . "  It establishes that between the ages of kindergarten through grade 4 , vocabulary would be introduced so a student has an understanding , " Messinger said . "  It does n't specifically say what would happen . " Implementation plans will be developed later , he said -- and if parents object , he added , "  They have a right to opt out . " The last school board meeting drew not only critics but supporters . And Cathy Areu , publisher of the Latina women 's magazine Catalina and a former high school teacher , told HLN the standards sound defensible and age-appropriate . "  It sounds like they are teaching body parts and things that are facts of life , " Areu said . "  I feel more comfortable with my daughter learning about this in a classroom than from a boy in the hallway . "	Helena , Montana , schools are considering a health curriculum that includes sex education It would start in early years -- kindergartners would be told to properly name body parts Some parents say it starts teaching students about sex far too early School officials say parents could always opt out if they object
CNN  -- Egyptian comedy promoter Maha Hosny is driving through the traffic-clogged streets of Cairo while talking to CNN on her cell phone , when there 's a terrifying screech of tires and the line goes dead . Thankfully , she 's unscathed , and within minutes is once again talking about her pioneering work bringing stand-up comedy to new Egyptian audiences -- and what tickles her funny bone . "  Just going through the streets of Cairo makes me laugh . The traffic here makes me laugh until dying , " she said , her near miss with a "  crazy driver " dismissed as just another joke . Later she emails to say she arrived safely at her destination . Just as well for Egypt 's comedy fans , who will be looking to Hosny to help deliver the follow-up to the wildly successful "  Hysteria " stand-up show held in Cairo earlier this year . Though little heard of just a few years ago , stand-up comedy is now serious business in Cairo and other cities across the Middle East , drawing huge crowds , according to comics in the region . And while western acts may have paved the way for this new enthusiasm for solo stage comics , the format has proved so popular that the region is now witnessing the rise of home-grown talent . "  It 's a phenomenon , " said Dean Obeidallah , an Arab-American comic whose 2008 "  Axis of Evil " tour of the Middle East , featuring a cast of comedians from the region , is viewed by many as the catalyst for launching a new wave of comedy . Obeidallah will , next month , be reprising his role as executive producer of the Amman Stand-up Comedy Festival , a week-long event in the Jordanian capital . Perhaps aided by Jordan 's more relaxed laws on censorship for the region , the Amman festival has , in three years , grown to become the biggest event of its kind in this part of the world , said Obeidallah . But Jordan is only the beginning , according to Obeidallah . "  The festival is representative of a bigger growth , a trend . In Saudi Arabia they have a thriving stand-up comedy scene with 10 or 12 comics doing regular shows . Same thing in Egypt , Lebanon , Oman and Qatar , " he said . Though it might seem otherwise to outsiders , people in the Middle East are no strangers to humor , with rich traditions of comic storytelling . Veteran Jordanian comedian Nabil Sawalha has seen it all , performing in stage plays , television satire and sitcoms , but is now enjoying a new chapter in his long career thanks to stand-up . Says Sawalha , performances were initially held in English -- with comics drawing heavily on western influences -- but local language performers are now gaining confidence . "  Now it 's taken off seriously in Arabic . I might be practically the only one who can do a whole evening , but there are a few young people coming up who can do five or 10 minutes here . "  They still need experience , but people are willing to venture and make a fool of themselves in front of other people , which is new . " While the language might have changed , the jokes themselves touch on themes familiar to western audiences , touching on the everyday topics of relationships , traffic , pop music , Facebook and Arabic culture . "  The Arabs in the region love to laugh at themselves , that 's something we do n't see in the Western media , " says Obeidallah . "  If you do n't do jokes about Arab culture in your show , they miss it because the level of laughs for those jokes are so much higher than for generic jokes about relationships or the state of the world . " Sherry Davey , a British-American comic who has been invited to perform in Amman for a second time , says her routine , which sees her offer "  comedy therapy " to men in the audience , works equally well in Jordan as it does at home . "  Women all over the world are just as fed up of their husbands and tired of their bloody children as we are , " she jokes . But , adds Obeidallah , in most Middle Eastern countries -- even in relatively liberal Jordan -- there are limits . Sex and cursing are to be avoided , as are jokes about religion and country leaders . "  I was in Lebanon and the producer of the show said say what you want but if you make fun of -LSB- militant group -RSB- Hezbollah you 're on your own , " he said . "  That was an effective message . " That said , some are already willing to take a few risks . "  I have been surprised by seeing some naught bits -- whether talking about farting or sex and some swear words here and there , and Jordanians take it and have a good laugh , " says Sawalha , who refuses to remove political jokes from his own show . "  It 's different elsewhere . I 've performed in Beirut , Dubai and Qatar where the censors would cut a lot of my script -- but then I would go ahead and do it anyway . " He adds : "  In the Arab world we have so much political upheaval and so much tragedy that there is a lot of scope to turn these tragedies into comedy and laugh at them so that you can enjoy life . "	Stand-up comedy has blossomed over past five years in Middle East Amman Stand-up Comedy Festival now in its third successful year Comics perform routines about relationships , Facebook , music and everyday life
CNN  -- If you plan a stroll along the lanes of the Iowa State Fair , you 'll be able to see the usual Butter Cow , the famous Double Ferris Wheel and have more than "  60 delectable items on a stick " from 200-plus food vendors . You might even take a selfie with "  God Bless America , " a 25-foot traveling sculpture depicting Grant Wood 's famous "  American Gothic . " But because of a restrictive ruling from a federal judge on Tuesday , one thing you wo n't see is Jason Powell on the sidewalk bordering the fairgrounds . On August 15 and 16 of last year , Powell was ejected from a public sidewalk surrounding the fairgrounds as he tried to preach to attendees while holding up a sign proclaiming the Gospel . Powell filed a lawsuit in June of this year , in which he claimed his First and 14th Amendment rights were violated . He says officers removed him from a public sidewalk outside the fairgrounds while he "  expressed his Christian beliefs . " It 's a sidewalk even the defendants admitted was public . In the lawsuit , Powell said officers and troopers with batons and handcuffs surrounded him , demanding that he leave the spot outside a ticket gate . Powell said he chose the spot to make sure his message reached as many people as possible . Powell said he did not solicit money , harass anyone or encourage membership to any organization . He only wanted people to hear and see his message . Powell 's attorney is Nate Kellum , president of the Center for Religious Expression . In an e-mail to CNN , Kellum said , "  Jason only represents himself and his understanding of Christianity . He tries not to focus on denominational issues . He does not receive support from any group . " Powell was issued an ejection notice and was told not to return for the remainder of the fair . Powell said the message he received from authorities at the fair was clear : Powell and his preaching were not welcome at the fair or on the sidewalks surrounding the "  greatest state fair in our fair state " of Iowa . "  Jason was shocked and dismayed , " Kellum said . "  He was doing what he believes he is obliged to do according to his faith and has a fundamental right to do according to U.S. Constitution . Being escorted away and told to never come back was demeaning . " After Powell received no response to a December 2013 letter asking the commissioner of the Iowa State Patrol and the state 's attorney general for assurance that he be allowed to return to the public sidewalks outside the fairgrounds , he filed the federal lawsuit . Judge Robert W. Pratt for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Iowa ruled that Powell can return only to two areas away from the main gate -- where Kellum said Powell 's message wo n't reach anyone . "  We 're disappointed and believe the court got it wrong . As it stands , Mr. Powell has no discernible relief , " Kellum said . "  The only places where he can go on the fairgrounds and share his message are the two spots mentioned by fair officials where there is absolutely no foot traffic . The right to speak encompasses a corresponding right to be heard , and Mr. Powell is being deprived of that fundamental right . " Assistant Attorney General David Dorff said Tuesday , "  We are pleased that the court recognized the importance of maintaining the safety of people traveling into , out of and around the fair . We look forward to a fun , safe and well-attended fair . "	Jason Powell was ejected from Iowa State Fair for preaching on public sidewalk Lawsuit claimed Powell 's First and 14th Amendment rights were violated If Powell returns to the fair , he must stay in one of two spots away from main gate
The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee accused the CIA of secretly removing classified documents from her staff 's computers in the middle of an oversight investigation , while another lawmaker said Congress should "  declare war " on the spy agency if it 's true . Sen. Dianne Feinstein said CIA Director John Brennan told her in January that agency personnel searched the computers last year because they believed the panel 's investigators might have gained access to materials on an internal review they were not authorized to see . "  The CIA did not ask the committee or its staff if the committee had access to the internal review or how we obtained it , " Feinstein said in blistering remarks on the Senate floor . "  Instead , the CIA just went and searched the committee 's computer . " Feinstein said that she had "  grave concerns " the search may have violated federal law regarding domestic spying as well as congressional oversight responsibilities under the Constitution . Opinion : Dianne Feinstein is no bomb thrower "  I have asked for an apology and a recognition that this CIA search of computers used by its oversight committee was inappropriate . I have received neither , " she said . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina called the allegations "  dangerous to a democracy , " if it 's substantiated that the CIA interfered with a congressional investigation . "  Heads should roll , people should go to jail , if it 's true . ... I 'm going to get briefed on it . If it is , the legislative branch should declare war on the CIA , if it 's true , " Graham said . Feinstein 's comments pushed into the public spotlight months of behind-the-scenes wrangling over access to and the review of documents around the post 9/11 Bush administration program for handling terror suspects . Brennan disputed Feinstein 's claims relating to the committee 's efforts to produce a comprehensive report on the practice that ultimately was ended by President Barack Obama in 2009 . "  As far as the allegations of CIA hacking into Senate computers -- nothing could be further from the truth . We would n't do that . I mean that 's , that 's , that 's just beyond the scope of reason , " Brennan told the Council on Foreign Relations . He also said that the CIA believes in congressional oversight and often has "  spirited " conversations about agency techniques . "  We have made mistakes . More than a few . And we have tried mightily to learn from them , " Brennan said . Brennan said in a statement last week that he was "  deeply dismayed " that some members of the Senate have made "  spurious allegations about CIA actions that are wholly unsupported by the facts . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said President Barack Obama has "  great confidence " in Brennan and the intelligence community . Carney would not comment on the specifics under review by the Justice Department but said Obama supported the committee 's investigation . "  The President has made clear he seeks the declassification , the findings of that report when it is completed , " he said . Justice Department asked to look into CIA/Senate dispute The top Republican on the intelligence panel , Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , said "  we have some disagreements " on the facts and cautioned that improving the relationship with the CIA "  is not going to happen if we throw rocks at each other . " However , Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , called the allegations "  disturbing " and added that "  a full and complete investigation " is needed . He also stressed that he 's "  never had a great deal of confidence with Mr. Brennan " and therefore has "  no doubt about the politicization of Mr. Brennan , " a former White House official . The Justice Department is looking at whether to launch an investigation involving the committee 's review of millions of documents at a Virginia facility and counterclaims by the CIA about Intelligence Committee staffers gaining access to things they should n't have seen . Feinstein took issue with the CIA IG 's referral of the case to the Justice Department as an attempt to intimidate the committee . She said committee staff "  did not hack into CIA computers to obtain these documents , as has been suggested in the press . " She said the documents were identified through a search tool provided by the CIA in order to select specific material , and that the pane would follow through with its report as planned . The CIA viewed the committee 's accessing the internal review ordered by then-Director Leon Panetta as a breach and confronted committee members about it . The committee launched its full blown investigation after learning in an initial review that the CIA had "  withheld and destroyed information about its detention and interrogation program . " This , according to Feinstein , included its decision in 2005 to "  destroy interrogation videotapes over the objections of the Bush White House and the director of national intelligence . "	Senate Intelligence Committee chair says CIA action may have violated federal law Committee was investigating the CIA 's controversial detention and interrogation program CIA director says agency has made some mistakes in its detention and interrogation program Both the panel and agency have asked the Justice Department to look into the matter
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A five-hour killing rampage in Brazil 's southeastern city of Campinas that left 12 people dead is being investigated amid claims it may have been sparked by the earlier death of a police officer . The 12 victims were gunned down in several separate incidents on the outskirts of the city , in what Brazilian media said appeared to be execution-style killings . Authorities say they are looking into all possibilities , including whether the killings were gang-related . But they also say the timing and location of the shootings add weight to a theory that they were revenge killings carried out by police . The slayings occurred between Sunday night and Monday morning , just hours after an off-duty military police officer , Arides Luiz dos Santos , was killed fighting off an attempted robbery at a gas station . According to Brazilian media , in one of the cases , a car pulled up , its occupants told children to go inside and then opened fire . Hundreds of angry residents took to the streets to protest the killings . They attacked buses , burning three of them . Police have stepped up their presence in Campinas , located about 50 miles northwest of Sao Paulo , to prevent further violence . The latest deadly incidents come as Brazil prepares to host the 2014 World Cup in June . None of the venues for the soccer tournament is in Campinas . However , fans from around the world are expected to flock to nearby Sao Paulo , the country 's financial and business hub . Hooded men Fernando Grella Vieira , the secretary of public safety for Sao Paulo , said Tuesday that the civil and military police "  will not rest " until they have found those responsible for all 13 deaths in Campinas . No possibility is being ruled out during the investigation , he said on a visit to the city . "  These are intolerable crimes and I can guarantee that the police will not rest until we solve these deaths and arrest the perpetrators , " he added . Grella said it was too early to comment on suspicions raised by witnesses of the alleged involvement of military officers in 12 of the killings . But he stressed that he does not tolerate abuse or crimes committed by state agents . Nine of the victims died in two separate incidents , according to the state-run Agencia Brasil . Hooded men reportedly used pistols to shoot the victims , aged between 17 and 30 , in the head . The remaining three were killed in separate attacks , the news agency said . At least six of the victims had a criminal background , with offenses including drug trafficking , murder and auto theft , the news agency cited Licurgo Costa , director of the Judiciary Police department , as saying . Victims ` hit in the head , chest or abdomen ' The chief of the Civil Police 's homicide division , Devanir Dutra , told CNN affiliate TV Globo that the police will take accounts from at least 20 witnesses beginning Wednesday . "  Let 's start with the relatives and friends of the victims , " he said . According to Dutra , two people were injured and remain hospitalized in Campinas . They may be summoned by the police as witnesses . Dutra said that the number of shots fired signaled executions . "  They  the victims  were hit in the head , chest or abdomen , " he said . One hypothesis being examined by the Civil Police is rivalry between drug gangs , he said . CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo and Marilia Brocchetto from Atlanta , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Police "  will not rest " until they find those behind killings in Campinas , official says Authorities are looking into all possibilities , including whether it was a police revenge attack 12 people were shot dead , hours after an off-duty officer was killed in an attempted robbery Angry residents took to the streets and set buses on fire to protest the killings
Now that Amy Poehler and Tina Fey have secured their spot on the Golden Globes stage through 2015 , what do they have to say about how things went last year and what audiences can expect in the future ? Well , the Hollywood Foreign Press Association talked with Poehler this morning about her initial hosting experience and what her job as co-host really means . Awards show tracker "  Well last year was really fun ! We did n't know what to expect . It was exciting to work with Tina , as always , and it was a strange experience , " Poehler said . "  We had a lot of fun so we said maybe we can try it again and like fools we are giving it another shot . Looking forward to understanding more of how the night goes and what works and what does n't . In all honesty -- just setting the tone for a really fun evening . I think as a host that 's your job . Telling some jokes , getting everyone excited and then stay out of everyone 's way . " And now that the gig is booked , when will Poehler and Fey get together and start working on their best jokes ? Believe it or not , not right away . "  I ca n't stress enough how little we will prepare until very close to the show . We 'll treat it like Weekend Update -- its a little SNL style and have to work backwards . We get a lot of jokes , write our own , talk bits and we work through them . You ca n't really do this kind of stuff too early and you ca n't overthink it , " Poehler said . Special coverage : Awards Season 2014 But planning aside , the highlight of Poehler 's hosting duties last year  a.k.a. the thing that probably helped get her back  will surprise absolutely no one . "  My highlight was sitting on George Clooney 's lap . But it all felt like a highlight . " Everyone saw that answer coming , right ? See the original story at EW.com .	Poehler says host last year 's Golden Globes "  was really fun " "  I ca n't stress enough how little we will prepare , " for next year 's show she says The actress says it 's exciting to work with Tina Fey
CNN  -- An Arlington , Texas , police officer was among three people killed in a shooting at an apartment complex Tuesday night , officials said . It was at least the second fatal shooting in two days of a law enforcement officer in the United States . On Monday , a Georgia state trooper was fatally shot after a traffic stop in northwest Atlanta . In the Arlington incident , the officer had been dispatched to an apartment complex to check out a report of domestic assault , city spokeswoman Tiara Richard told reporters . "  Shortly afterwards , officers received a call of a shooting at the same location . When officers arrived , they found three people deceased here in an apartment at the complex . One of those people was an officer , " she said . Authorities did not immediately release the name of the victims . "  It 's a tragic situation . Our hearts are broken tonight , " Mayor Robert Cluck said in a statement . In January , another Arlington police officer died in the line of duty , Richard said . Officer Craig Story was killed when his motorcycle struck a school bus about a mile away from Tuesday 's shooting scene , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . "  Any time you lose an officer who is working in the line of duty -- or not in the line of duty -- it 's hard on the department , " Richard told reporters . "  It 's hard on the city as a whole . These are people who day in and day out , they go out and do their job and they are doing it to protect the citizens here . It 's a hard loss for anyone ... especially during this time of year . " Meanwhile , Georgia officials have arrested a suspect in the fatal shooting of the state trooper late Monday . Trooper Chadwick LeCroy , 38 was shot twice in the face following the traffic stop and he died en route to a hospital , a state patrol spokesman said . The suspect escaped in the trooper 's patrol car , which was found abandoned about half a mile away . Shortly afterward , he was taken into custody , the spokesman said . CNN 's Samuel Gardner contributed to this report .	The officer was dispatched to the apartments on a domestic assualt report He is the second Arlington officer to die in the line of duty this year On Monday , a Georgia state trooper was killed after a traffic stop
CNN  -- As police tell it , he called himself "  Scott " and showed up with $ 150 at the ready . He was drawn to a house on the outskirts of Minneapolis by an online ad that promised a "  no limit experience " with the catchy tagline , "  Sick of winter ? Come see how Sommer feels . " Within minutes , he 'd been cuffed , read his rights and cited for engaging in prostitution by undercover detectives in Coon Rapids , Minnesota . He was one of nearly a dozen men arrested as part of a sting operation , and exercised his right to remain silent , according to police reports . "  Scott " turned out to be Steven Smith , a fellow cop -- in fact , the police chief of the Minneapolis suburb of Robbinsdale . Officers learned his real name the night of his arrest on February 20 , but only discovered his law enforcement role when preparing documents for his lawyer last week , Coon Rapids Police Chief Brad Wise said . "  It was at that time that a staff member recognized Smith 's photo as that of the Robbinsdale police chief , " Wise said in a written statement . Smith was released after booking on the misdemeanor charge and has since resigned his post , CNN affiliate WCCO reported . His lawyer , Paul Sarratori , declined comment Tuesday . Wise said nothing Smith carried at the time of his arrest identified him as a law enforcement officer . "  Mr. Smith did not ask for special treatment upon his arrest , nor did he receive treatment different from any other person arrested in this operation , " Wise said . Coon Rapids police "  followed all protocol and procedure " during the arrest , he added .	Steven Smith is one of about a dozen men arrested in a prostitution sting He has resigned as the police chief in a Minneapolis suburb , CNN affiliate reports Police say he responded to an online ad for a prostitute ; his lawyer declines comment
CNN  It 's been a tough month for the "  Islamic State . " Its fighters were finally driven out of the Syrian border town of Kobani after more than 100 days of fighting against Kurdish militia ; Iraqi government forces pushed ISIS back in Diyala province ; the city of Mosul -- still under ISIS control -- is beginning to look vulnerable . And airstrikes have taken a toll on the group 's infrastructure and field commanders . Its ability to win the release of a jailed jihadist in Jordan or the ability of its followers in Libya to attack a Tripoli hotel may provide brief propaganda boons , but they do n't affect the fundamentals on the ground . Nor will its attempts to export terror to Europe . But lest anyone declare victory , predictions of ISIS ' demise are wildly optimistic . ISIS still controls some 50,000 square kilometers of Iraq as well as up to 30 % of Syrian territory and at least 10 % of its population . To the west of Baghdad , it is still on the offensive in Anbar , and recently raided checkpoints on the Iraqi-Saudi border . Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby said last week : "  We 're only six to seven months into this thing ... This is going to be a long struggle . " A senior official at the U.S. State Department echoed Kirby 's line this week , saying ISIS ' expulsion from Kobani is part of the "  early phase of a multi-year campaign . " ISIS is "  a very adaptive organization , " the official said -- and terms like "  turning point " were to be avoided . Even so , there 's quite a contrast between September , when U.S. officials said the fall of Kobani to ISIS seemed inevitable , and Kurds celebrating on the city 's streets this week . ISIS chose Kobani as a symbol of its virility , even sending hostage John Cantile there to make a video about the group 's inevitable victory . Kobani was a recruitment poster in ISIS ' efforts to draw more foreign fighters to the Caliphate . ISIS continued to reinforce its presence in the town despite constant airstrikes . General John Allen , U.S. coordinator of the campaign against ISIS , said in November that the group had "  impaled itself " on Kobani . The State Department official said ISIS ' losses there -- likely running into four figures -- could help counter the messaging that has attracted foreign fighters . "  A narrative of inevitable glory and conquest " had been replaced by images of bodies left on the streets , the official said . A growing number of those foreign fighters may also be disillusioned after several months of airstrikes . Setbacks in Kobani and elsewhere have led to a stream of deserters , dozens of whom have been executed according to local activists cited by the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights . Analysts say one trend in coming months may be a stream of disillusioned foreigners trying to escape ISIS territory . In Iraq a leading expert on ISIS , Hisham Al Hashimi , told CNN that ISIS has now lost ground in several areas and needs to regroup . Torbjorn Soltvedt , a senior analyst at consultancy Verisk Maplecroft , agrees that ISIS is on the back foot in Iraq , relying more on classic insurgency tactics such as roadside bombs and unable to move in force because of the threat of airstrikes . Among its latest reverses , ISIS has lost control over a number of villages in the province of Diyala , north-east of Baghdad . Iraqi troops and Shia militia known as Popular Mobilization Units launched an offensive last week to retake ISIS ' last strongholds around Muqdadiyah -- 50 miles  80km  from the capital . According to Iraqi commanders , the whole province of Diyala is now back in government hands , after several months of intermittent battles . Soltvedt says it became increasingly difficult for ISIS to sustain its supply lines in the region . The key prize for all sides in Iraq remains Mosul , a city of 1.5 million people on the Tigris river , held by ISIS since last June . ISIS has invested heavily in governing the city ; its leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi pronounced his leadership of the Caliphate at the Grand Mosque there last July . For their part , Kurdish officials say that as long as ISIS holds Mosul , it threatens Kurdistan . Likewise , neither the government in Baghdad nor its coalition partners can rest while terrorists occupy Iraq 's second-largest city . Peshmerga forces have made steady progress against ISIS north and west of Mosul over the last two months . They have taken some 3,000 square kilometers of the Sinjar area , as well as the area around the Mosul dam , choking off access routes and threatening ISIS ' main resupply route to Syria . To the south , Iraqi forces ' gains around Baiji have also restricted ISIS ' freedom of movement . The Institute for the Study of War  ISW  , which studies military activity in Iraq and Syria , says ISIS is preparing to dig a defensive trench around Mosul , and has blown up a bridge on a key western approach . ISW also reports an increase in executions by ISIS across Nineveh province , where Mosul is located , which it sees as further evidence "  ISIS is feeling pressured by internal resistance in the province . "  There is anecdotal evidence of resistance across the border in Syria too ; a senior ISIS police official who had supervised executions was himself found beheaded in Deir Ezzor early in January . There had been talk of a January offensive to retake Mosul , but any assault now seems many weeks away . Kirby told CNN 's Barbara Starr Tuesday that the timing could not be predicted "  but obviously we 're working closely with Iraqi security forces on helping them better understand the challenges " of an assault on Mosul . Iraqi units are already fully occupied elsewhere -- notably in Anbar province , where ISIS threatens Ramadi and other areas . An assault on Mosul would have to be meticulously co-ordinated from several different directions , informed by good intelligence and supported from the air . A massive intelligence-gathering effort is already under way , according to analysts . Even so , Mosul 's remaining residents are predominantly Sunni Arabs and would be wary of Kurdish and Shia militia , so regular forces from the reconstituted Iraqi army would likely have to take the lead . The recent history of urban warfare in Iraq should give pause , analysts say , recalling the brutal battles to evict al Qaeda from Fallujah in 2004 . Soltvedt says an uprising from within is much preferable to an assault from without , and some observers predict any operation to retake Mosul would n't happen until early summer . Another problem for ISIS is that coalition airstrikes and ground operations by Iraqi and Peshmerga forces appear to be whittling away ISIS ' commanders -- even if claims by some US officials that half of ISIS ' leadership has been taken out appear optimistic . Among prominent casualties reported by Iraqi and Kurdish officials in the past two months are ISIS ' governor for Anbar province , Abu Anas Samarraie , and Abu Muslim al-Turkmani , a member of ISIS ' Shura Council , its highest policy-making body . Soltvedt says some of ISIS ' most seasoned fighters have also left Iraq -- some returning to Libya , for example . More importantly , he says , there is only a finite pool of skilled military commanders -- some of them former officers in Saddam Hussein 's army , and "  they will have a problem replacing them " if they are killed . Even where ISIS suffers defeat , there is no guarantee the Iraqi government can secure and hold territory . The prominent role of Shia militia may yet make it difficult for Baghdad to pacify areas after ISIS retreats . During the Diyala offensive , the militia killed some 70 Sunni civilians , a local member of Parliament , Nahida al-Daini , told Reuters . Others claimed the militia had burned down houses and mosques . The Iraqi Interior Ministry denied the claims , but it 's not the first time these militia have been accused of atrocities during military offensives -- and that may weaken the readiness of Sunni tribes to help the government against ISIS . The Iraqi government has proposed bringing the militia under the umbrella of a National Guard . Oil Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi wrote on his Facebook page that it would "  be possible to organize the -LSB- Shia -RSB- Popular Mobilization forces , the -LSB- Sunni -RSB- Sons of Iraq and the Peshmerga under the umbrella of the National Guard , knowing that the main goal of the latter is to prevent the emergence of militias , put all the weapons under the supervision of the state and provide backup forces when needed . " But there is plenty of resistance to the idea because such militia have often been the best guarantee of a community 's security . In areas it liberates , the Iraqi government will have to provide security , rehabilitation and effective governance to people who -- with good reason -- do n't believe Baghdad can provide any of the above . ISIS also benefits from being able to use both Syrian and Iraqi territory as the battlefield shifts . While under pressure in northern Iraq , its forces can regroup across the border in Syria 's Hasaka province . It can also use the frontier from Deir Ezzor into Iraq 's Anbar province , "  where it enjoys real strategic depth and the Iraqi army struggles with long supply lines , " says Soltvedt . It has even begun to probe the Iraqi-Saudi border . ISIS also controls a number of small oil fields and an arsenal of weaponry captured in both Iraq and Syria . And it still has money . Iraqi Finance Minister Hoshyar Zebari told Reuters he estimates ISIS has looted $ 456 million from banks in Mosul , Tikrit and Baiji since June . And it has set up a rudimentary taxation system in the main cities it controls , as well as a fearsome intelligence apparatus . But ISIS is finding the job of controlling much harder than that of attacking . It has needed an expensive and labor-intensive mix of coercion , intimidation and policing to run Mosul , where the Iraqi government still pays the bulk of state employees ' salaries . Under pressure on several fronts , "  ISIS now has to think very carefully about where it puts its forces , " says Soltvedt . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Laura Koran and Raja Razek contributed to this report .	ISIS fighters have been driven out of Kobani in Syria and pushed back in Iraq But the group still controls large areas of Iraq and Syria Experts say the fight against ISIS is likely to take several years
CNN  -- A fired employee of Episcopal High School in Jacksonville , Florida , returned to the school Tuesday , shot and killed the headmistress and then killed himself , authorities said . The gunman , who was terminated earlier in the day and carried an assault rifle in a guitar case , went to the office of Headmistress Dale Regan , Undersheriff Dwain Senterfitt with the Jackonsville Sheriff 's Office told reporters . "  He shot and killed Ms. Regan and then he killed himself , " he said . The sheriff 's office later identified the suspected gunman as 28-year-old Shane Schumerth . No students were believed to be involved in the incident . "  Our prayers go out to the Episcopal community , " Senterfitt said , noting that he knew Regan personally and that his daughter had recently graduated from the same private school . "  It 's a tough day for us . " Regan had worked at Episcopal High School for 34 years , according to Kate Moorehead , dean of St. John 's Cathedral in Jacksonville . "  We have full confidence that Dale Regan is already with God and in heaven , " she said . "  We ask you to please pray for us as a community . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities identify the suspected gunman as Shane Schumerth , 28 No students were believed to be involved in the incident The headmistress killed had worked at the private school for 34 years The fired employee returned to the school with an assault rifle , authorities say
Rolling Stone  -- At a listening party in London last night , Justin Bieber told reporters that one of the many new songs that could appear on his upcoming album , "  Believe , " was about Mariah Yeater , the woman who falsely accused him of fathering her child , the BBC reports . According to the BBC , while talking about his inspiration , Bieber said he 'd written "  songs like that girl -- Mariah Yeater -- who said she was going to have my baby . " The singer added , "  I wrote about that situation . " Last November , Yeater claimed that she and Bieber had sex backstage following a show in Los Angeles , and that he was the father of her then-three month old baby boy . While the case was dropped a few weeks after , Bieber still took a paternity test that proved he was not the father . In London , Bieber also said he 'd recorded 40 songs for the record , and of the various collaborations  ranging from Taylor Swift to Drake to Kanye West  he said , "  It 's so cool to do different styles and step out of my comfort zone . " "  Every song has a piece of me , it 's hard to pick , " Bieber said "  I wrote almost all of them or co-wrote them . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Justin Bieber said he has written a song about Mariah Yeater for his upcoming album Last November , Yeater claimed that Bieber was the father of her then-three month old baby boy In London , Bieber also said he 'd recorded 40 songs for the record
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The bay pilot who steered a container ship into the San Francisco Bay Bridge in 2007 , causing a massive oil spill , pleaded guilty Friday to violating misdemeanor pollution laws and faces up to 10 months in prison , federal prosecutors said . The Korean-flagged Cosco Busan rammed into San Francisco 's Bay Bridge on November 7 , 2007 . Prosecutors dropped felony charges against him . John Joseph Cota , 61 , pleaded guilty to violating the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , a law enacted in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , and the Migratory Bird Treaty Act . Cota gave orders to officers controlling the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan as the ship was leaving fog-shrouded San Francisco Bay , California , on November 7 , 2007 . The 901-foot ship struck fenders around the base of a bridge support tower , rupturing two of the ship 's fuel tanks and spilling about 53,000 gallons of oil into the bay . At least 2,000 migratory birds were killed . At the time , officials estimated clean-up costs at $ 60 million . "  Today 's guilty plea is a reminder that the Cosco Busan crash was not just an accident , but a criminal act , " said John C. Cruden , acting assistant attorney general for the Justice Department 's Environment and Natural Resources Division . "  John Cota was an experienced ship pilot that was handsomely compensated for his special knowledge of ships and expertise in local waters . His failure to act prudently under the circumstances caused a major environmental disaster that could have been far worse , " said Joseph Russoniello , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of California . Cota has piloted about 4,000 ships in the bay during his 27-year career , said his attorney , Jeffrey Bornstein . Bonstein said Cota is remorseful and accepts responsibility for his part in the accident . But Bornstein also criticized the accident investigation . He said it was unfair and protected others who also bear responsibility . "  Captain Cota has been vilified by the media , lost his job , will now go to jail for at least 60 days , and still suffers under the weight of crushing civil lawsuits , " Bornstein said . "  He understands and accepts responsibility for his part in the accident and hopes that others will step forward and accept their roles and responsibilities as well . " Cota will be sentenced to 2 to 10 months in prison and be fined between $ 3,000 and $ 30,000 , if the plea terms are accepted by U.S. District Court Judge Susan Illston . Sentencing is scheduled for June 19 . Prosecutors said the plea included factual admissions by Cota , including an acknowledgment his negligence "  was a proximate cause of the -LSB- oil -RSB- discharge . " Cota also admitted that he failed to discuss the planned route with the ship 's master or crew as required , or to use the ship 's radar in the final approach to the bridge . He also failed to recognize two red triangles on the ship 's electronic chart system that marked bridge tower buoys . Attorney Bornstein said the ship 's master told Cota the red triangles represented the lights on the bridge , "  which in Capt. Cota 's knowledge were at the center of the span . He had no reason to think that the master did n't know what he was talking about . " See the path As part of the plea agreement with Cota , the government agreed to dismiss false statement charges pending against him . Those charges alleged that Cota failed to disclose his medications on required Coast Guard forms . The court ruled those charges would be tried separately . But Cota admitted in the plea papers filed Friday his 2006 physical exam form failed to disclose some of the medications he was prescribed . Among them were two pain medications , three different drugs prescribed as sleeping aids and an antidepressant prescribed for an off-brand purpose . Bornstein said there is no evidence that medication played any role in the accident . At Friday 's hearing , Illston set trial for the remaining defendant in the case , the ship 's manager , Fleet Management Ltd.  Hong Kong  , for Sept. 14 . The charges include acting negligently , killing protected migratory birds , obstructing justice and making false statements by falsifying ship records after the incident .	John Joseph Cota pleads guilty to violating misdemeanor pollution laws The pilot faces up to 10 months in prison , federal prosecutors say Container ship Cosco Busan slammed into San Francisco 's Bay Bridge in 2007 Massive oil spill killed more than 2,000 birds and cost $ 60 million to clean up
CNN  -- Turkey 's mountain sculptures The lava-rock moonscapes , fairy chimneys , cave dwellings and ancient Christian chapels of Turkey 's Cappadocia region have long been a fascinating destination for backpackers and tourists . Now , an Australian artist named Andrew Rodgers has unveiled a man-made addition to the region 's remarkable landscape : a statue park called "  Rhythms of Life . " Best seen from the vantage point of a hot-air balloon , the park consists of enormous sketches made of stone walls built in the shape of a horse , an ancient grinding mill and an ancient Hittite symbol . More then 1,000 locals worked on the ambitious project . Ivan Watson reports from Turkey 's interior . Istanbul 's Soho Like Soho in New York or Montmartre in Paris , Istanbul 's Cihangir neighborhood has become a cultural hub -- a draw for artists , writers , and intellectuals . Rima speaks to Turkish author Buket Uzuner to find out more about this up-and-coming neighborhood . Mawazine Music Festival Festival Mawazine is a celebration of world music hosted every year in Rabat , Morocco . Nearly 1,500 concerts , street performances and art exhibitions attract millions of spectators . Elton John , Carlos Santana , Sting and many other European , African and North American music stars lit up this year 's festival . The theme of this year 's event was "  universalism , tolerance , openness to others , " promoted through the diversity of music . Istanbul 's "  Oscars " of homophobia As Istanbul celebrated its eighth LGBT Pride events , Inside the Middle East was there for a unique award ceremony : the "  Genetically Modified Tomato Awards , " where gay-rights activists name politicians , media personalities , educational institutions and others who have made public homophobic remarks or actions over the year . We speak to an activist about the challenges facing Turkey 's gay-rights movement . Palestinian female race-car drivers It 's not what you would expect to see from eight Palestinian women in Ramallah on a Saturday afternoon : smoke billowing from underneath their cars , wheels spinning wildly , and screeching tires marking a race track with black marks . These eight women are breaking every stereotype in the male-dominated world of car racing . Paula Hancocks meets 21-year-old Noor , who has wanted to be a race driver since she was 10 , and is competing in her third race of the season .	Inside the Middle East gets an aerial view of a sculpture park in Cappadocia , Turkey Istanbul 's Cihangir neighborhood has an up-and-coming cultural scene Festival Mawazine is a celebration of world music held in Rabat , Morocco Inside the Middle East meets the Palestinian female race-car drivers
EW.com  -- With Martin Luther King Jr. . Day right around the corner , Oliver Stone announced Friday that he is no longer on board to write and direct a biopic about the Civil Rights leader . Stone took to Twitter to explain that his rewrite of the script , which dealt with "  issues of adultery , conflicts within the movement , and King 's spiritual transformation " was not well received by producers . It 's unclear how or if Stone 's leaving will affect Jamie Foxx , who was attached to star in the DreamWorks and Warner Bros production . EW reached out to Stone and the studios for further comment , but had not heard back at press time . Read Stone 's explanation below , ending with a note to King himself : See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Oliver Stone will not write and direct the MLK biopic The director tweeted about it on Friday He ended the tweets with a note to King
CNN  -- From a young basketball hopeful in Accra , Ghana to fifth overall pick in the NFL Draft for the Detroit Lions . Ezekiel "  Ziggy " Ansah 's journey to the top of gridiron has been sprinkled with more than a hint of stardust . When the 23-year-old , who also played soccer as a child , moved to the United States in 2008 , he could n't have dreamed of what came to pass in New York on Thursday on the opening day of the Draft , when the NFL 's 32 teams pick up young college talent . "  I 've worked hard toward this and I actually earned it , " Ansah , who only began playing football in 2010 , told reporters on a conference call after being drafted by the Lions . "  It 's been a humbling experience and a crazy journey . " The 23-year-old Ghanaian arrived in the U.S. on an academic scholarship with the Brigham Young University in Utah , which is owned and operated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints -- more commonly known as the Mormon Church . Keen to pursue his hoop dreams , Ansah tried out for the basketball team , but after failing to make the grade , he took up athletics because of his sprinting speed . Ansah ran the 100 meters in 10.91 seconds and the 200m in 21.89 secs , according to the official website of the Lions . When you couple that athletic speed with an imposing six feet five inches frame -- Ansah weighs 275 pounds -- it is not hard to see why he appealed to the school 's football team . Despite his lack of playing experience , Lions general manager Martin Mayhew suggested he can be an immediate asset for the team . "  I do see him as an impactful player right away , " said Mayhew . "  Sacks come when they come ... but he 's going to be a guy that will play a big role for us on defense . " Ansah 's adjustment to life in the NFL might be made all the easier as he has already worked with Lions head coach Jim Schwartz at the Senior Bowl -- the annual game which pits the best Draft prospects against each other . "  It will be a lot easier . I 'm really comfortable with them , " added Ansah , whose mother Elizabeth was flown over to join her son at New York 's Radio City Music Hall , where the Draft is held . "  I know how our coach is so , you know , just like giving me that chance is going to make it a lot easier . "  It does n't matter the experience that I 've got . All I know is I 've just got to produce and work on my technique and I know that the Detroit Lions are willing to work with me . "  I 'm not going to make any promises . All I have to do is work hard and see what happens . " Schwartz , who coached a team of prospects from schools in the south in the Senior Bowl , has been impressed with what he saw from Ansah . The Lions coach will be hoping Ansah , who was the Senior Bowl 's most outstanding player , can improve a Detroit team which had a losing record of 4-12 in 2012 . "  We watched him get better every single day , " said Schwartz . "  He 's an inexperienced player , but he 's a very instinctive player . We liked everything about him . We had a good feel for him . "  He 's inexperienced , but he 's not a developmental player . "	Ezekiel Ansah is picked fifth overall in the NFL Daft in New York Ansah , known as "  Ziggy " , will play for the Detroit Lions The 23-year-old arrived in the U.S. in 2008 on an academic scholarship at Brigham Young University Ansah tried out for the basketball team before taking up gridiron in 2010
CNN  -- Despite all the clatter about what 's inside the new PlayStation 4 console , games were in the forefront of everyone 's mind during Wednesday 's Sony launch event . What titles can I play ? What will they look like ? And when can I play them ? Only a handful of games were actually showcased during the event in New York . But Sony said nearly 150 developers are committed to making games for the PS4 , so the lineup will continue to grow throughout the year . Wednesday 's event brought some startling revelations , such as Blizzard bringing its "  Diablo 3 " from PCs to consoles and SquareEnix teasing a new "  Final Fantasy " game announcement at E3 this year All of these games are being made for the PS4 , and some are also being made for the PlayStation 3 because of lack of backwards compatibility for the new console . It will be interesting to see how much consumers will transition from the old box to the new one if these new games are still being produced for the PS3 as well . Here are five upcoming games  in no particular order  that looked especially promising . Release schedules are still vague . ` Knack ' Presented by lead system architect Mark Cerny as his own vision of games for the PS4 , "  Knack " showed off the graphical capabilities of the new console and its ability to manipulate many objects on the screen at once . The game follows the exploits of Knack , a robot-like being with a talent for summoning surrounding objects to change its shape and acquire new abilities . The animation looks like something from Pixar or Dreamworks , but the gameplay appears more in line with a "  Jak and Daxter " title . It looks cute and family friendly . ` Killzone : Shadow Fall ' Developed to appear to the hardcore gamer , "  Killzone : Shadow Fall " is the fourth installment in the violent "  Killzone " shooter series . This chapter takes players back into interplanetary battle against the Helghast menace . Based on the trailer , the gameplay takes place in a futuristic urban environment with lots of sparkle and shine . Early glimpes of the game show smooth-looking animation , persistent effects and plenty of action . This "  Killzone " looks on the surface like a standard shooter game , but the stunning graphics on the PS4 may be enough to raise it to a higher level . ` Watch_Dogs ' "  Watch_Dogs " was first previewed at last year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  to rave reviews . But it 's console functionality was unclear -- until Wednesday night . Set in an alternate version of Chicago , the action-adventure game lets you assume the role of a rogue vigilante who hacks into computer systems to track down and eliminate criminals . A live demo showed off the many ways a player can interact with his surroundings and other characters . The action , and the protagonist 's movements , appear to be organic and free flowing . It looks like an open-world environment , although I wonder how much the story will drive where you go . ` The Witness ' This indie puzzle title has drawn great interest from fans . Was it the game 's intriguing quietness during a launch event filled with fireworks ? Was it the serene , inviting tropical-island environment , filled with bright colors and soothing music ? Creator Jonathon Blow , who also made "  Braid , " said his team worked hard to eliminate repetitive action in a game that will take 25 hours to complete . Given the critical success of the similar "  Journey " last year , this game should do very well . ` Deep Down '  working title "  Deep Down " really showed off what the PS4 engine can do . Its new trailer details a showdown between medieval humans and a fire-breathing dragon in a subterranean lair . The battle scenes were intense , and the sword-toting dungeon crawlers moved realistically as rubble rained down on them . In a twist , the game paused during a particularly tense scene as a player sent a note to a friend asking for help . I 've not seen this kind of action and detail on any console game before -- is this the future of gaming ? Was there a title you were hoping to see during Sony 's event ? What impressed or disappointed you about the games presented ? Tell us in the comments below .	Sony previewed a handful of games at its PlayStation 4 launch event Wednesday "  Knack " is about a being with a talent for summoning surrounding objects to change its shape "  Killzone : Shadow Fall " is a shooter game that may benefit from the PS4 's stunning graphics "  The Witness , " an indie puzzle title set on a tropical island , has drawn great interest from fans
Since last week 's Boston Marathon bombing , some people have called for placing more surveillance cameras in America 's cities . This would be a mistake . It would be dangerous to our civil liberties , and it would be bad policy . I felt last week 's tragic events personally -- as a parent of young children , a runner and a graduate of Bedford High School in the Boston area . And it 's easy to see why those extraordinary images made us all more sensitive to the everyday possibility of danger . But the big picture is this : In a very unusual set of circumstances , two bad guys set off bombs . They killed three people , and injured many more . The people of Boston refused to be terrorized , and they worked with the police to catch those responsible in a few short days . Even under these extraordinary circumstances , our system worked . Bad people did bad things , but we found the suspects and we caught them . Surveillance cameras of course played a part . They probably allowed the suspects to be identified more quickly , and they will surely provide useful evidence at the surviving suspect 's criminal trial . Would more cameras have meant quicker apprehension of the suspects ? There 's no evidence to suggest this . And it 's important to remember that there are already lots of cameras in Boston . And though some may believe that blanketing our public areas with video surveillance will make us safer , we should reject this call . First , surveillance cameras are expensive . They are costly to install and maintain , and in a time of limited budgets , they could be mistaken for an adequate substitute for human police officers on the street . Should we trade off the cost of human police  or schools , or roads , or lower taxes  for even more robotic surveillance eyes ? I do n't think so . Second , surveillance cameras do n't necessarily deter serious crimes . Boston 's numerous cameras did n't stop the crime at the Boston Marathon , nor did London 's more extensive network of cameras deter the 2005 subway bombings . Boston 's talented police commissioner , Edward Davis , put it best right after last Monday 's events when he said that despite the city 's extensive security preparations , little short of a "  police state " could have stopped the attacks . It is to Davis ' great credit that as police commissioner he did n't want a police state . This brings me to my third point . Surveillance cameras , or other government surveillance technologies , have costs in civil liberties as well as in money . Surveillance cameras like we already have in Boston are like having a police officer with perfect memory on every street corner . It might be relatively easy to say that even more video cameras would amplify that effect while posing little threat to privacy . But surveillance cameras are getting better , and it 's now possible to pair them with facial recognition technology linked to state driver 's license databases . When this technology matures , it 'll give the police the power to monitor all of our movements in public linked to our real identities , not just to our anonymous faces . Such a system would conceivably give the government increased power over us , power that could be used not just to monitor , but in some cases , potentially , to blackmail , persuade or discriminate . Police on every corner might be one thing , but police who can instantly see your identity papers and constantly track you are another . We might decide we want a limited version of this system , but we need to talk about these things now , before well-meaning local governments make the decision for us . It might be difficult to hear , but we ca n't be perfectly safe all the time . And part of living in a free and open society means that occasionally some people will abuse that freedom . That 's why we have a criminal justice system in which the police investigate crimes . It 's better to punish the people who abuse their freedom and harm others than to take everyone 's liberties away and subject us all to the eye of the state . Less privacy , less civil liberties . Being constantly observed might make us feel slightly safer , but this would be only an illusion of safety . History has shown repeatedly that broad government surveillance powers inevitably get abused , whether by the Gestapo , the Stasi , or our own FBI , which engaged in unlawful surveillance  and blackmail  of "  dangerous " people like Martin Luther King Jr. . Last week 's events gripped our attention because they were extraordinary . Terror attacks , plane crashes , even school shootings stick in our head out of all proportion to the danger they pose to us as individual citizens precisely because they are extraordinary . But remember the big picture . How many people do you know who have been the victims of terrorism ? On the other hand , how many people do you know who have suffered from cancer , or obesity , or gun violence ? If we 're interested in safety , public health and gun control are much more important issues than terrorism . They , not surveillance , should be our safety priority . We should honor last week 's victims . We should praise the Bostonians , police and private citizens , who helped find the culprits . But we should also rest secure that our system of government is working . We should reject , like Edward Davis did last week , any call to move further towards a police state .	Neil Richards : After Boston terror attack , some call for more surveillance . That 's a bad idea He says cameras helped ID suspects , but it was the police system that worked He says more cameras would be costly , could not stand in for humans Richards : Punish those who abuse freedom , hurt others ; do n't take liberties away
CNN  -- 2011 has been a year for young people in the Middle East and North Africa . More than two thirds of the region 's population is under the age of 25 , according to the Arab Thought Foundation , and they have emerged as the drivers of the Arab Spring uprisings . At the second "  One Young World " conference in Zurich , Switzerland , this month , 1,600 under 25s from 194 countries spent three days sharing ideas and hearing from global leaders in business , politics and activism . Here , we profile some young people from the Middle East and North Africa who could be the region 's leaders of tomorrow . Internet activist , Bahrain Esra'a El Shafei , 25 , founded the website Mideast Youth , which campaigns on a diverse range of initiatives . El Shafei set up Mideast Youth five years ago and has concentrated on issues that do not receive much mainstream media attention , such as the plight of migrant works or the rights of religious minorities . One of its recent projects is CrowdVoice.org , a user-powered service tracking voices of protests by crowd-sourcing information . El Shafei said : "  I founded CrowdVoice out of my own frustrations of desperately needing a tool to organize the dissemination of assorted information and current events about topics that mattered to activists worldwide . "  CrowdVoice made its mark with thousands of users when the revolutionary protests began in Tunisia and Egypt . " How Arab youth found their voice Campaigner for education reform , Egypt Jamal Dayem , 23 , is an engineer by trade but passionate about improving education in Egypt . He said : "  The real dream is to implement an education reform movement such as ` Teach for India ' in Egypt , where high caliber Egyptian university graduates teach full time in low-income schools around Egypt . "  The education institutions in Egypt have been one of the most affected by the decades of corruption in the country . " Daymen 's mother is a teacher in a government school and has spurred his desire to change the system "  There is no question that the education system in Egypt needs a revolution , " he said . "  In Egypt universities graduate a plethora of extremely capable students every year that are bulwarked by an unemployment rate of 20 % for their age group . "  If we as a country are able to harness their energy and passion to fuel the education of the succeeding generation we would be more effective than any curriculum change or incentives given to already dormant and corrupt members of education . " Entrepreneur , Jordan Rami Al Qadi , 25 , is an entrepreneur and electrical engineer who has designed a wind turbine that works in low wind speeds . His entrepreneurial ideas range from bringing wind energy to Jordan to manufacturing sand buggies . Al Qadi is worried that this year 's unrest across the Middle East has made conditions harder for growing businesses , particularly those which depend on tourism . He wants to see regulations eased for entrepreneurs and an end to corruption in Jordan . "  Young people are very important in the Middle East because they represent the majority of people , " said Al Qadi . "  If a small percentage takes some action then a change might happen . " Ten must-read blogs from the Middle East Youth ambassador , Egypt Raghada Abdel Hamed , 28 , is Egypt 's Youth Ambassador for Arab Thought Foundation , an organization which promotes innovation in science , culture , literature , arts and education . Hamed said : "  My main goal is to represent the organization in my country and spread awareness on its objectives . " She has represented Egypt at numerous youth conferences since 2004 , and works for the United National High Commissioner for Refugees interviewing people vulnerable to abuse and ensuring they are referred for support . Hamed was involved in the revolution in Egypt and is keen to help build her nation 's future . She said : "  I have seen by my eyes the sacrifices made to this revolution to succeed . "  Therefore , we will work hard to achieve what we paid a great price for : better governance , better social justice , job creation , less corruption and above all a generation who are aware of their rights and duties , so that they can always stand up and fight for it . " Youth employment trainer , Jordan Mohammad Abulawi , 25 , wants to help young people find jobs in his native Jordan . Abulawi is training co-ordinator for Jordan Career Education Foundation , an organization which aims to give vulnerable and disadvantaged 18 to 24-year-olds a sense of hope and dignity by training them for work . He said : "  My hope is that parents and children fully understand the importance of education and that the numbers of uneducated youth decrease in Jordan . "  I also wish that the ` culture of shame , ' where Jordanian youth do not work in certain jobs , is tackled and that the youth become the biggest segment of the workforce in Jordan . " Social entrepreneur , Egypt Mahmoud El-Refai , 27 , co-founded It ` sOneHummanity , a global social network for humanitarians that lets them share their work and ideas . He is also a climate-change ambassador for an international project , an engineering graduate and a corporate strategy officer for Siemens . El-Refai said : "  I 'm working on bridging the gap between the private sector , the public sector and the civil society to create projects that can benefit the people at the ` bottom of the pyramid . ' I believe that business must be for profit , but profit must also be for purpose . " He added : "  I dream of an Egypt where human rights are respected and where social equality prevails . I imagine an Egypt that is in the top 20 countries in the world , a leading country in the political , social and economic arenas . " Researcher and women 's advocate , United Arab Emirates Graduate student Sarah AbdulRazak , 23 , is on the board organizing a "  Women As Global Leaders " conference in Abu Dhabi next year . AbdulRazak would love to see more women in public life in the United Arab Emirates and other Middle Eastern countries . She is also passionate about education and promoting dialogue between the east and west . AbdulRazak said : "  Young people are the voices and torchbearers of a progressive future , especially in the Middle East where they are currently underrepresented on the global stage . " Inventor , Jordan Abdel Rahman Alzorgan , 21 , and his younger brother Mohammad were named among the best young inventors in Jordan after winning fourth place in an Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in the United States . The pair 's invention was an automated irrigation system they had been working on since they were in elementary school . Abdel said : "  We got a patent for it , so we are known now as the youngest inventors of Jordan . At the moment we are working on five other research projects , mainly to do with environmental solutions . " Alzorgan , now an engineering student , also works on awareness campaigns involving politics , fighting hunger and HIV .	More than two thirds of Middle East population is under 25 Young people are credited with driving uprisings across the region this year ` One Young World ' conference brought together 1,600 young people from 194 countries
CNN  -- More than 2,100 registered North Carolina sex offenders were found on the social networking site MySpace , the state attorney general 's office said Tuesday . North Carolina bans sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members . In response to a subpoena from state Attorney General Roy Cooper , "  MySpace turned over the names , IP and e-mail addresses of 2,116 convicted North Carolina sex offenders found on its social networking Web site , " Cooper 's office said in a written statement . Cooper has requested similar information from Facebook , another popular social networking site , the statement said . MySpace has told North Carolina authorities that the sex offenders it identified have been removed from the site . North Carolina 's State Bureau of Investigation is sharing the sex offenders ' information with all 100 sheriffs in the state , Cooper 's office said . "  It 's no secret that child predators are on these Web sites , " Cooper said in the statement . "  Turning over information about these predators to law enforcement helps , but MySpace , Facebook and other social networks need to do much more to protect kids online . " North Carolina passed a law last year banning sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members , making it a felony offense . Sex offenders on social networking sites is not a new issue . Last month , Newsweek magazine reported that Facebook said it had removed 5,585 convicted sex offenders from its site between May 2008 and January 2009 . MySpace also announced it had removed 90,000 sex offenders in a two-year period , the magazine said . Last June , the Texas attorney general 's office said it had arrested seven convicted sex offenders who violated their parole conditions by creating MySpace profiles , according to an article on the TechNewsWorld Web site . Cooper and Richard Blumenthal , Connecticut 's attorney general , for more than three years have led a group of attorneys general in working to make social networking safer , Cooper 's office said . The group is pushing social networks to use technology such as age and identity verification to better protect users who may be children . After discussions with the group , MySpace became the first social networking site to develop technology aimed at finding and removing sex offenders , the North Carolina statement said . Cooper is pushing Facebook to take similar steps . But , Cooper 's office said , "  the information provided by MySpace does not include sex offenders who have not been convicted , are not registered or may be using aliases on the site . Cooper remains concerned about other sex offenders on the site who may be lying about who they are , and is continuing to ask MySpace to do more to protect children on the site . "	Site provided names , IP and e-mail addresses of offenders it found , AG says Similar information requested from Facebook networking site , he says MySpace says that sex offenders it identified have been removed from site North Carolina officials sharing sex offenders ' data with all sheriffs in the state
CNN  -- Start-ups are fighting a war for talent in Silicon Valley , and the companies that actively welcome men and women are going to win it . Smart companies do n't recruit "  brogrammers . " The term brogrammer is a joke , of course . Male software engineers do n't actually pop their collars , wear sunglasses and lift weights while writing code and share hot tubs with bikini-clad women . But the joke is funny for some people because it reflects a truth about a community where certain places exclude great talent in favor of frat house fun . The tech industry 's testosterone level can make the thickest-skinned women consider a different career . But the rise of the brogrammer joke and its ensuing backlash has some benefits : It helps talented women choose worthy employers , it gives a name and face to a problem that plagues the industry and it publicly shames some of the most sexist offenders . In 1999 , Google 's Marissa Mayer almost did n't take the job at the all-male start-up because there were more women at another firm that made her an offer . If Mayer had just graduated from college today with offers from two equally compelling start-ups -- one all-male and one not -- it 's clear which one she would choose . If you write software for a living and you 're located in Silicon Valley , you have your pick of employment options at an array of tech start-ups -- yes , even in this economy . When a recruiter 's pitch is : "  Wan na bro down and crush some code ? " -- like San Francisco-based Klout 's was -- you get a sense of what that company is looking for . If you 're a woman , it 's not you . That 's pretty sad , but it 's not all bad . As a woman and a software developer , crossing Klout off the list of places where I might work helps me narrow my options . I 'd rather find out that an employer glorifies young dudes before I take a position than afterward . That 's one small way brogrammer culture is actually useful . It 's a red flag for women engineers , product developers , designers , project managers , marketers , business development and PR specialists . It says : This is a company that you 'd want to avoid . Conversely , companies that assemble inclusive teams are more likely to snag great hires of all stripes . Tech start-ups founded by women are few and far between , but they 're highly attractive to female and male candidates who do n't want to join a boys ' club . Established companies with executives who are vocal about women 's issues , such as Facebook 's Sheryl Sandberg , also have an advantage .  Sandberg 's TED talk is one of my all-time favorite career advice presentations for women . The spotlight on Silicon Valley 's brogrammer problem has focused on some of the worst public offenders . I find sexism in 2012 corporate America appalling , but I 'm also an optimist . The folks perpetuating this culture are probably not overt misogynists . Most of the time , they simply do n't know any better . Path 's Matt Van Horn "  feels terrible " about the sexist comments he made during a conference presentation that caused disgusted attendees to get up and leave . Geeklist began a women in technology committee after mishandling the retraction of a promotional video that featured a scantily clad female dancer . Cynics would argue that apologies wo n't resolve the underlying problem . But humiliation is an effective behavior modifier . I do n't think these people will make these mistakes again . Sometimes the road to enlightenment is paved with public shaming . And there 's a bonus : Onlookers have real life examples of what not to do at their companies . The tech industry has always been male-dominated . But the perception of those men has changed . Billionaire geeks of Silicon Valley are no longer considered awkward nerds who ca n't get a date . Instead , they 're superheroes , the protagonist in epic movies and biographies . A new generation of young people from all walks of life aspires to be the next Mark Zuckerberg , Steve Jobs or Bill Gates . They 'll want to work for the most attractive companies -- the ones who built welcoming , diverse teams . Brogrammer culture celebrates frat house values , youth over experience and men over women . In the war for hiring great talent , the companies that embrace this culture rather than reject it will lose . That 's a good thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gina Trapani .	Silicon Valley has a problem with brogrammer culture of frat house fun Gina Trapani : Tech start-ups that want to hire the best people will reject brogrammers She says sexist offenders are likely to be shamed into modifying their bad behaviors Trapani : Inclusive tech companies that value diversity will win the war for talent
CNN  -- If the consequences at Berlin airport had n't been so serious , the expressions on our faces would have made the perfect Kodak moment . Our jaws dropped , color drained from our faces , and we had that sick , sinking feeling familiar to those who 've locked their keys in the house . Only this was a million times worse . CNN International might be able to secure exclusives with the likes of Iran 's President or put a man on the moon  well it could if it put its mind to it  . But dealing with this situation ? It was unpredictable -- and very tricky . Because of what 's easily described as a "  communications breakdown "  the check-in clerk did n't listen and wrongly tagged our bags to our final destination , Heathrow  our camera gear and lights were now heading in the wrong direction . This left us to interview the chief executive of German manufacturing giant Henkel with little more than an iPhone 's torch app for mood lighting . Fortunately the gravity of the situation shocked the check-in agent so badly  her face was priceless  that she kindly chased after said luggage in the bowels of Tegel airport with a screed of labels to correct the mistake . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Merkel 's substance over style As the bags arrived in Dusseldorf , the cameraman Darren and Isa , MPE 's presenter , were relieved . A close shave , nothing worse . That is , until we opened our camera boxes and found our batteries had been confiscated and apparently destroyed by the authorities at Berlin 's airport . We were told they were potentially dangerous . They were n't . Luckily , we had our camera batteries and a charger so it was just a second close shave for us . The batteries were returned to our German bureau a day later . Clearly , fate was n't happy about that happy ending . After our interview we returned to the airport to find our flight was canceled due to fog in London , eating into our precious edit time . We were put on an afternoon flight . That was wrecked by a bomb scare , leaving us to find a hotel for the night while the authorities took five hours to deal with abandoned luggage which had a metal pipe inside . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Europe fractures as recession fades I was ready to shake it at someone by now , as thousands of displaced passengers surged into the airport hotels and assaulted their power sockets with assorted laptop and phone chargers . We do n't still know what happened to the pipe . Amid all the calamity , our cameraman was able to shoot some of the chaos and send it back to our newsdesk , thanks to the hotel 's broadband . Had enough of this already ? It 's not over yet . When we returned the following day to join a rebooked flight , we found out that was canceled due to technical reasons . BA were very apologetic but by now my cameraman Darren said he was ready to start eating people . MORE MARKETPLACE EUROPE : Europe feels winds of change There was a sense of utter helplessness and ridiculousness . Our updates back to CNN London were being treated with increasing incredulity . Eventually , happily , the Germans came to the rescue . We were rebooked on a Lufthansa flight which was due to leave in what felt like two minutes , but was actually 20 minutes . We needed to clear security , which had the longest queue in the world . This was n't the Germany I know -- where was the predictable efficiency ? We got back to London intact , and the edit took place . I hope we 'll be reunited with our bags , all 14 of them , eventually . What have I learned from this experience ? Expect the unexpected when it comes to air travel .	CNN 's Marketplace Europe team was on the road in Germany when they got caught in chaos CNN pulls off exclusive interviews -- but sometimes travel hiccups makes life very unpredictable The team 's travel plans went utterly awry amid a bomb scare , fog and baggage problems MPE producer Chris Pepper says he 's learned one thing : Expect the unexpected
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A request by Casey Kasem 's children that a temporary conservator be appointed for their ailing father was denied by a judge on Tuesday . Kasem 's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed a conservatorship petition in a Los Angeles court last month , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Lesley Green ruled Tuesday that Kasem , 81 , was being well cared for by his wife , Jean Kasem . "  As my clients have n't had the opportunity to see their father for some months now , they were happy to learn through investigation of the court appointed expert and the probate investigator that their father was being physically well taken care of , " said Andrew Katzenstein , the lawyer for Julie Kasem . Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " according to a court filing . He retired in 2009 . The children , who have been fighting with their stepmother , are hoping they can soon see their father , Katzenstein said . While they have not spoken to her , their lawyers are discussion a visitation plan , he said . "  Also they were happy that the judge focused her attention on the important issue of visitation , " he said . "  Mr. Kasem has a long strong and loving relationship with his adult children and we are continuing to try and reach resolution with the other side so visits can begin again . " Green will hold another hearing on December 20 to decide if she will appoint a permanent conservator . Kasem has the "  ability to shuffle short distances , but is mainly bedridden and requires the assistance of a wheelchair to move any distance , " a court document said . The petition claims that daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , have been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing contends . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " brother Mouner Kasem said Saturday . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " The petition claims Kasem 's wife has refused to provide the children with the name of their father 's primary care physician . That doctor would be consulted to determine Kasem 's "  ability to act on his own behalf , " which is the question that would cause the health care power of attorney to take effect , it said . Daughter Kerri Kasem said last month that her stepmother suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him about three months ago . She said she was perplexed by the decision . "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " said Kerri Kasem , who co-hosts the radio show "  Sixx Sense " with Motley Crue 's Nikki Sixx . "  He has Parkinson 's , and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " CNN has reached out to get a statement from Jean Kasem , but has been unsuccessful . Kerri Kasem and other members of the family held a protest at Kasem 's Holmby Hills house to raise public attention to their dispute last month . The fight is not about an inheritance , Kerri Kasem said . "  My dad told us a long time ago we were not in the will , and we 're OK with that . We 've known that for years , " she said . "  I 've never asked him for anything , nor have I asked Jean for anything . " Don Pitts , Kasem 's agent of more than 35 years , said he did not want to take sides in the argument , but he did say Casey is still of sound mind . "  He has Parkinson 's , has it very bad . It took his speech , and for somebody who made millions of dollars using his voice -- for him to lose that gift , that beautiful instrument -- it must be frustrating . But he 's handling it very well , " Pitts said . "  His mind is very sharp , his brain works well . You can tell in his eyes he understands everything you 're saying . He just has trouble translating it from the brain to his vocal cords . " Besides the famed countdown shows , Casey Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Kasem 's daughter and her husband filed a conservatorship petition last month Kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends A hearing on a permanent conservatorship is set for December Kasem ca n't speak and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " a filing says
CNN  -- To say I learn new things about London , England , every day is not an understatement . I am the chief cameraman in CNN 's London bureau and have lived in London since 1996 . I traveled so much for CNN the first few years that I only had a passing knowledge of the city . Then my wife and I had kids , so my knowledge became limited to mostly child-friendly pursuits . But as Samuel Johnson wrote , "  You find no man , at all intellectual , who is willing to leave London . No , sir , when a man is tired of London , he is tired of life ; for there is in London all that life can afford . " So I think most people learn something new nearly every day . CNN.com asked me these questions about my adopted hometown : Where can you get the best view of the city ? It used to be a number of different places , but the London Eye is now the best place to go , hands down . If you can , time it so you are on it as the sun is near to setting , because you just might catch the beautiful orange sunset hitting the clouds , if the weather is just right . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? My wife , her family and I recently went to Petrus , one of Gordon Ramsay 's restaurants , and it was excellent . I would definitely try that one again . Where is the best place to people watch ? Probably Trafalgar Square . Not only can you watch people , but also there are fantastic views 360 degrees around you ! What is your favorite neighborhood ? Why ? Chiswick . It is very green , very suburban , it has a lot of nice restaurants on the high street and like lots of London , you often see celebrities strolling down the street . Colin Firth and the artist Peter Blake , who designed the Beatles ' Sgt. Pepper album cover , are two I have seen most recently . If I were to travel beyond my own area , Hampstead Heath and Greenwich are beautiful and green with lots of nice restaurants around . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? London is so eclectic and because vast amounts of the people you will see are from somewhere else , it is hard to be tagged as a tourist . That said , if you are wearing an "  I  heart  London " sweatshirt , a backpack or a baseball cap with a still camera in your hand and are standing on the left-hand side of the escalator at a Tube station , you are DEFINITELY a tourist ! So avoid all those things and you will probably do well . Where do you go to relax ? Home , on my couch . I travel too much for anywhere else to be relaxing . Other than that , maybe one of the many , many parks around London with my family . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? You ca n't do London in a few hours . If you have truly never been here before , the best thing to do is to get on a hop-on , hop-off open-top double-decker tourist bus to see the highlights and stop at what strikes your fancy . I would say walking from Trafalgar Square down Whitehall past Downing Street to the Houses of Parliament and then Westminster Abbey is a must . But the Tower of London is worth your time as well . You should spend all your time outside , but if it is raining , the museums in London are superior , generally free and a great way to pass several hours . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? Probably the biggest tourist trap is Madame Tussauds . It is fun to be photographed with the wax figures , but once you have been there one time , that is usually enough , at least for me . But it is worth going to once . London Dungeon is the other tourist place I am not sure I need to ever visit again . Fun and frightening once , but not necessary beyond that . What is a good local souvenir ? That is very hard to say , as everyone wants something different . I recently took a friend visiting around and she was looking for London snow globes . We found some in a souvenir shop after a long search . Where was your most memorable meal ? Pont Street in Knightsbridge at a restaurant named Drones . It has since closed , but I lived over it for a few months when I first got to London . It is where I proposed to my wife , and that would be my most memorable meal . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Probably one of the oddly named dishes like Toad in the Hole  sausages baked in Yorkshire pudding batter  or Spotted Dick  a classic English pudding  would be most appropriate , if only to take pictures of it and tell your friends back home . Barring that , I would suggest the British comfort food of mash and pie and a pint . The food in London is great , but there are some bad places to go , so do n't let one bad meal make you slur the whole city .	The London Eye offers the best views of the city , CNN cameraman says Gordon Ramsay 's restaurant Petrus is excellent for a special occasion Double-decker bus tours are a good way to get an overview of the city
Washington  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush said Tuesday that he wanted to publish his personal biography about his father , former President George H.W. Bush , now because "  I wanted Dad to be alive -- to be able to see how much not only I care for him but a lot of people care for him . " "  His presidency in many ways was overshadowed by his predecessor , and that 's understandable , " Bush said . " -LSB- But -RSB- people are beginning to reassess the presidency of 41 and I want to be a part of that process and I wanted him to know that that process was going to take place . " Bush 's comments came at an event with his father Tuesday marking the launch of the 43rd president 's personal biography of the 41st president . The discussion was moderated by former George W. Bush chief of staff Andy Card and held at the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library at Texas A&M University in College Station . It was a heartfelt tribute to the elder Bush , who left the White House 22 years ago and is now 90 . At 90 , Bush 41 ` enjoys life to the fullest ' The younger Bush called "  41 : A Portrait of My Father , " "  a pretty good read " about the man he said is the best one-term president in U.S. history . He said the inspiration came from a conversation with the daughter of renowned presidential biographer David McCullough , who told him that her father had always wished he could have read a book by John Quincy Adams about his father , John Adams . Bush said he thought : "  Well , I can do that . " During the 45-minute event , the younger Bush told a number of stories about his father -- some funny and some touching . He said his father thinks about the men he served with when he was a pilot during World War II -- including radio man John Delaney and gunner Ted White , who died when their plane was shot down . The elder Bush was the only survivor . Bush said he did n't know until he started researching for the book that his father had invited the sisters of Delaney and White to visit him in the Oval Office . "  That 's one of the most difficult aspects of the presidency is to be the comforter-in-chief , and I learned at the knee of the master , " he said . He also discussed the friendship his father developed with his 1992 rival and then successor , former President Bill Clinton . That relationship , he said , speaks to "  Bill Clinton 's great respect for George H.W. Bush , and George H.W. Bush 's great humility that he would n't allow an election to intercede a unique friendship . " And he told several humorous childhood stories -- including the young family 's move from Yale University to Odessa , Texas , where they lived in a duplex and shared a bathroom with two "  ladies of the night . " He said his father once discovered that a 6-year-old George W. Bush had stolen toy soldiers from a local shop , and made him return them and apologize to the store 's owner . "  It was n't just putting them back in this little bowl that I 'd taken them from , " he said . "  It was apologizing and learning responsibility . " He said when he was 18 , his parents invited him to dinner one-on-one , and it became clear that his mother had something she wanted to discuss . "  I discovered and ash tray under your bed . You smoke , " Barbara Bush said . "  And Dad looked at her and said , ` So do you . ' " The event came amid increased focus on the Bush family as another member , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , considers a run for president -- with a decision expected late this year or early next year . Busy week under way for Bush 41 Bush said it "  would be awesome " if his brother Jeb runs for the White House -- and that his brother and Hillary Clinton are "  the two most qualified people in being able to tell you what it 's like to be president . " "  He ought to run for president and would be a great president should he win , " Bush said of his brother . But he said his brother is making a "  very personal decision " about whether a presidential campaign would be right for his family , and that outside pressure is n't going to influence his decision . Also , he said , his brother is troubled by the idea of a political class . "  The idea of Bush , Clinton , Bush , Obama , Bush troubles him , " he said . " ... I said , ` How 's this sound : Bush , Clinton , Bush , Obama , Clinton ? ' The point is , you do n't get to pick the environment in which you run . "	President George W. Bush has written a personal biography of his father , President George H.W. Bush Bush said he wanted his father to be alive to read the book and understand how his son feels about him Bush also said it "  would be awesome " if his brother Jeb Bush runs for the White House in 2016
CNN  -- Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , was charged Tuesday with first-degree murder and attempted murder in the beheading of a 54-year-old woman last week at his former workplace in Oklahoma and in the stabbing attack on another woman , said Cleveland County District Attorney Greg Mashburn . Nolen was also charged with a third felony , assault with a deadly weapon , the prosecutor said . The attempted murder charge is also called assault and battery with a deadly weapon , Mashburn said . "  It is highly likely I will seek the death penalty in this case , " he said , adding that he would first consult with the victim 's family before making his decision . Nolen , a recent convert to Islam , is accused of carrying out the attacks Thursday at a Vaughan Foods processing plant soon after he learned he 'd lost his job there . Nolen was trying "  to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible " for his job loss , Mashburn said . The large kitchen knife used in the attack came from Nolen 's home , Mashburn said . The FBI is also investigating the attack because Nolen "  was saying Arabic terms in the attack , " Mashburn said . Nolen 's Facebook page uses the name Jah ` Keem Yisrael . The cover photo appears to be of fighters holding weapons . The postings include all-caps messages about Islam and quotations from the Quran . Gov. Mary Fallin called the attack "  an act of cowardice , brutality and barbarism . " The Oklahoma Department of Homeland Security is also investigating the incident . "  That investigation is still ongoing , and it is unclear at this time whether the crime was an act of terrorism , workplace violence or a gruesome combination of both , " Fallin said in a statement . The attack Police said Nolen walked into the Vaughan Foods front office Thursday and attacked one of the first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked Traci Johnson , 43 . Johnson was one of three people Nolen was targeting , authorities said , and he was n't able to reach the other two . Hufford was attacked despite not being one of the three intended targets , the prosecutor said . Court papers said Nolen grabbed Hufford from behind and "  immediately began cutting her across the throat with the large knife , with a back and forth sawing motion . " Nolen then grabbed Johnson and "  cut her across the throat and left side of her face with the knife " in an attempt at a second beheading , according to a police affidavit . See copy of court papers and police affidavit Mashburn said that while Nolen was employed at the plant , he made statements "  saying he did n't like white people , " which prompted Johnson to file a complaint with the plant 's human resources department . The ` local hero ' Mark Vaughan , the company CEO and a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , confronted and twice shot Nolen , authorities said . Vaughan arrived at the plant with a rifle and shot Nolen as he was charging with knife in hand , Mashburn said . Nolen is now hospitalized , Mashburn said . Fallin called Vaughan "  a local hero ... whose whose response saved at least one life and possibly saved others . " "  Mark 's actions also serve as a reminder that the rights outlined in the Second Amendment , which protect the ability of law-abiding citizens to carry weapons , save lives , " the governor added . In unrelated incidents , Nolen was convicted of assault and battery on a police officer , escape from detention and possession of marijuana , all in January 2011 , according to court papers filed by prosecutors . CNN 's Javier de Diego contributed to this report .	Governor says it 's unclear whether attack was terrorism , job violence or both Co-worker complained after Nolen spoke of not liking white people , official says FBI involved because suspect "  was saying Arabic terms " during attacks , official says Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault
CNN  -- Vice President Al Gore and his wife , Tipper , have sent an e-mail to family friends announcing a mutual decision to separate , a longtime family friend told CNN . "  We are announcing today that after a great deal of thought and discussion , we have decided to separate , " the message said . "  This is very much a mutual and mutually supportive decision that we have made together following a process of long and careful consideration . We ask for respect for our privacy and that of our family , and we do not intend to comment further . " Gore spokeswoman Kalee Kreider confirmed the authenticity of the e-mail but declined to comment further . The couple , married for 40 years , has four grown children and three grandchildren . Al and Tipper Gore 's dramatic kiss on the podium of the Democratic National Convention in 2000 was credited for giving him a more human image in his presidential run . "  The sheer carnality of the kiss -- the ca n't - wait-to-get-back-to-the-hotel-room urgency , the sexual electricity flowing south -- was riveting , " Time magazine 's Lance Morrow wrote at the time . CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger described the kiss as "  one of the most memorable moments of the campaign . " "  For those of us who have watched political couples over the years , this is sad , " Borger said . "  They are a real couple . " Since losing the 2000 presidential race , Gore has been active in environmental causes , but he has also pursued business interests . He co-founded Generation Investment Management , a company that promotes "  a new approach to sustainable investing . " Gore is also the chairman of Current TV , a cable and satellite television network he co-founded . He also serves as a director for Google and Apple Computer . His best-selling book about global warming -- "  An Inconvenient Truth " -- was the subject of an Oscar-winning documentary . After leaving Washington and returning to Nashville , Tennessee , Tipper Gore considered but decided against a run for a U.S. Senate seat in her home state in 2002 .	Al and Tipper Gore e-mail friends about their separation Split is a "  mutually supportive decision , " they said Gores have been married 40 years Gores have four children , three grandchildren
CNN  -- Tyler , the Creator was arrested at the SXSW festival on Saturday , but the rapper still managed to make it to another concert that weekend . The artist , whose given name is Tyler Okonma , gave a performance at the Austin music festival on Thursday night that led police to charge the 23-year-old with a misdemeanor for allegedly inciting a riot . Okonma 's been accused of encouraging attendees at his Thursday show "  to force themselves past venue employees controlling access at the venue which was already at full capacity " on more than one occasion , says a statement from the Austin Police Department . Okonma 's alleged actions were not only against the law , the APD says in its release , but would have been "  an immediate danger and injury to persons , " and as a result "  can not be tolerated . " While Austin did n't have such a warm welcome -- Okonma promised to return to the city when things were more "  chill " -- he still had a great time in Dallas following Saturday 's arrest after being released on bond . New Zealand refuses entry to rap group Odd Future	Tyler , the Creator was arrested in Austin Rapper accused of inciting a riot at SXSW He said he will return to the Texas capital when things are more "  chill "
CNN Student News  -- May 2 , 2014 Covered this Friday : Malaysia 's government releases a preliminary report on a missing plane , and Nigerians search for the kidnappers of hundreds of girls . In the U.S. , a former president joins American veterans on the mountain bike trail , and a Maryland educator receives one of the highest honors in his field . We also cover an act of kindness that made prom night more special for two teenage couples . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What message does it send when a president or other high-profile leader honors individuals for their contributions to society ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What current pope presided over this week 's canonization ceremony for two previous popes ? 2 . What is one kind of college savings account that has tax advantages over regular savings accounts ? 3 . What is the nickname of a large area of the central United States that is most vulnerable to violent storms ? 4 . What term describes the rivalry between the U.S. and the Soviet Union that lasted from World War II until 1991 ? 5 . What award is Sean McComb , a 30-year-old educator from Maryland , the 62nd person to receive ? 6 . What city is scheduled to host the 2016 Summer Olympics ? 7 . What Middle Eastern country held its first nationwide elections since U.S. troops left in 2011 ? 8 . What deadly coronavirus has sickened hundreds of people primarily in the Middle East ? 9 . What former U.S. president is on a 62-mile mountain bike ride with military veterans ? 10 . What country 's prime minister resigned after taking responsibility for his government 's response to a tragic ferry sinking ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- They arrived in the United States from West Africa , young girls held against their will and forced to work for hours on end . But this time , it did n't happen hundreds of years ago . Nicole 's journey started in 2002 , when she was barely 12 , in her small village in western Ghana . She and about 20 other girls were held in plain sight , but always under the watchful eyes of their captors . "  It was like being trapped , like being in a cage , " said "  Nicole , " now 19 . CNN agreed not to use her real name . "  I always have to behave , behave , behave , behave . No freedom at all . " The girls ' families sent them to the United States after being assured they would receive a better education . But once they arrived , they were forced to work in hair braiding shops across the Newark area -- just a short drive from New York City , right in the shadow of the Statue of Liberty . The girls , who are now young women , have never spoken publicly before , until now . "  It was horrible , " said Zena Amevor , who was 15 when she was brought over from Togo . "  Sometimes there was not enough food for us to eat . ... It was like a prison . I was just stuck there . ... It was horrible . " For the first time , the former slaves provided details about their horrifying odyssey and an intimate view into the world of human trafficking and contemporary slavery . "  Jacqueline " was 13 when her family sent her to the United States , not knowing that a woman she called "  auntie " was a human trafficker . It was unclear if the woman was a blood relative . "  My dad ... worked hard so I could go to school , so when my auntie came and told my family that I could go to a school in the U.S. ... they trusted her , " she said . "  Everyone was happy about it . " The girls worked in the salons right out in the open , in front of customers . They were on their feet all day , sometimes for more than 12 hours , weaving intricate and elaborate hair braids , seven days a week . This went on for more than five years . "  We stood there all day , just braiding , " Jacqueline said . "  If they want really small braids , you stay there sometimes until 2 a.m. ... That 's every day . " At times , they were forced to braid the hair of American teenagers no older than they were -- girls who were free and had no idea the people braiding their hair were slaves . "  I wished I could go with them , " Nicole said . "  Most of the time , I 'd end up just breaking down later crying ... because when I see teenagers going around , going to the movies and just being a teen ... I just could n't understand why my life has to be this way ... " In one of the many ironies in the case , the customers whose hair was braided by the slave girls were mostly African-American women , many of whom could have been descendants of slaves brought to America generations ago . Slavery through trafficking continues widely today in the United States , though often undetected , according to law enforcement officials . Nicole , Zena , Jacqueline and the other girls were held in groups in several houses around Newark and East Orange , New Jersey . The girls were brought to the United States at different times between 2002 and 2007 , according to court documents . As the group grew , the traffickers ran out of places to put them and had to rent more living quarters . The homes were always in the middle of residential areas with manicured lawns and nice houses , often near churches , schools and community buildings . "  I think it 's hard for people to believe that in 2010 , we have people who actually put people in slavery , " said Paul Fishman , the U.S. attorney for New Jersey , whose office successfully prosecuted the case . "  It 's the most fundamental and intolerable violation of human rights . " The traffickers convicted in this case were a mother , father and son who also came from West Africa , according to court documents and law enforcement officials . Nicole , Zena and Jacqueline described living in fear shortly after they arrived in the United States , forced to work by day at the hair salons and sleeping in groups on the floor at night . "  When I got here ... I asked her if I was going to school , and she said there was no school , " Jacqueline said , referring to her auntie , the trafficking ringleader . "  I said , ` I 'm not going to school ? ' -LSB- and -RSB- she said , ` no ' ... and that was her decision and she was n't going to change it . " The captors controlled the girls by beating them , withholding food , keeping them separated from anyone else and , at times , through sexual abuse , according to court documents . The young women who spoke to CNN described years of cruelty , physical abuse , beatings with wood or metal objects , extreme isolation and sleeping on mattresses on floors in filthy conditions . Even their phone calls back to their families were monitored by their captors . "  I always thought of running -LSB- away -RSB- , but I know nobody , " Zena said . "  I do n't know where to go , did n't have -LSB- any -RSB- friends , nobody to talk to , so it was kind of hard . ... I had nowhere to go to . " Five years after the girls began arriving , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents received a tip and began extensive surveillance on the houses where the girls were kept . After months of surveillance , the ICE agents raided the houses in 2007 . Inside , they found the girls and mattresses on the floor . The traffickers had hidden bags of cash and the girls ' passports . Peter Edge , who led the team of agents , said none of the girls ' customers ever called officials to help . "  Hundreds of people came into these salons , they probably witnessed things out of the ordinary , " said Edge , special agent in charge of ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations in Newark . "  These girls were shielded from the outside world , virtually hidden in plain sight ... from everything else that was around them . " Edge and the girls said several customers asked about the girls ' ages , and the girls -- following the orders of their captors -- lied and said they were 18 . "  I wish one of my customers ... would have gone to police , " Nicole said . "  I wish they would have helped me . " In the 2007 raid , the ICE agents found a notebook the girls used to track the tips they received , but could n't keep , at the hair salon . Ironically , on the cover of the notebook was a picture of the Statue of Liberty . More than two years later , Akouavi Afolabi ; her husband , Lassissi Afolabi ; and their son , Dereck Hounakey , were convicted of running the trafficking ring . Akouavi Afolabi was the ringleader , while her husband and son were accomplices , according to court documents . In September of this year , a Newark court sentenced Akouavi Afolabi to 27 years in prison , while her husband received 24 years and their son received 4 1/2 years . The girls had to testify against the Afolabis in court . "  I remember crying . All I did was cry . It was overwhelming , " Nicole said . "  I told myself , ` She finally got what she deserved ' ... she did really , really wrong . She treated us bad . And she was heartless ... and I 'm happy she was caught . " Court records show the Afolabis knew many of the families whose girls they lured away to become their slaves . They had an elaborate scheme to lure the girls : Mrs. Afolabi would approach families of young girls in Ghana and Togo , where she had connections , and tell the families she would give the girls an education in the United States . They then used fraudulent visa papers to sneak the girls into the country . Experts say the main reason for most modern-day human trafficking is money . "  Human trafficking is extremely profitable , " said Bridgette Carr , a law professor and a national expert on human trafficking . The customers at the hair braiding salon where Zena and Nicole were forced to work would sometimes pay as much as $ 200 to $ 400 for elaborate braiding that would take many hours to complete . The traffickers took every penny made by the girls , both in tips and payments for their hair braiding . They made about $ 4 million , according to court documents . "  It 's so profitable that we are seeing some drug traffickers get out of drug trafficking and into human trafficking , " said Carr , who teaches law at the University of Michigan Law School in Ann Arbor . Carr heads a clinic that is helping Nicole and many of the other girls move ahead with their lives . "  Sadly , the work of our clinic is necessary in every community in America , " she said . "  Human trafficking , also known as modern-day slavery , exists in big cities , in small towns , in rural areas with no towns , exists in restaurants , in hair salons , in hotels and in farmwork . "  Almost every industry you can think of , there is an opportunity there for someone to be exploited . This is everywhere in the U.S. " Today , Nicole , Zena , Jacqueline and the other girls are trying to move on with their lives . Several are in high school , and one has recently been accepted into college . Most of the girls have not been able to return home to see their families in West Africa . When asked why she agreed to finally talk out about such a painful chapter of her life , Nicole said she wanted to raise awareness about what other young girls may be going through . "  I want to tell people that slavery exists , " she said . "  It 's huge , and it 's really happening here . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Zena and Nicole were sent from West Africa to the U.S. with promise of an education They and others ended up working as slaves in hair braiding salons in New Jersey They spoke out for the first time about their ordeal to CNN "  American Slaves : Hiding in Plain Sight " airs tonight on AC360  at 10 ET on CNN
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- A key rebel commander and fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the Colombian military said Monday . Alleged cocaine trafficker and FARC rebel Tomas Medina Caracas in an Interpol photo . Tomas Medina Caracas , known popularly as "  El Negro Acacio , " was a member of the high command of the Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia and , according to Colombian and U.S. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network . He had been in the cross-hairs of the U.S. Justice Department since 2002 . He was charged with conspiracy to import cocaine into the United States and manufacturing and distributing cocaine within Colombia to fund the FARC 's 42-year insurgency against the government . U.S. officials alleged Medina Caracas managed the rebel group 's sales of cocaine to international drug traffickers , who in turn smuggled it into the United States . He was also indicted in the United States along with two other FARC commanders in November 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two U.S. oil workers from neighboring Venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . Officials said the army 's Rapid Response Force , backed by elements of the Colombian Air Force , tracked Medina Caracas down at a FARC camp in the jungle in the south of the country . "  After a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four GPS systems , " Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos said at a news conference . "  The death of ` El Negro Acacio ' was confirmed by various sources , including members of FARC itself . " Medina Caracas commanded FARC 's 16th Front in the southern departments of Vichada and Guainia . Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party , FARC is Colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group , according to the U.S. Department of State . E-mail to a friend Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Tomas Medina Caracas was a fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment "  El Negro Acacio " allegedly helped manage extensive cocaine network U.S. Justice Department indicted him in 2002 Colombian military : He was killed in an attack on a guerrilla encampment
Washington  CNN  -- Under fire after veterans died waiting for appointments at VA hospitals , Veteran Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki will say Thursday that he is "  angered and saddened " but wo n't be providing much detail about how his department is correcting the problems , according to prepared congressional testimony obtained by CNN . In fact , Shinseki , who is scheduled to testify in front of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee on Thursday , wo n't even acknowledge that there are problems . Finally , Senate and vets to hear from Shinseki on growing scandal According to the written testimony , Shinseki will say the VA Inspector General 's Office , which has launched an independent investigation , has advised the department not to provide information that could compromise their inquiry . "  I am personally angered and saddened by any adverse consequence that a veteran might experience while in , or as a result of , our care , " he says in the prepared testimony . Last month , CNN revealed that at least 40 veterans died waiting for appointments at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care system , according to sources inside the hospital and a doctor who worked there . Many of those veterans were placed on a secret waiting list , the sources said . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital 's secret list Since November , CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country where numerous VA staffers have stepped forward to allege dangerously long wait times and efforts by VA officials to cover them up . The VA has previously admitted that 23 veterans passed away because of delays , and 53 others had adverse health effects at VA facilities across the country . Sources now tell CNN the Office of Inspector General is investigating in six states , including Arizona . "  In response to allegations about scheduling and delays at the Phoenix VA , " Shinseki will say according to the testimony , "  I invited an independent investigation by the VA Office of Inspector General  OIG  to conduct a comprehensive , thorough and timely review . "  If these allegations are true , they are completely unacceptable -- to veterans , to me and to our dedicated VHA employees , " Shinseki says in the prepared testimony . "  If they are substantiated by OIG , responsible and timely action will be taken . " Shinseki also said that he has placed three employees , including two senior executives , on administrative leave at the request of the Inspector General 's office . Shinseki will also tell lawmakers that he has directed the Veterans Health Administration to "  complete a nationwide access review , " according to the testimony . President Barack Obama has appointed Rob Nabors , his deputy chief of staff , to assist Veterans Affairs officials conduct the review . "  America has a sacred trust with the men and women who serve our country in uniform -- one that continues when they come home -- and we must do everything to keep that trust , " Obama said in a statement Wednesday . The inspector general 's investigation and access review , along with the administrative leave , have all been previously made public . Two VA employees in North Carolina on leave Scheduler in Texas claims waits for appointments were covered up November : A dire situation in South Carolina CNN 's Scott Bronstein contributed to this report	CNN has obtained prepared congressional testimony by Eric Shinseki The Veterans Affairs secretary is scheduled to testify to a Senate panel Thursday His statements reflect concern but offer no specifics in the response to VA scandal Since November , CNN has uncovered delays in care at VA facilities across the country
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Sectarian violence flared up Saturday in Londonderry as Protestants continued their annual marching season in this predominantly Catholic city in Northern Ireland . Violence erupted earlier in the day in the city -- also known as Derry to some residents -- when masked youths attacked police vehicles with petrol bombs and a pipe bomb , setting fire to and hijacking a number of vehicles . The clashes followed the annual Apprentice Boys ' parade , when about 10,000 Protestants marched in remembrance of the 1689 anniversary of the siege of Derry by England 's Catholic ruler James II . Police said protesters hurled several dozen petrol bombs early Saturday and a mail van was later hijacked and set on fire as the main parade started . The Police Service of Northern Ireland warned members of the public to avoid the area . Three people have been charged in connection with the disorder , with several more arrested , police said . The area was later reported quiet , with local sources describing the earlier violence as "  sustained rioting during a short period of time . " However , there was further sporadic violence later in the evening . Derry 's hard-line Catholic , republican-nationalist groups opposed to the Irish peace process have reacted violently in previous years to these annual Protestant marches , seeing them as provocations . Protestant groups claim they have the right to follow their centuries-old tradition . There was rioting earlier in the summer with some of the worst violence in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast following a parade by the main Protestant marching organisation , the Orange Order . The province suffered decades of violence known locally as the Troubles , in which more than 3,500 people were killed before a 1998 peace accord known as the Good Friday Agreement . The Troubles pitted mostly Catholic republicans , who want the province to become part of the Republic of Ireland , against pro-British loyalists , who are mostly Protestant . This year has been one of the most violent since the Good Friday Agreement .	Protestants march in Londonderry , a predominantly Catholic city Masked youths attack police vehicles Sporadic violence continues into the evening
CNN  -- "  I want to be frozen on the hope that they 'll find whatever I died of and bring me back , " Larry King told a shocked group of dinner guests gathered at his Beverly Hills home for a party hosted by him and his wife , Shawn . "  CNN Presents : A Larry King Special : Dinner with the Kings " airs at 8 p.m. ET Sunday . No topic was off-limits when Conan O'Brien , Tyra Banks , Shaquille O'Neal , Seth MacFarlane , Jack Dorsey , Quincy Jones and Russell Brand discussed friendship , insecurities , success , worries , life , death and nearly everything in between . MacFarlane asked the CNN host whether he was "  maybe a little obsessed with your own mortality , like I am ? " "  Oh , I fear death , " King told the "  Family Guy " creator . "  My biggest fear is death , because I do n't think I 'm going anywhere . And since I do n't think that , and I do n't have a belief ... I 'm married to someone who has the belief , so she knows she 's going somewhere . " Although mortality was a topic of discussion , the dinner party was far from macabre . Not only did British funnyman Brand rummage through Shawn 's underwear drawer  on camera , no less  , the multicourse meal was prepared by Wolfgang Puck . "  This is big news , " O'Brien said . "  You would like to be frozen ? This is news to me . " "  It 's the only hedging of a bet , " answered King . The comedian and host of TBS 's  sister station to CNN  "  Conan , " still in shock , told the group , "  I just want to make sure that we stick with the headline here , which is that you wish to be frozen . " MacFarlane wondered aloud whether King wished to live forever . "  Yeah , you bet your ass , " King said . "  Here 's the thing , " O'Brien continued . . "  You just revealed that you want to be frozen ... " "  Why you hung on that ? " asked King . "  Listen , two things just happened , " O'Brien joked . "  You revealed you want your head chopped off and frozen , and Russell Brand went into your wife 's room and stole your underwear . And now you 're moving on with your prepared questions . " When the subject turned to friendship , King told the group that he had an "  unusual situation " because he remains friends with three individuals he 's known since the age of 10 . "  Well , these are people you fought in the Civil War with , Larry , " joked O'Brien . "  That 's a bond . When you 're fighting the Confederacy , that 's an incredible bond , Larry . " O'Neal told party guests that his mother is his best friend . "  We started out together in Newark , New Jersey , " explained the basketball great . "  And throughout all the tough times , she was there . She was really my real role model . My mother 's always been there for me . She 's my best friend . Before I do something or say something crazy , I always think about how it could affect her . " MacFarlane had similar sentiments . "  Both my parents were unbelievably supportive , " he said . "  They were ex-hippies and so , thank God , never wanted me to become a lawyer or anything like that . My mom used to call every Monday morning after ` Family Guy ' would air , and either rave about the show or say , ` Eh , I did n't think this was as funny as some of the other ones . ' And I would always look forward to that call . " MacFarlane lost his mother last year after a battle with cancer . O'Brien opened up about the insecurities within him that plague him to this day . He talked about a group of inner-city kids who came to visit the "  Conan " set . "  One of the girls -- she must have been 16 , 17 years old -- said to me , ` How do you get over your insecurity ? When does that go away ? ' And I said , ` You never get over it . ' And she was shocked . " Jones also chimed in on insecurities and success . "  The prime rule back in the '40s was , you have to be humble with your creativity and gracious with your success . We did n't think about money or fame ever . " King asked Twitter inventor Dorsey what makes him angry . "  Inaction , " answered Dorsey . "  People seeing something just inhumane going wrong and just not doing anything about it . " King asked Banks what people 's biggest misunderstanding is about her . "  When I created my show , " said the fashion and beauty guru , "  I also created a persona on ` Top Model , ' and it 's a character . ... That is a character . I do n't do that . " MacFarlane told the group , "  I think people , because of ` Family Guy ' , think that I 'm a heartless frat guy , playboy type . Could not be further from the truth , I 'm actually very shy . I fall asleep each night with a book in my hands . My favorite movie is ` The Sound of Music . ' " As dinner wrapped up , King asked his guests what they were most grateful for . He turned to Dorsey first , and Brand reminded him to do so "  in 140 characters or less . " Dorsey said he is most grateful for "  being able to wake up every day and do what I love . " King spoke to CNN.com about "  Dinner with the Kings . " "  The problem was editing it , " he said . "  We did about two hours , but had to edit it down to a one-hour show . " King said that he would love to do a few dinner party specials a year . "  I hope people enjoy it , " King said . "  I hope that enough people like it that we do it on a regular basis . I 've done a lot of things in my life and this was one of the big kicks . I think it 's a great idea and I think that it works . " King also opened up about some misconceptions about himself . "  People sometimes think I 'm sort of all-knowing , " he explained . "  When you reach a certain age and people see you on television , they look at you and think , ` Wow ! Everything must be great ! ' Well , everything is n't always great . You can be hailed on the streetcorner , but you still have to go home and take out the garbage . You have one kid who does n't want to go to school , another has an earache . ... "  Here 's an example : My wife is late getting somewhere . One kid is yelling , another kid is out on his bike , and he has n't come home , and I 'm out in front of the house looking for him , and a tour bus goes by . So I got ta stop and smile and wave at a tour bus . It 's like leading two lives , and it 's crazy . "	Larry King : "  My biggest fear is death , because I do n't think I 'm going anywhere " Conan O'Brien on Larry 's friends : "  These are people you fought in the Civil War with " Tyra Banks on "  Top Model " : "  That is a character . I do n't do that " Seth MacFarlane : He 's not "  heartless frat guy , " and his favorite film is "  Sound of Music "
CNN  -- This Twitter thing has been coming on like gangbusters . The messaging site has been around for a couple of years , but its popularity seems to have exploded just recently . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . Everyone from BarackObama to John Cleese to NASA to the consulate of Israel has a Twitter account . Heck , even yours truly does ! Do you ? Follow me and I 'll follow you back . Twitter is really more of a social commons than a full-blown social network like MySpace or Facebook . It pretty much does one thing : allows people to "  tweet " what they 're up to  or what they 're thinking about  in 140 characters or less . Call it micro-blogging , if you will , but it 's about as close to the "  Keep It Simple , Stupid "  K.I.S.S.  ideal as it gets . People can follow your tweets and you can follow theirs -- that 's pretty much it . There are some third-party apps out there that can help you organize and seek out the information flying around out there in the Twittersphere , but it all pretty much stays in the nutshell . With the overwhelming amount of widgets and gadgets and gizmos and doohickeys and whatnots attached to every other social network out there , is n't it nice to be able to get away with plain ol' simple every now and again ? Since we 're sticking with the "  less is more " aesthetic , I 'm just going to give you 10 Twitter tips instead of the 20 I could have stretched this into . You 're welcome ! 1 . Be yourself , but beware . Say whatever you feel like saying , but remember that whatever you write could exist in the digital universe forever . Proceed with extreme caution . 2 . Do n't be afraid to interact with others . If you like something they say , reply by clicking the little grey arrow that appears when you hover over one of their tweets . You can also simply type in @username  replacing "  username " with whatever their username happens to be on Twitter  . This is the formal way to address someone on Twitter . iReport.com : Do you agree with these tips ? Share some of yours 3 . Follow celebrities . They may never interact with you , but at least you can interact with them . It 's no longer a question of who is on Twitter -- but who IS N'T on Twitter . 4 . Use Twitter from your desktop . Twitter has something called an API  Application Programming Interface  , which allows programmers to create experiences around Twitter for the community . Because of this , there have been an amazing array of applications released that will allow you to manage your Twitter account easily . There 's Twitterrific , TweetDeck , and Twhirl -- just to name a few . 5 . Find friends fast . If you 're looking for new friends , a quick search for some of your favorite things on search.twitter.com will quickly reveal who you should be friending on Twitter . Maybe they 'll follow you back ? 6 . Follow government officials . If your elected official is n't on http://tweetcongress.org , then they 're behind the times . Heck , even the Library of Congress is on Twitter ! 7 . Crowdsource . If you have an idea , or a question , do n't hold it in -- let it be known to all ! Who knows -- someone just may answer your call for help . 8 . Tweetups . Keep your eye out for these things . They 're meetups for people on Twitter , and there 's likely one happening regularly in your neck of the woods . I 've taken to hosting one monthly in the Seattle area , as a matter of fact . Meet Twitter people -- tweeps , tweeple -- in meatspace ! 9 . Retweet . If you like something that someone else has tweeted , you can "  RT "  retweet  it . This gives the original person credit , and also lets your followers know what you like . That 's community ! 10 . Go with the flow . If you think you know better than everybody else , you 're wrong -- the same netiquette rules apply on Twitter as well as on the rest of the Internet . Do you have any Twitter tips to pass along ? You could even share the link to this article on Twitter and it might become the most popular story today !	CNN tech columnist Chris Pirillo offers 10 tips on how to be a good Twitterer Say whatever you feel , but also remember that it could exist on the Web forever Crowdsource . If you have an idea , or a question , do n't hold it in -- let it be known ! Keep your eye out for Tweetups , which are meetups for people on Twitter
CNN  -- A niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren appeared Tuesday at an Irish court hearing on charges that included air rage related to an incident on Monday , CNN affiliate TV3 reported . A judge was considering a bail application for Jennifer Lauren , 41 , the Irish commercial broadcaster reported . Lauren spent Monday night at the Shannon Garda Station and appeared Tuesday at the hearing , which was held in a pub , state broadcaster RTE reported . Local media reported that the unlikely location was because there was no dedicated courthouse in the area . The incident occurred aboard a Barcelona-to-New York flight that was diverted to Shannon Airport . Lauren is charged with engaging in threatening , abusive or insulting behavior intended to disrupt the peace or being reckless as to whether a breach of the peace might have been caused , RTE said . She is also charged with being intoxicated "  to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable apprehension that you might endanger yourself or other persons on board on the same date on the same flight , " RTE said . And she is further charged with engaging in behavior likely to cause serious offense or annoyance to anyone aboard the plane after having been asked by a flight member to stop acting that way , it said . The incident led the captain of the Delta Air Lines Flight 477 , with 216 passengers , to land at Shannon , where Lauren was arrested . A Delta spokesman said the diversion was due to "  an unruly customer . " The plane resumed its flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport more than two hours later . A lawyer for Lauren , Sharon Curley , did not immediately return a call or e-mail seeking comment . But she told Killaloe District Court that her client would plead guilty to the charges , RTE said . At Tuesday 's district court hearing in the Brian Boru pub in the adjoining Lough Derg town of Ballina , Judge Patrick Durcan said that Lauren 's case would be heard Wednesday in Ennis and that he would weigh the disruption to the airline and passengers , RTE added . Lauren was expected to pay bail of 2,500 euros Tuesday . Lauren runs a business in the United States called Jenny Lauren Jewelry . Her 2004 memoir , "  Homesick : A Memoir of Family , Food and Finding Hope , " describes her effort to overcome an eating disorder and related health problems during her teens and 20s .	Charges include engaging in threatening , abusive or disruptive behavior The hearing is held in a pub because there is no dedicated courthouse in the area Delta cites "  an unruly customer " for the diversion The flight was delayed more than two hours
CNN  -- The Irrawaddy , one of the world 's rarest species of freshwater dolphins , have been found in surprisingly large numbers deep in the waterlogged jungles of Bangladesh . The Irrawaddy is considered to be one of the world 's rarest species of freshwater dolphin . Conservationists thought the Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred , but they have now counted almost 6,000 of them in the Sundarban mangrove forests and the adjacent waters of the Bay of Bengal . The forests of the Sundarban -- Bengali for "  beautiful forest " -- lie at the delta of the Ganges and two other rivers on the Bay of Bengal . Until now , little mammal research had taken place in the area . "  Every time we had done a study to look into the population  elsewhere  , they came out critically endangered , " said Brian Smith of the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society , who led the study . "  It was a very pleasant surprise and a shock to find that Bangladesh supports such a large number  of dolphins  . " The discovery is noteworthy because scientists do not know how many Irrawaddy dolphins remain . The next step , they say , is to ensure the mammal 's survival . One rare dolphin species -- the Yangtze River dolphin , or baiji -- is extinct . Another , the Ganges River dolphin , is critically endangered . Some of the threats affecting the Irrawaddy are man-made . The construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of Bangladesh . And the population is dwindling because the dolphins sometimes get caught in fishermen 's nets . The dolphin , which has a large , rounded head , can grow up to 8 feet in length and is related to the orca , or killer whale . It is found in large rivers , estuaries and freshwater lagoons in south and southeast Asia . In Myanmar , the dolphins help herd schools of fish toward fishermen 's boats and nets . In Bangladesh , fishermen hold them in high regard , Smith said . "  There is no market for dolphin products , " he said . "  In a country like Bangladesh , with protein deficiency and where food is scarce , there is a real cultural prohibition against harming them . It gives us hope because it means fishermen are very receptive to working with us . " The results of the study were shared Wednesday at a conference for marine mammal protected areas in Hawaii , and published in the winter issue of the Journal of Cetacean Research and Management . Conservationists are now working with the Bangladesh government to establish a protected area for the dolphins . "  There are so many bad news  stories  coming out of the conservation community that this is a real sort of positive story , " Smith said .	Rare species of freshwater dolphins found in Bangladesh 's waterlogged jungles Fears Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred However , researchers have now counted almost 6,000
CNN  -- Containing the Ebola outbreak sweeping West Africa is plausible -- but action needs to be taken immediately , before affected states potentially collapse and the virus spirals out of control , campaigner Bob Geldof says . "  Even out of self-interest you have to act in these instances , " Geldof told CNN 's Max Foster . "  There is no time-lag between what happens in the poor parts of the world and it affecting us , which is why we have to ... intervene quite radically and effectively and immediately . " Since the outbreak started in March , about 9,000 Ebola cases and 4,493 deaths have been reported , mostly in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , according to the World Health Organization . The WHO has warned there could be up to 10,000 new Ebola cases per week across the three hardest-hit nations by the end of the year . Geldof , the musician responsible for coordinating Live Aid concerts to draw attention to famine in Africa in the 1980s , said people starved then because they could n't grow food and they and their governments had no money to buy any . "  In effect they died of poverty . "  The same is happening now in West Africa . They do n't have the doctors , nurses , hospitals , state systems that they have in Texas or Madrid and so once again , through no fault of their own , this virus is out of control in states where there are no systems -- because there is no money , " he said . In Sierra Leone , one of the nations worst-hit by Ebola , the situation was "  particularly tragic , " he said . "  Sierra Leone was just getting off its knees , beginning to breathe , the economy was beginning to have traction and people were beginning to get well educated , hospitals were being built , " Geldof said . "  You could be looking at -- some people think -- some sort of state collapse , which would be utterly unthinkable because the disease itself , should that happen , would then spiral away by itself . " But Geldof was hopeful the spread of the virus could be halted . "  With the right will , the right level of commitment , this can be contained . The issue is , will it be contained in time to stop these states collapsing and then other evils -- human evils -- emanating from that , " he said . "  I 've been briefed on what the response is and should all of it happen then I think it 's plausible . But it has to happen immediately , it has to happen now . It 's now beyond getting together and having a summit . It 's now calling up the various leaders and saying ` now , do it now , mobilize this thing instantly and proactively . " The medical organization Medicines San Frontieres -- or Doctors Without Borders -- had warned six months ago of the Ebola threat to the world and "  we should have put a stop to it then , " he said . An effective response , however , depended on more than "  just the usual suspects " of Western Europe and the United States getting involved , said Geldof . "  It should be in the interest to the Chinese and the Japanese and the Russians to contribute to this and we hear very little from them and we should hear more . "	An outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa has killed more than 4,400 people since March Campaigner and musician Bob Geldof says immediate action is needed to stop the crisis Geldof says Ebola 's spread is linked to poverty in the worst affected countries He warns affected states could collapse , allowing Ebola and "  human evils " to take hold
London  CNN  -- Five men picked up in a series of recent terror-related arrests have now been charged , London 's Metropolitan Police said Friday . Four of the men , who range in age from 20 to 24 , were charged under the Terrorism Act and are accused of taking an oath of allegience to ISIS , according to a statement from police . The extremist group operating in Iraq and Syria has urged lone followers in the West to stage terror attacks in their home countries . The fifth man arrested was charged with a firearms offense , according to police . Three other men arrested in the same series of raids over the last 10 days have been released . A woman who was arrested was released on bail until next week , police said . Authorities arrested the suspects after searching residences and vehicles in west and central London . At the time of the arrests , authorities said they may have foiled an early-stage terror plot with the arrests . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	Four men charged under Terrorism Act , police say Another man accused of firearms offense The men were arrested in a series of recent terror-related raids
CNN  -- In Chicago in 1968 , anti-war protesters at the Democratic National Convention chanted "  The Whole World Is Watching . " World news events of the past had few reporting electronically , but hundreds are in Iran . They were talking about television cameras that showed police beatings on the evening news . More than 40 years later , with a massive movement aimed at reversing election results and possibly even toppling a regime in Iran , online networking is instantly sharing protesters ' actions . And the whole world is watching . "  That was n't true in Chicago , " Clay Shirky , a writer , consultant and New York University instructor who focuses on the social impact of the Internet , said of the slogan . "  Now , it 's true . " The watching is n't the end of the story -- and may not even end up being its most important piece -- according to Shirky . "  Since we do n't know how this ends , the lessons are all provisional at the moment , " he said . "  But it seems to me that the biggest potential difference right now is not just that the whole world is watching , but that people from outside -- civilians from outside -- Iran are trying to actually affect the outcome . " From the moment Iranians took to the streets of Tehran to protest results of an election they believe President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stole , electronic media has been a part of the story . Demonstrators made plans by text message -- when they could get around reported government interference with their signals . Web sites like Facebook , Twitter , Flickr and YouTube were used to organize , drum up support and share images of street protests -- and the brutal retribution that sometimes followed -- with a world hungry for news . As the Iranian government began limiting the freedom of traditional news outlets to report in the country , citizen journalists became crucial in showing scenes from the movement . It 's the latest step forward in a media technology march that has included stops at the Spanish-American War , when telegraphs wired updates to the world , and the Vietnam War , when television first gave viewers a daily look at how the conflict was going . "  Every new technology gives those at home , or for that matter in the war rooms , a different way -LSB- to see -RSB- and perhaps a larger perspective on what 's out there , " said Susan Moeller , director of the University of Maryland 's International Center for Media and the Public Agenda . "  In Vietnam , you might have had two or three networks out there covering it -- you could count on your fingers the number of perspectives on what was going on , " she said . "  Today , you have the ability to literally have hundreds , if not hundreds of thousands , of perspectives from people not only of different geographical perspectives , but also from different cultural and philosophical perspectives . " Moeller said online networking sites like Twitter and Facebook have "  come into flowering " since even the most recent world events , like natural disasters or political upheavals , that have garnered widespread attention . The growing number of people becoming Web-savvy makes the online networks more powerful , she said . "  It 's not just the half-dozen geeks that used to be part of the HAM radio network , but millions of people have figured out how to sign up at Facebook and can get to -LSB- opposition candidate Mir Hossein -RSB- Moussavi 's Facebook site . " Sarah Jaffe , a blogger and self-professed "  new media geek " living in New York , is among those who have tuned in to the action in Iran through online media . In a blog Thursday titled , "  Iran Protests : It 's not about Twitter , it 's not about us , " she noted the important role the Internet has played in spreading the word and engaging the public . But at the end of the day , she said , the online tools are just that -- tools . And the real story is the massive , nonvirtual movement in Iran . "  I love Twitter and all that stuff ... but it 's not all about us , " she said to CNN Thursday . "  We would n't be paying attention on Twitter if it were not for thousands and possibly millions of people in the street . " Helping free up Internet access for Iranians creates a way for people all over the world to show support for those protesters from the comfort of their own homes , Shirky said . "  One of the easy criticisms to make of people on Facebook and Twitter is , ` You 're changing your avatar picture to green -LSB- the color Moussavi supporters wear -RSB- . Is n't that sweet ? How pointless , " he said . "  But one of the things that emboldens people turning out in the streets is visible evidence that there 's an audience outside their immediate area . " The online activism does raise some unanswered questions , though , according to Shirky . He said some of them are troubling . He noted that some of the Americans working to help Iranian dissidents fight their own government were among those who criticized former U.S. President George W. Bush for pushing for regime change in neighboring Iraq . "  It 's a kind of civilian diplomacy , " he said . "  The regime will certainly use this as evidence of American meddling and it is American meddling , " he said . "  It 's just not meddling by the American state . " The anonymity of online citizen journalism also presents problems for people trying to process the news . While some bloggers and frequent users of networking sites have become trusted names among followers of news out of Iran , it can be otherwise difficult to figure out who the source of a piece of information is . "  It puts a demand on the person at home to make sense of it , " Moeller said . "  And to be able to add some context and so forth . " Suspicion of intentional misinformation from the Iranian government also has rippled through the networks . For example , a Twitter user claiming to be an Iranian student was posting misinformation Wednesday -- including a report that demonstrations had been canceled -- and listed a phone number for a supposed safe house for protesters . And while it 's impossible to deny the game-changing impact the Internet is having on the Iranian situation , there 's no guarantee it will help topple Iran 's hard-line leadership , according to Moeller . "  It does n't mean we 're going to see the brand new day of Iran dawning , " she said . "  But the technology is there to stay . You ca n't pull the plug on the Internet . "	Experts on Iran : Online world is watching , acting Foreign activists have been key in helping Iran 's dissidents spread word Future impact of "  civilian diplomacy " online is unknown , expert says Despite its power , no sure thing Internet will bring change in Iran
CNN  -- Longtime film critic Roger Ebert , who lost much of his jaw to thyroid cancer , will show off his new face -- thanks to a prosthesis -- when his PBS show debuts this weekend . The creators of the prosthesis "  did a pretty wonderful damn job , " Ebert wrote in his online blog , which provided a few photos . "  I like my new prosthesis and know from observation their work was painstaking and done with love and care . " The process of crafting the silicone prosthesis and matching it to his face and features took about two years , Ebert said . The effort was led by Dr. David J. Reisberg . Since the cancer , Chicago-based Ebert , 68 , has been unable to speak or eat conventionally . He has used various text-to-speech technologies to provide a voice . According to "  Entertainment Tonight , " the Chicago Sun-Times critic is producing and will appear in brief segments in his new show "  Roger Ebert Presents At the Movies , " which launches on PBS stations nationwide . "  I will wear the prosthesis on the new television show , " Ebert wrote in a Wednesday evening post entitled "  Leading with my chin . " "  That 's not to fool anyone , because my appearance is widely known , " said Ebert , who appeared with the late Gene Siskel on a movie review show for more than 20 years . "  It will be used in a medium shot of me working in my office , and will be a pleasant reminder of the person I was for 64 years . " Ebert wrote he initially assumed he would wear the prosthesis all the time when he leaves the house . But his thoughts have changed , in part because people know what he looks like beneath the feature . "  And something else has happened since that day in the hospital : I accept the way I look . Lord knows I paid the dues . "	Longtime film critic lost part of jaw to cancer Two-year transformation features facial prosthesis A new PBS show debuts this weekend
Washington  CNN  -- The commander of U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan was escorted from a congressional hearing room after fainting during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday , his spokesman said . Gen. David Petraeus "  is feeling much better , " spokesman Col. Erik Gunhus said . "  It appeared that he fainted . " A doctor checked Petraeus out and he returned to the hearing room to continue , but committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin "  overruled him , " Gunhus said . "  Looks like we will continue tomorrow . He will be OK . " Petraeus returned amid applause to the hearing room . On his way out of the building , Petraeus told CNN 's Dana Bash , "  I 'm doing OK . I just got a little dehydrated . I ate a couple of bananas and drank some water . I did n't eat breakfast this morning . " Petraeus is the head of U.S. Central Command , which oversees the conduct of the U.S. wars in the Middle East and central Asia . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Petraeus was examined by a doctor in an outer room . "  They gave him some fruit and juice to get his blood sugar up and did all the tests you would do in the aftermath of an unusual episode like that , " Morrell said . "  He took some time , is feeling better and wanted to go back out to complete the hearing . " President Barack Obama called Petraeus from Air Force One while the president was en route back from Pensacola , Florida , a White House spokesman said . Obama got the impression , from his talk with Petraeus , that he is "  doing great , " deputy White House press secretary Bill Burton told reporters . "  Sounds like he was just a little dehydrated , " Burton said . A Pentagon official added that Petraeus "  goes nonstop and has kept his schedule like this for nine years . I do n't know if it was the schedule and pace at which he drives himself contributed to this . He indicated he did n't have breakfast or anything to eat or drink . He is back at the Pentagon working . He did not go for further medical tests . " Gunhus said , "  We have just returned from a weeklong overseas trip to Jordan and London and I think he was just dehydrated . He will be OK . We are back at the Pentagon working and executing his afternoon schedule . " Before Petraeus was escorted out , key senators questioned the progress and planning for U.S. efforts in Afghanistan . Opening the hearing , Levin , D-Michigan , questioned the ratio of U.S. and NATO troops to Afghan troops , urging a faster ramping up of Afghan security forces . "  Progress towards the goal of Afghans taking the lead in operations has been unsatisfactory . Today operations in Afghanistan are excessively dependent on coalition forces , " Levin said . Levin said in the coming campaign in Kandahar , there is a plan to have one Afghan service member for every two international troops . He called instead for a one-to-one ratio , with Afghan forces in the lead . His Republican counterpart , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in his opening remarks that the key trends were going in a "  bad direction , perhaps even signaling a mounting crisis . " "  Hoping for success on the arbitrary timeline set by the administration is simply unrealistic , " McCain said , calling for the president to say the U.S. will stay in Afghanistan until there is success . Moments before Petraeus ' fainting spell , McCain asked him about the president 's target to begin withdrawal of the additional troops by July of next year . "  July 2011 is not the date where we race for the exits . It is the date where , having done an assessment , we begin a process of transition of tasks to Afghan security forces based on conditions and begin a process of , quote , a responsible drawdown of our forces , " Petraeus explained . McCain expressed doubts about the timetable , as he has before . The Arizona senator worried that people in the region will assume America is leaving and that will strengthen the hand of the Taliban . "  You believe that we can begin a drawdown in July of 2011 , under the projected plans that we have ? " McCain asked . "  That is the policy and I support it , " Petraeus said . "  I understand you support the policy , " McCain responded . "  Will conditions on the ground indicate that we will begin a withdrawal , in the words of the vice president : ` July of 2011 , you 're going to see a whole lot of people moving out , bet on it ' ? " McCain moved on to another topic before Petraeus could answer the question . A few moments later , the hearing was recessed until Wednesday morning . Prepared remarks from Petraeus said progress is being made even as the security violence has gotten more intense . The surge of U.S. troops into Afghanistan is ahead of schedule , but the situation on the ground will get more difficult before it gets better , he warned in the prepared remarks . "  I noted several months ago ... the going was likely to get harder before it got easier . That has already been the case , as we 've seen recently . " All 30,000 additional U.S. troops ordered by Obama last year will be in place in Afghanistan by the end of August , according to Petraeus . Troops had originally been scheduled to be in place by September . In the prepared remarks , he told the congressional panel Tuesday that increasing the size and capability of the struggling Afghan National Army and police forces are back on track , but there is more work to be done . Undersecretary of Defense Michele Flournoy also argued that progress has been made . "  We are regaining the initiative and the insurgency is beginning to lose momentum , " she said in her opening statement , but noted the outcome is "  far from determined . "	NEW : Obama calls Petraeus from Air Force One Spokesman says Petraeus fainted , "  is feeling much better " General says he got "  a little dehydrated , " had n't eaten breakfast Petraeus was set to testify at Senate Armed Services Committee hearing
CNN  -- The head of an al Qaeda-inspired militia fighting in Syria is giving a radical splinter group five days to end infighting and accept arbitration from Sunni clerics or face expulsion from the region , according to an audio message posted online Tuesday . Abu Mohammed al-Jolani , the chief of al-Nusra Front , called on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  to stop turning its guns on its allies and return to the fold of al Qaeda 's central command . "  I swear by God , if you again refuse God 's judgment , and do not stop your plague and pushing your ignorant ideology on the Muslim nation then you will be expelled , even from Iraq , " al-Jolani said in the more than eight-minute message produced by al-Nusra Front 's media wing al-Manara al-Baydha . Earlier this month , even top al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri weighed in on the situation , and the group 's central leadership posted a notice online saying ISIS "  is not a branch of the al Qaeda group . " The al-Nusra Front and ISIS are both fighting in Syria . Al-Nusra and other Islamist insurgents argue that the toppling of President Bashar al-Assad 's government is the top priority , but ISIS wants the formation of a radical Islamist state to be the main goal . Apparently , ISIS also has been fighting against al-Nusra members and against civilians who support the opposition . A conflict in Islamic jurisprudence appears at the core of the long-standing dispute between the Iraqi-born extremist group and its former comrades in al Qaeda . "  Know that we have patiently waited for a whole year while you committed violations , made false accusations , and misconstrued the truth to justify your greater corruption . We relinquished many of our rights , " al-Jolani said in the audio message . "  You know that until now we have not turned away from the frontlines or fighting the regime as you have done . " The order comes just two days after a suicide bombing allegedly carried out by ISIS killed a mediator representing al-Zawahiri in northern Syria . Abu Khaled al-Souri 's assassination dashed hopes for a political resolution to months of open warfare between ISIS and rebel factions that has claimed the lives of at least 2,000 people , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , and culminated in the expulsion of the renegade group from al Qaeda 's general command earlier this month . "  Al-Zawahiri is clearly fed up with ISIS 's open rejection of his overall leadership of the al Qaeda network . Moreover , he is likely quite concerned about how ISIS is alienating ordinary Syrians by a brutal campaign that has involved the public beheading of opponents and the imposition of Taliban-style rule on the population , including the banning of smoking , music and unveiled women in public , " Peter Bergen , a national security analyst for CNN , wrote earlier this month . The bad blood between the two groups started last April when ISIS Chief Abu Bakr al Baghdadi announced his group 's expansion into Syria and claimed to absorb al-Nusra Front into his ranks . Tensions rose after al Baghdadi openly refused to heed al-Zawahiri 's directive to disband and leave Syria . Analysts say the factional fighting strengthens the government 's hand in the country 's nearly three-year civil war by distracting insurgents from engaging in combat with Syrian troops and diverting resources and manpower to the war within a war .	Radical Islamist group in Syria is warned to accept arbitration or leave country ISIS wants to form an Islamist state in Syria Even al Qaeda 's main leadership rejected the group 's violent tactics
CNN  -- At least 38 people have died in mudslides on the Portuguese island of Madeira , which was hit by heavy downpours overnight , an official told CNN on Saturday . Pedro Barbosa , the vice president of the Civil Protection Agency in Madeira , told CNN that an unknown number of people were missing -- perhaps dozens , he said . The mudslides and flooding caused substantial damage to roads and homes in the capital , Funchal , and in Ribeira Brava , which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island , which lies about 600 miles southwest of Portugal , Barbosa said . Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates and Interior Minister Rui Pereira arrived on the island on Saturday , according to CNN affiliate Radio e Televisao de Portugal  RTP  . Socrates told RTP that "  the situation is under control " and the government is offering all its support to regional authorities . The country 's president , Cavaco Silva , expressed his condolences to the people of Madeira in a televised statement and promised to do everything to help "  during this difficult time . " Pedro Ramos of Dr. Nelio Mendonca Hospital in Funchal , told CNN that 68 wounded people were hospitalized from the mudslides and flooding . Three were critical , he said . The vice president of Madeira 's regional government had tallied 68 victims with injuries , according to the official Lusa news agency . The floodwaters overturned cars and knocked down trees , Barbosa said . Authorities have evacuated hundreds of people to military and civil protection facilities in Funchal , he said . Search and rescue teams have been reinforced , but have n't been able to reach every area , according to the Civil Protection Agency . The Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts , it announced on its Web site . The military is also ready to shelter up to 130 people where 50 people are already staying , it said . Barbosa said weather conditions have substantially improved , with the rains winding down . Madeira , an autonomous region of Portugal , is a popular resort destination . There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Portuguese military has dispatched five teams to help with search and rescue efforts NEW : Weather has substantially improved , civil protection official says Madeira hit by heavy downpours overnight , triggering mudslide that killed at least 38 Unknown number of people , perhaps dozens , are missing , official tells CNN
CNN  -- To some , it may sound like a strange way to spend a vacation . But for many visitors , the carefully manicured grounds of cemeteries can provide beautiful moments to remember history 's fascinating figures . St. Louis No. 1 , New Orleans New Orleans is situated below sea level . Early in its history , each time there was a flood , the dead would literally rise . Residents soon learned that bodies should n't be buried in the ground . At the colorfully named St. Louis Cemetery Number 1 -- the city 's oldest -- visitors see only above-ground tombs . Some are magnificent while others stand in various degrees of ruin . One intriguing figure said to be buried here is voodoo priestess Marie Laveau  1794-1881  , who held sway over her wealthy white clients as well as the Creole faithful . Tours of the cemetery include haunted outings . 425 Basin St. , New Orleans La Recoleta Cemetery , Buenos Aires , Argentina The first lady of Argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952 , Eva Peron lies in the Duarte family tomb in La Recoleta Cemetery . Every day , tourists pay their respects at the black granite tomb . A public cemetery since 1822 , it was only when the wealthy of Buenos Aires moved to this area that the elaborate above-ground mausoleums became common . The cemetery is home to a roll call of famous Argentineans , from presidents and military leaders to scientists and writers . Azcunaga , Buenos Aires , Argentina Highgate Cemetery , London In the 1830s , parish cemeteries in central London became a health hazard , leading parliament to authorize seven new cemeteries in outer London . Highgate Cemetery was dedicated in 1839 . Now listed on the English Heritage Register as one of London 's great Victorian cemeteries , its most famous occupant is Karl Marx , but others buried here include novelist George Eliot  Mary Ann Evans  and the parents of Charles Dickens . Guided tours are available for the East and West Cemeteries -- a tour is the only way to get into the latter . Was there ever a Highgate vampire ? Readers can draw their own conclusions about reports in the 1970s and subsequent investigation by the British Psychic and Occult Society . Swain 's Lane , London , Highgate Central Cemetery , Vienna Designed to accommodate expected population growth , the Zentralfriedhof opened in 1874 on the outskirts of Vienna . It 's "  central " in terms of significance , not location . Home to 3.3 million souls , many visitors nonetheless focus on its connection to Vienna 's musical history . Composers Beethoven , Brahms and Strauss lie in rest here , while Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has an honorary monument in Group 32a , his actual grave being in another cemetery . Notably , and controversially at the time , the cemetery has a Catholic section , a Protestant cemetery , a small Russian Orthodox burial area and two Jewish cemeteries . Simmeringer Hauptstrasse 234 , 1110 Vienna Bonaventure , Georgia , United States Located on the site of a former plantation , Bonaventure was established as a public cemetery called Evergreen in 1847 . It became Bonaventure when the City of Savannah bought it in 1907 . It 's now listed on the National Registry of Historic Places . Notable people buried here include Confederate general Hugh Mercer , novelist and poet Conrad Aiken and singer-songwriter Johnny Mercer , who wrote lyrics for Hollywood movie songs , including "  Moon River . " The Jewish section has a memorial to victims of the Holocaust , whose ashes were brought here from a Nazi labor camp . Bonaventure 's fame grew when a sculpture of the so-called Bird Girl from the cemetery was featured as the cover of the 1994 book , "  Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil . " 330 Bonaventure Road , Savannah , Georgia , United States Punta Arenas Cemetery , Chile A small angel stands with head bowed and palms together in prayer , a beautiful figurine atop one of the 19th-century tombs in the municipal cemetery of Punta Arenas in southern Chile . The chapels built in the early part of the 20th century house the remains of some of the wealthiest families of the time , including Sara Braun . It 's said that when she donated the money for construction of the cemetery entrance , she had but one request : that once she passed through the central doorway in death , the door would remain closed forever . And so it is till this day . 9 , Magallanes and Antrtica Chilena region , Chile Novodevichy Cemetery , Moscow Adjacent to the World Heritage listed 16th-century Novodevichy Convent , the Novodevichy Cemetery is said to be Moscow 's third most popular tourist site . Inaugurated in 1898 , it grew in importance from the 1930s when the remains of many Muscovites , including writer Anton Chekhov , were transferred from small cemeteries that were being demolished . It 's now used only for the burial of significant people . Among a host of famous Russian singers , writers , scientists , cosmonauts and generals buried here lie Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev and Boris Yeltsin , first president of the Russian Federation . Luzhnetsky proyezd , 2 , Moscow Woodlawn Cemetery , New York Opened in the Bronx in 1863 , Woodlawn Cemetery is one of New York 's largest , with 300,000 souls at rest . It 's a listed National Historic Landmark . At its entry stands a marble memorial to Civil War hero , Admiral Farragut . Within its grounds many larger-than-life figures are interred , including jazz supremo Duke Ellington , songwriter Irving Berlin , writer Damon Runyon and newspaper publisher Joseph Pulitzer . Many monuments and mausoleums were designed by top architectural firms and noted sculptors ' talents are in evidence , such as the angel at the Angie Kinsley Monument created by Daniel French , whose credits include the seated Abraham Lincoln at the Lincoln Memorial . E. 233rd St. , New York Waverley Cemetery , Sydney They may be dead and buried but "  residents " of Waverley Cemetery , set high on the clifftop above Bronte in Sydney 's east , have spectacular ocean views . While its sculptures and architecture are fascinating , there 's much to notice about the names on the graves . Among the 80,000 interments since 1877 are literary figures who helped define Australia 's character , including Henry Lawson and Dorothea Mackellar . When viewers watch the funeral scenes in Baz Luhrmann 's film "  The Great Gatsby , " due for release in 2013 , they may think they 're in Long Island . In fact , those scenes were shot at Waverley Cemetery . St. Thomas Street , Bronte Pre Lachaise , Paris At the Cimetiere du Pere Lachaise , home to a million souls , lies the grave of Jim Morrison , whose visitors leave tokens of love . A crowd gathers at Chopin 's grave , which is adorned by a statue of the muse with a lyre . There are kisses for Irish playwright and novelist Oscar Wilde . The list of the famous goes on . A moving site is the series of sculptures memorializing victims of the Nazis . There 's a tribute to those who died in the French Resistance and a poignant sculpted figure of an emaciated victim of the concentration camps . Others place red roses on the tomb of singer Edith Piaf , whose funeral in 1963 was attended by 40,000 people . 16 Rue du Repos , 75020 Paris Have we missed any ? Tell us about any beautiful cemeteries you 've seen on your travels below	Highgate Cemetery was created in 1839 after others in central London became health hazards Beethoven , Brahms and Strauss share Vienna 's Central Cemetery as final resting place Novodevichy Cemetery is reportedly Moscow 's third most popular tourist site A million people are buried at the Cimetiere du Pere Lachaise in Paris
CNN  -- Nickelodeon star Miranda Cosgrove suffered a broken ankle when her tour bus wrecked on an Illinois highway Thursday morning , her representative said . Five passengers were on the bus when it crashed on Interstate 70 , just outside of Vandalia , Illinois , the rep said in a statement to CNN . "  At this time , we are told everyone will be fine , " the rep said . "  Because of this , her tour is postponed until further notice . " Cosgrove , 18 , has been touring to promote her music , but she is well known for her acting . She 's the star of Nickelodeon 's hit TV show "  iCarly . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Cosgrove 's music tour is put on hold by the wreck , rep says The five people on the bus "  will be fine , " rep says The crash happened Tuesday on I-70 near Vandalia , Illinois
CNN  -- Twitter users can now let any person , company or , presumably , drunken green monster send them private messages on the site . The feature appears to be rolling out gradually . Some users had the ability as of Tuesday , while others did n't . And it 's not automatic : Users will have to opt in to it to enable the new feature . Until now , people could send private messages on Twitter to people who follow them but not to others . The move comes as Twitter , which is wildly popular  it crossed the 200 million-user mark in March  but not yet profitable , prepares to offer its stock publicly . As word of the new feature rolled out , that had many users speculating , not always positively , about how companies could use the feature to spread the word about their products . "  Should be renamed ` Check this box if you would like 99 % more spam ! ' " wrote a commenter on a story from tech site The Verge . In addition to allowing brands to send personal messages , or receive them , the new feature could be used by media sites to send news alerts . Twitter has experimented with a service that would send links to news articles to users privately . Early observations Tuesday of the change , which Twitter has not acknowledged publicly , were focusing on the potential upsides and downsides . "  Enabling this option could potentially mean open season on your Twitter inbox , " wrote Darrell Etherington for TechCrunch , "  and that 's probably why it 's off by default -- but if dealing with a potential influx of spam is worth opening up a new channel of communication for you , then this is a welcome change indeed . "	Twitter is making direct messages open to people you do n't follow Users will have to opt in to the feature Some see broader communication , while others see spam
CNN  Mark Ronson 's "  Uptown Funk ! , " featuring Bruno Mars , is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s , ruling the chart for a 13th week . It 's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1 . Plus , newcomer Natalie La Rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit "  Somebody , " featuring Jeremih . As we do each Wednesday , let 's run down all the songs in the top 10 , and a bit beyond , on the sales/airplay/streaming-based Hot 100  dated April 11  . "  Funk , " released on RCA Records , passes Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines , " featuring T.I. and Pharrell to take sole possession of the Hot 100 's longest command this decade . Here 's an updated look at the hits to lead for the most weeks since the beginning of 2010 : Weeks at No. 1 , Title , Artist , Date Reached No. 1 13  to date  , "  Uptown Funk ! , " Ronson feat . Mars , Jan. 17 , 2015 12 , "  Blurred Lines , " Robin Thicke feat . T.I. + Pharrell , June 22 , 2013 10 , "  Happy , " Pharrell Williams , March 8 , 2014 10 , "  We Found Love , " Rihanna feat . Calvin Harris , Nov. 12 , 2011 "  Funk " also becomes one of an elite 10 singles ever to top the Hot 100 for at least 13 weeks , dating to the chart 's Aug. 4 , 1958 launch : Weeks at No. 1 , Title , Artist , Date Reached No. 1 16 , "  One Sweet Day , " Mariah Carey & Boyz II Men , Dec. 2 , 1995 14 , "  I Got ta Feeling , " The Black Eyed Peas , July 11 , 2009 14 , "  We Belong Together , " Mariah Carey , June 4 , 2005 14 , "  Candle in the Wind 1997 " / "  Something About the Way You Look Tonight , " Elton John , Oct. 11 , 1997 14 , "  Macarena  Bayside Boys Mix  , " Los Del Rio , Aug. 3 , 1996 14 , "  I 'll Make Love to You , " Boyz II Men , Aug. 27 , 1994 14 , "  I Will Always Love You , " Whitney Houston , Nov. 28 , 1992 13  to date  , "  Uptown Funk ! , " Ronson feat . Mars , Jan. 17 , 2015 13 , "  The Boy Is Mine , " Brandy & Monica , June 6 , 1998 13 , "  End of the Road , " Boyz II Men , Aug. 15 , 1992 Ask Billboard : Will ` Uptown Funk ! ' be the Hot 100 's No. 1 Song of 2015 ? With "  Funk " now just three weeks from potentially tying "  One Sweet Day " for the record , and four weeks from possibly claiming it all to itself , can it rewrite Hot 100 history ? It 's too early to forecast charts a month away , but "  Funk " still sports strong leads in all main Hot 100 metrics . "  Funk " logs a 13th week atop the Digital Songs chart with 165,000 downloads sold  down 12 percent  in the week ending March 29 , according to Nielsen Music . That 's a record-tying feat : "  Funk ! " matches Flo Rida 's 2007-08 hit "  Low , " featuring T-Pain , for the most weeks a title has spent at No. 1 on Digital Songs . "  Funk " also leads Streaming Songs  16.2 million U.S. streams , down 15 percent  for an 11th week . On Radio Songs , "  Funk " reigns for a 10th week with 166 million in all-format audience  down 4 percent  . It 's the first song to reach double-digit weeks at No. 1 on Radio Songs since "  Blurred Lines " led for 11 . Ask Billboard : Will ` Uptown Funk ! ' Be the Hot 100 's No. 1 Song of 2015 ? "  Funk , " thus , leads the Hot 100 and its three main component charts  Digital Songs , Radio Songs and Streaming Songs  simultaneously for a record-extending ninth week  nonconsecutively  . Perhaps helping the chances that "  Funk " can remain at No. 1 on the Hot 100 , at least for another week : while it 's down by 11 percent in overall activity , the No. 2 song  for a third week  , Maroon 5 's "  Sugar , " decreases by 3 percent , while Ed Sheeran 's "  Thinking Out Loud , " at No. 3  for a third week , after peaking at No. 2 for eight weeks  , is off by 2 percent . And , the lead of "  Funk " over those songs is still significant : they each boast approximately two-thirds of the Hot 100 points of "  Funk " this week . Could either "  Sugar " or "  Loud " rebound to challenge "  Funk " further on the Hot 100 ? Could another song in the top 10 topple it ? Or , is it a song just building , or not even yet released , that will take over ? Again , it 's too soon to tell . We know only that a song will eventually dethrone the uncommonly overarching smash that "  Funk " has become .  At least we think one will ... Chart Highlights : Taylor Swift 's ` Style ' hits No. 1 on adult pop songs Meanwhile , "  Sugar " takes over at No. 1 on the subscription services-based On-Demand Songs chart , despite a 10 percent drop to 4.1 million streams .  "  Funk " falls to No. 3 on the list after 11 weeks at No. 1 .  "  Sugar " holds at No. 2 on Digital Songs  143,000 , down 8 percent  ; rises 4-2 on Radio Songs  133 million , up 3 percent  ; and keeps at No. 4 on Streaming Songs  9.5 million , down 4 percent  . Below Sheeran , Ellie Goulding 's "  Love Me Like You Do " holds at No. 4 on the Hot 100 after reaching No. 3 . The Fifty Shades of Grey soundtrack single dips 3-4 on Digital Songs  114,000 , down 14 percent  and stays at No. 5 on Radio Songs  118 million , up 8 percent  and Streaming Songs  9 million , up 9 percent  . From the same hit movie , The Weeknd 's "  Earned It  Fifty Shades of Grey  " reaches the Hot 100 's top five  6-5  , adding top Airplay Gainer honors for a second week . On Radio Songs , it pushes 9-6 with a 23 percent gain to 86 million . "  Earned "  a possible contender for No. 1 on the Hot 100 ...  holds at No. 6 on both Streaming Songs  8.9 million , up 24 percent  and Digital Songs  107,000 , up 4 percent  . The sultry track also takes over at No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Songs chart . Chart Highlights : Taylor Swift 's ` Style ' Hits No. 1 on Adult Pop Songs Fetty Wap 's "  Trap Queen " rises 8-6 on the Hot 100 , while spending a second week at No. 1 on Hot Rap Songs ; Taylor Swift 's "  Style " ranks at No. 7 on the Hot 100 for a third week after reaching No. 6  and , as previously reported , reaches No. 1 on the Adult Pop Songs airplay chart  ; Rihanna , Kanye West and Paul McCartney 's "  FourFiveSeconds " drops 5-8 on the Hot 100 after climbing to No. 4  and departs the Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Songs summit after seven weeks  ; and Flo Rida climbs 10-9 with "  G.D.F.R. , " featuring Sage the Gemini and Lookas . The rapper 's new EP , My House , arrives Tuesday  April 7  . One song is new to the Hot 100 's top 10 : La Rose 's "  Somebody , " featuring Jeremih  13-10  . The Dutch singer 's debut hit lifts 10-8 on Radio Songs  73 million , up 9 percent  ; backtracks 13-14 on Digital Songs , but with a 7 percent gain to 68,000 ; and zooms 31-19 on Streaming Songs  4.3 million , up 5 percent  . The track tops the Rhythmic Songs airplay chart for a second week .  Jeremih scores his fourth Hot 100 top 10 , and first in a featured role . La Rose is adjacent to her friend , and mentor , Flo Rida , on the Hot 100 . After she had introduced herself to him at a party , they soon began working together , and she started touring with him . They created "  Somebody , " based on Whitney Houston 's 1987 Hot 100 No. 1 "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody  Who Loves Me  , " as La Rose is a "  huge fan of '80s music , " as she told Billboard . She 's currently recording her debut EP . Just beyond the Hot 100 's top 10 , Walk the Moon 's "  Shut Up and Dance " pushes 15-12 , and is the new No. 1 on the Hot Rock Songs chart , while Jason Derulo 's "  Want to Want Me " bounds 27-17 . And , Rihanna roars in at No. 23 with "  B **** Better Have My Money , " the chart 's highest debut , powered largely by its No. 5 debut on Digital Songs  108,000 sold since its digital retail arrival on March 26  . More details on action below the top 10 in the weekly "  Hot 100 Chart Moves " column to post on Friday  April 3  . See the original story at Billboard.com .  2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	The song rules the chart for 13th week It passes Robin Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines " Song three weeks from potentially tying "  One Sweet Day " for record
As laws across the country become less restrictive , more Americans are reporting using marijuana regularly than ever before , according to a new survey by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . The National Survey on Drug Use and Health -- the largest of its kind -- is done annually . Results from the past five years have shown a steady increase in weed use . Last year was no exception . In 2012 , about 7.3 % of Americans ages 12 or older reported regularly using marijuana . That 's up from 7 % of Americans in 2011 . Although it 's only a slight increase , the real contrast exists between 2012 and 2007 , when 5.8 % of Americans said they regularly used weed . These numbers could represent an increase in use among Americans , or simply an increase in the number of people who felt OK reporting use of the drug on a national survey . There has been a lot of attention given to marijuana in the last few years . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced last week that the federal government would no longer prosecute people who used the drug in states where it was legal -- as long as there were state laws in place to keep the drug away from children . Until that announcement , people could be brought up on federal charges even if they were within the law in their state . How to regulate pot when it 's legal Washington and Colorado have both legalized recreational marijuana use . Some 20 other states allow people to purchase it for medical reasons . The survey , which looks at all drug and alcohol use , showed some other interesting trends as well . Prescription drug abuse , which has been increasing in the past few years , has leveled off . But heroin use is on the rise ; the number of people using heroin is up some 80 % since 2007 . Nearly 24 million Americans -- that 's 9.2 % of the population -- say they use illicit drugs , according to the survey . Are American opinions on weed reaching the tipping point ?	About 7.3 % of Americans age 12 or older used marijuana regularly in 2012 , survey finds Marijuana is legal in two states , while 20 more allow medical use Heroin use is up 70 % since 2007 , according to the survey
CNN  It 's one of the biggest sporting events on the planet and in a growing market for new fans , football 's global governing body has cut a media rights deal for the 2026 World Cup over a decade ahead of the tournament . FIFA extended its North American media rights agreements -- handing Fox the English language deal and NBCUniversal 's Telemundo the Spanish language rights -- for an event in which the 2026 host nation has still to be determined . "  These agreements guarantee wide distribution for FIFA tournaments across the U.S. and Canada , " said FIFA Director of TV Niclas Ericson in a statement . "  Together , we will be able to further promote football in North America and build on the impressive interest shown by audiences in these major territories during the 2014 FIFA World Cup . " Just days after the English Premier League sold domestic television rights for over $ 8 billion for the three seasons from 2016 , FIFA declined to detail what the latest North American deal was worth . Football 's world governing body also refused to comment when asked if it had received sealed bids from rival broadcasters . Neither ESPN nor NBC responded to a CNN email asking if they had bid for the English language rights . That raises the question as to whether Fox , which already had agreements in place for the 2018 and 2022 editions following a $ 425 million deal signed in 2011 , won the latest contract without any competition . The U.S. broadcaster has been outspoken over FIFA 's plans to move the 2022 World Cup to the Qatari winter because of fears over the intense heat during the Gulf state 's summer months . While a working party is expected to recommend suitable dates for the 2022 tournament on February 23 , a switch to winter would play havoc with the U.S. sporting schedule . "  You go into buying a World Cup and you believe it 's going to be in the same time frame it 's always been , " Fox Sports President Eric Shanks said last year . "  Clearly in America there 's much more competition for ratings points . " A move to winter would be bad news for Fox given it could clash with the NFL playoffs and potentially the 2022 Winter Olympics . Some media commentators have suggested Fox was awarded the latest deal on the proviso that it will not make a complaint when the 2022 tournament is shifted to the Qatari winter . Potentially the 2026 tournament could be held in North America given it will be 32 years since the World Cup was last held there . Yet the question remains why would n't FIFA want to benefit from a bidding war between Fox , ESPN and NBC and why sell the rights so early ? "  FIFA aims to distribute the highest quality coverage of its international tournaments to as wide an audience as possible , " said FIFA in a statement to CNN . "  FIFA constantly reviews and monitors global market conditions for sports media rights in order to make the best decision for each market . "  The agreement extensions announced on Thursday were the result of a detailed assessment of the market and discussions with the relevant broadcasters . " NBC , which retained Spanish-language rights through Telemundo , refused to comment on whether it had been invited to bid for the English version " We were offered the opportunity to extend our Spanish-language rights for another cycle ... and we were happy to be able to complete the transaction , " NBC Sports said in a statement . The 2014 World Cup final between Argentina and Germany was watched by an estimated 26.5 million in the U.S. which was up 7 % on the 2010 figures . "  These events are some of the world 's most important sports competitions , and it is our privilege to be entrusted with these rights in the United States , " Fox said in a statement .	Fox Sports wins rights to broadcast 2026 World Cup in USA FIFA refuses to comment that Fox faced no competition Fox previously against moving 2022 World Cup to Qatari winter World governing body refuses to disclose fee received
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In a dramatic reversal , the Florida state attorney 's office announced Monday it will seek the death penalty against Casey Anthony , the 23-year-old woman charged in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . Casey Anthony is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of her daughter Caylee , 2 , Trial is set for October . The state had previously said it would not ask for the death sentence for Anthony . The development could have a major impact on how the case plays out at trial , including whether defense attorney Jose Baez can stay on the case . Baez has not been certified by the court to defend capital punishment cases . Prosecutors announced their change in strategy in a letter of intent . Read the letter of intent  pdf Meanwhile , Anthony 's defense filed a motion on Friday with Orange County Circuit Court , seeking more phone records from a dozen people involved in the case . The motion asks for any and all records for "  phone calls , text messages , P2P communications , Internet usage , WAP usage , and cell tower pings . " The defense wants records from the defendant 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony ; her former fianc , Jesse Grund ; her brother , Lee Anthony ; a friend , Amy Huizenga ; and Roy Kronk , the meter reader who found Caylee 's remains in December of last year . Kronk had called authorities as early as last August to report he had seen a suspicious bag in the area . Other names on the list include several former boyfriends , two private investigators , a volunteer searcher and Richard Cain , an Orange County Sheriff 's deputy . Cain was fired after an internal investigation found he failed to respond to repeated calls from Kronk about the suspicious bag . Cain has refused to leave the job and is awaiting an appeal . "  Various cell phone service providers are in possession of certain items which are material to the preparation of the defense in this cause , " the motion says , adding , " the items sought by this application can not be obtained through normal discovery . " The motion says the release of these records could lead to admissible evidence in Anthony 's trial , which is set to begin in October . Anthony is charged with first-degree murder of Caylee , whose remains were found in woods near her grandparents ' home in Orlando .	Florida 's turnaround could have a major impact on how the case plays out Casey Anthony 's defense filed motion for more phone records from a dozen people Motion asks for all "  phone calls , text messages " of those associated with case
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday in a dramatic show of force designed to break up the Taliban 's connection to heroin . The U.S. military bombed about 300 tons of poppy seeds in a dusty field in southern Afghanistan Tuesday . The air strike occurred mid-day in Helmand province and was observed by CNN 's Ivan Watson , who is embedded with the U.S. Marines operating in that province . The military dropped a series of 1,000-pound bombs from planes on the mounds of poppy seeds and then followed with strikes from helicopters . Tony Wayne , with the U.S. State Department , said the strikes on poppy seeds , that can be used to make opium and heroin , is part of a strategy shift for the military to stop the Taliban and other insurgents from profiting from drugs . Watch U.S. military bomb poppy seeds " "  There is a nexus that needs to be broken between the insurgents and the drug traffickers , " Wayne said . "  Also , it is part of winning the hearts and minds of the population because in some cases they are intimidated into growing poppies . " In a bid to encourage Afghan farmers to swap out their poppy plants for wheat crops the U.S. Agency for International Development has been offering them seeds , fertilizers and improved irrigation . Observers have noticed a significant decline in the opium trade in Afghanistan , with the number of poppy-free provinces increasing from 13 in 2007 to 18 in 2008 , according to a U.N. report released last year . Opium cultivation in the country , which has 34 provinces , dropped by about 20 percent in a year , the U.N. reported in August . "  It 's a challenge to deliver assistance in a war zone -- you can hear fighter jets flying above us right now , " said Rory Donohoe , a USAID development officer . "  At the end of the day , what we found is successful is that we work in areas that we can work , " he told CNN in a recent interview in Helmand province . "  We come to places like this demonstration farm where Afghans can come here to a safe environment , get training , pick up seeds and fertilizer , then go back to districts of their own . " Watch Afghans speak about the change in their farming practices " Many of Afghanistan 's northern and eastern provinces have already benefited from USAID alternative farming programs , which have doled out more than $ 22 million to nearly 210,000 Afghans to build or repair 435 miles  700 kilometers  of roads and some 2,050 miles  3,300 kilometers  of irrigation and drainage canals . Giving Afghan farmers improved access to markets and improved irrigation is successfully weaning them away from poppy production , according to officials at USAID . Over the years , opium and heroin -- both derivatives of the poppy -- have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency , most notably the Taliban movement that once ruled Afghanistan . "  If you can just help the people of Afghanistan in this way , the fighting will go away , " said Abdul Qadir , a farmer in Lashkar Gah . "  The Taliban and other enemies of the country will also disappear . " Atia Abawi contributed to this report	U.S. bombs poppy seeds in bid to break up Taliban 's connection to heroin Poppy seeds used to produce opium and heroin Opium , heroin has been a major source of revenue for the Taliban USAID offering seeds , other help to encourage Afghan farmers to grow wheat
CNN  -- Brazilians are mourning the death of legendary soccer player and political activist Socrates , who died Sunday of septic shock due to an intestinal infection . Socrates Brasileiro Sampaio de Souza Vieira de Oliveira , 57 , was buried in his hometown of Ribeirao Preto , Sao Paulo , according to Brazil 's official Agencia Brasil . Socrates had suffered bouts of gastrointestinal bleeding caused by cirrhosis of the liver . He had admitted to addictions to alcohol and cigarettes , Agencia Brasil said . "  It was during his third hospitalization that he confronted his addiction to alcohol and cigarettes , adding that he had ` won ' another chance to recover from his complications , " the agency reported . A qualified doctor , renowned intellectual and an outspoken , pro-democracy fighter during Brazil 's brutal military dictatorship , Socrates had defied many stereotypes . The man known as "  Doctor Socrates , " "  Golden Feet " and "  Big Skinny " is considered by the international football organization FIFA as one of the 100 greatest players of all time . News of his death was broadcast worldwide , an indication of his fame as one of the world 's greatest players . Despite not turning professional until he was 24 , the soccer legend starred for Brazil between 1979 and 1986 , playing in two World Cup finals tournaments in the process . Brazilian legend Socrates dies aged 57 However , Socrates will always be associated with the 1982 Brazilian side , which is widely regarding as the greatest team to never win the World Cup . Socrates captained the 1982 side in Spain and was widely expected to lift the World Cup trophy . But his team lost 3-2 to Italy in the second phase in one of football 's most iconic matches . The Sao Paulo-based Corinthians football club , one of Brazil 's heavyweight teams , was a launching pad where Socrates made his name . He became an international legend , scoring more than 300 goals . During the last game of the "  Brasileirao , " Brazil 's national soccer tournament , the Corinthians beat rival Palmeiras on Sunday . Fans held a minute of silence , holding up their left fists up high -- one of Socrates ' most emblematic gestures after a triumphal match . Juca Kfouri , one of Brazil 's most popular soccer columnists who knew Socrates well , said in his blog for Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper that Socrates had genius in his heels . In a hospital interview earlier this year , Socrates told Kfouri of his love for Cuba 's Fidel Castro and , tragically , his love for alcohol , which became his Achilles heel . "  I am not going to change , " Socrates told Kfouri . "  I am just going to get rid of alcohol . I 've already done that . " "  He always had an absurd ability to consume alcohol , to drink and drink and not get drunk , " Kfouri said after speaking with Socrates , who at the time had a catheter in his liver . In an official statement , President Dilma Rousseff lamented the loss of one of Brazil 's "  most beloved sons " and a "  football genius . " Rousseff and former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva recalled the athlete 's unusual role as a political activist . During the military dictatorship , Socrates infuriated authorities by wearing an "  I want to vote " banner . "  Lula , " as the former president is known , and Socrates were friends and collaborators in the 1980s pro-democracy movement known a "  Diretas Ja . " Socrates , a rare picture of a politicized athlete , marched with trade unionists , artists and athletes to defy the military junta ruling Brazil with an iron fist , persecuting , jailing and often torturing many political dissidents . Socrates , unlike some of the more apolitical legends of the time , used his status to send a message to the world about what was happening back home . "  Dr. Socrates was a ` crack ' in the football field and a great friend , " Lula said . "  He was an example of citizenship , intelligence and political consciousness , in addition to his immense talent as a football professional . " Most recently , Socrates became a columnist for CartaCapital , a left-leaning news magazine where he wrote eloquently against racism in football , politics and his new passion , the environment . He dissected the issues with the precision of a doctor and the determination of a pro . Socrates understood that soccer was a way to communicate to Brazilians on important issues . In one of his final columns , titled "  Some Dream Others Do n't , " Socrates took on Pele for not speaking out against racism in world football . "  Nothing is more endemic  in addition to corruption  than  racism  among those in football management , " he wrote amid recent controversy involving FIFA President Sepp Blatter and racist comments in soccer . "  Certainly all negroes in the planet felt attacked except for one : Pele , " Socrates wrote . "  One thing we know for sure : Pele has never had a dream . " In soccer-crazed Brazil , adoring fans crowded the cemetery where Socrates was buried . Mourners sang the anthem of the Corinthians team in his memory .	The football great died Sunday at the age of 57 He captained the 1982 Brazilian side , regarded as the best team to never win the World Cup Socrates fought for democracy during Brazil 's military dictatorship He recently spoke out about racism in soccer
CNN  -- Singer Adam Levine has married an Angel -- of the Victoria 's Secret variety , that is . According to reports , the Maroon 5 frontman and "  The Voice " coach wed model Behati Prinsloo in Mexico on Saturday . The nuptials took place in front of more than 200 guests following a pre-wedding beach party the night before , People magazine reports . CNN has reached out for comment to Levine 's rep. The couple , who began dating in 2012 , officially announced their engagement in July . "  She 's the coolest person in the world , " Levine , 35 , recently said of Prinsloo in GQ magazine . As the newest "  Sexiest Man Alive , " Levine was aware of his reputation as a ladies ' man with a preference for models . But he told GQ , "  I do n't date what the person does ... I date the f ***** g person , " he said . "  I could have been a zitty teenager and walked into a Tower Records , and we would have talked about Pearl Jam , and we would have fallen in love when we were 15 . And that 's when you know . It 's like , oh , my God , game over . " According to People , Levine and Prinsloo exchanged vows in front of celebrity guests that included Robert Downey Jr. , model Coco Rocha and Levine 's Maroon 5 bandmates James Valentine and Jesse Carmichael .	Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo reportedly wed Saturday The couple is said to have tied the knot in Mexico They began dating in 2012 and officially announced their engagement in July
CNN  -- Australian authorities on Monday pleaded with hundreds of people who had chosen to remain in a town in the path of rising flood waters to vacate their homes . The level of the Balonne River in the town of St. George , in the eastern state of Queensland , swelled to 13.63 meters at lunchtime on Monday , breaking its previous record , and was expected to crest overnight above 14 meters . "  We ca n't and wo n't physically drag people out of their homes , " Bob Atkinson , the Queensland police commissioner , said . "  But we repeat the request for people to leave their homes . " Queensland has been deluged with heavy rains over the past week even as some parts of the region are still struggling to recover from devastating floods that took place about a year ago . Thirty houses in St. George have already been inundated , according to Neil Roberts , the Queensland police and emergency services minister . "  We do expect this to rise as the waters head towards their peak , " he said . The majority of St. George 's roughly 3,000 residents have left the danger area , by both bus and aircraft , Roberts said . The authorities had already been using military helicopters and a C-130 cargo plane to airlift thousands of stranded Queensland residents to safety . Hundreds of people were taking shelter in evacuation centers Monday . Rescue workers on Sunday recovered the body of a woman who died trying to drive her pickup through flood waters , the authorities said . Jane Sheahan was swept away Friday in the town of Roma . Witnesses told CNN affiliate Nine Network that Sheahan managed to hand off her 7-year-old son , Darcy , to a would-be rescuer before she was swept away . The floods have already damaged hundreds of homes in Roma and another town , Mitchell , according to Roberts . In the neighboring state of New South Wales , thousands of people remained isolated Sunday despite reports of receding floodwaters in some areas .	The Balonne River in the town of St. George reaches record level and is expected to rise further The authorities urge hundreds of residents still in the town to leave their homes Thirty houses have already been submerged in St. George The authorities have been airlifting thousands of residents to safety across Queensland
CNN  -- As the total death toll in Syria marches towards 40,000 , the Russian Foreign Ministry on Thursday lambasted the recent U.S. backing of Syria 's opposition in its quest to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad . Homs and Damascus are the deadliest places in Syria , according to an opposition group that keeps a running total of those whose lives came to a bloody end in 20-month armed conflict . Read more : Syrian opposition leader expects more from U.S. Of the 37,387 who have perished since fighting began , 6,992 were killed in Homs and 6,750 in the suburbs of Damascus , the Violations Documentation Center said . The total number includes 3,061 government soldiers , which the group only recently started to include in its count . Read more : Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help Russia 's Foreign Ministry published harsh criticism in its active Twitter feed of the recent show of support by the United States , France and Arab states around the Persian Gulf for fighters trying to topple Assad . "  The Syrian opposition has been given a false signal , strengthening the positions of extremists , including terrorists , " a tweet reads . The ministry said the decision went against international principles on Syria established in Geneva . Quoting Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , the ministry tweeted : "  If the priority is Assad 's fate , it will be paid for with new casualties in #Syria . Our key priority is to prevent such sacrifices . " Lavrov met with the Gulf Cooperation Council in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , on Wednesday . Russia has shown support for its long-standing ally Assad , while the GCC openly backs the opposition . Both sides have been accused of supplying weapons to the conflict parties . The conflict raged on Thursday in Syria 's perpetual flashpoints with no sign of losing intensity . The killing continues to drive civilians to flee over the country 's borders . The U.N. refugee office says 414,838 Syrians are in neighboring countries registered as refugees or waiting to register . Turkey has the single highest number , with 114,944 , it says . The Violations Documentation Center regularly publishes a meticulous tally of those who have been killed during Syria 's armed conflict , claiming to include in its count only those whose deaths are documented on video or with an ID card . It works closely with the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a source commonly cited in reports on Syria . Both organizations support the overthrow of the Syrian government . The figures in their statistics will continue to rise . Ninety-five people died Thursday , including 46 in Damascus and its suburbs , and 14 in Homs , according to the LCC .	Syria 's death toll rises unabated Homs and Damascus are the deadliest places in Syria , an opposition group says The Russian Foreign Ministry criticizes the recent backing of rebels UNHCR : Refugees continue to spill over into neighboring countries
CNN  Five Muslim women stand tall in a boxing ring , slowly winding strapping around their hands . A spotlight is trained on them and the audience draws close , hanging on their every word . "  How can we be truthful if we have to hide out of shame , feel humiliated for feeling , for saying , doing , thinking as we please ? How can that be freedom , how can that be truth ? " Performed at Southbank Centre 's WOW -- Women of the World Festival -- Common Wealth Theatre 's "  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory , " tells the true story of Muslim female boxers from Bradford in the north of England , and how they are using the sport to transcend religious and gender barriers . The critically acclaimed show -- in which the women stamp , dance , shout , swear , punch , and even crowd surf -- was partly inspired by Ambreen Sadiq , a former UK national champion , and one of Britain 's first Muslim female boxers . Her journey to success was n't easy -- as a victim of bullying at the age of 13 she found respite in boxing after being introduced to it by her father and brother . "  I got bullied quite a lot growing up , my dad 's Pakistani and my mum 's Portuguese , " Sadiq told CNN . "  I got stick from both sides , from white and black people . I felt like I was n't accepted . I used to move schools so many times just to feel accepted . "  People would stay stuff about how I looked ... everyone said that 's a boy 's sport , what are you doing that for ? You 're going to look like a man , like a transsexual . "  I was bullied from such a young age , I felt like it was never going to stop . Boxing helped me to control that anger . " It was a transformative experience for Sadiq -- she went from being quiet , having few friends and getting into fights to plucking up courage to start conversations , and thereby build self confidence . "  Instead of punching someone in the face I 'd punch the bag , " she added . "  If anyone came up to me and said anything I could just walk away from it -- whereas before I 'd just straight punch them in the face or something . So it 's helped me a lot with discipline . " It 's sometimes hard to imagine Sadiq as a boxer -- her movements are calm and assured , and a kind smile is never far from her lips . "  Boxing has made me the person I am today , and I 'm so proud of the person I am , " said the 20-year-old trailblazer , who is now looked up to by girls from all kinds of communities wanting to follow in her footsteps . "  I 've had a lot of girls -- not just Asian girls -- coming up to me and asking , how do you stop people saying it 's a boy 's sport ? How can you convince your parents to let you box ? " While boxing for many is just a sport -- albeit a violent one -- when it comes to women and Muslims participating it can feel more like a cause , with Sadiq often finding herself explaining her motivation to girls . "  What 's the difference if a boy boxes or if a girl boxes ? When we 're in that ring we look like boxers -- we do n't look like a girl or a boy . "  You come into that gym , you come into that show , you come into that ring thinking I 'm a boxer , not that I 'm a girl or I 'm a boy . " The role of Nicola Adams -- the first ever female boxer to win an Olympic gold medal -- has also been key in the fight for acceptance . Sadiq tells the story of how several years ago her coach Alwyn Belcher , who also worked with Adams , originally refused to train women -- that is , until he turned up to coach the GB team  believing they 'd be men  only to find an enthusiastic bunch of women ready to work . "  That 's the day he met Nicola Adams , " recalls Sadiq with a laugh . "  He said from that day he thought girls were better boxers -- because they like to listen . " Since Adams ' success at the Olympic Games , females boxing once a week increased by 79 % according to a 2013 Sport England study , but even the production of "  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory " highlighted the barriers women potentially face . Cast member and aspiring medical student Freyaa Ali said there was a girl who had wanted to participate in the show , but was ultimately prevented from doing so by her relatives . "  It was n't even the boxing and it was n't even the speech , it was the dancing we do in the ring . I 'm incredibly lucky to be able to do this , and I was just so sad for her . You know there are certain women out there who ca n't do what we 're doing right now . " "  I think that 's what makes me even more passionate about doing this -- we want to give them a voice and give them a reason , so they know they can have confidence to do stuff like this . " If women do feel restricted by their religion or gender , Ali urged them to take things step by step . "  Go for it , just go for it . I think maybe talk to your parents first , and just tell them Mum , Dad , this is what I want to do , I want to box , I want to dance , I want to act , or whatever she wants to do . "  Tell them , you know what ? Its OK what I 'm doing , I 'm not going to be going out of my boundaries and doing bad things , I 'm going to stick to my limits and stick to my religion , it 's not harming anyone . "  My parents would say , if you 're happy , we 're happy . I think anyone 's parents would say that would n't they ? "  The first step is trying it and opening that door . Once you can open it an inch you can open it a mile . "	"  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory " is a play by Common Wealth Theatre that tells the true story of Muslim female boxers The performance was partly inspired by former UK national champion Ambreen Sadiq who experienced bullying and discrimination "  We want to give them a voice and give them a reason , so they know they can have confidence " says cast member Freyaa Ali about girls in boxing
CNN  -- There is a new man in Maria Sharapova 's life . No , the Russian has n't split up with tennis playing boyfriend Grigor Dimitrov . Instead she has hired Sven Groeneveld as her new coach . Sharapova has been without a coach since dumping former No. 1 Jimmy Connors in August -- they lasted one match together . Only a month earlier the four-time grand slam champion ended her long partnership with Thomas Hogstedt . In announcing her association with Groeneveld -- who has worked with Ana Ivanovic , Andy Murray and Caroline Wozniacki -- Sharapova also revealed she returned to practice after a worrying shoulder injury that has kept the 25-year-old off the tour since the summer . "  I 'm happy to announce my official partnership with Sven Groeneveld , " Sharapova told her website . "  We 've been working together since I got back on the court and after seeing him on the opposing side for so many years , I 'm excited to have him become a part of my team . "  It has been a very seamless transition and I have had a lot of fun with the hard work we have put in so far . Looking forward to the year ahead . " The tennis season just passed was a tale of two halves for Sharapova . She won 36 of her initial 41 matches in 2013 and reached another French Open final , losing to Serena Williams . But Sharapova hurt her hip in a second-round defeat to qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito at Wimbledon and lost to highly touted American Sloane Stephens in Cincinnati with Connors in the stands . It proved to be her final encounter of the campaign , with the shoulder problems resurfacing . The current No. 4 underwent right shoulder surgery five years ago and there were fears her career might be over .	Maria Sharapova names Sven Groeneveld as her new tennis coach Sharapova has been without a coach since a brief spell with Jimmy Connors Groeneveld has worked with the likes of Ana Ivanovic , Caroline Wozniacki and Andy Murray Sharapova has n't played since August because of a recurring shoulder injury
CNN  -- This holiday season , the Colombian military is trying a unique angle to get guerrillas to lay down their arms : It is creating Christmas trees deep in the jungle in hopes the holiday spirit will tug the rebels back home . The first tree of "  Operation Christmas " was decorated in the jungle of southern Colombia , the military said . Two units in two Blackhawk helicopters dropped in on a supply path that the guerrillas are known to use and picked a 25-meter  82-foot  tree to decorate with sparkling blue lights . A commercial made by the military shows the soldiers , dressed in camouflage uniforms and face paint , wrapping 2,000 lights around the branches and trunk . The tree was rigged with a motion sensor that will turn the lights on when someone walks by . A banner next to it says , "  If Christmas can come to the jungle , you too can come home . Demobilize . At Christmas , everything is possible . " Officials hope the gesture will be enough to lure rebels away from the jungle . "  For us , the most important month is December , " Colombian military spokeswoman Marcela Duran said . "  Many make the final decision about demobilizing this month . " She says that traditionally , the holiday season sees a larger number of defections as rebels reflect on the positives and negatives of their situation . When they were recruited , many of the rebels did not know that it would mean being isolated from their families , she added . The tactic is a shift from what has been an aggressive military campaign against the rebels this year . In September , a military raid claimed the life of the No. 2 leader in a Marxist guerrilla group that has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . Victor Julio Suarez Rojas , also known as Jorge Briceno Suarez and by the nom de guerre Mono Jojoy , was the military leader for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly called the FARC . It was one of a number of military successes for the government this year . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , a former defense minister , was known for his tough line against the rebels , but he also has a softer side , an analyst said . During his time as defense minister , the government began using billboards and radio advertisements in areas where the rebels operate at an unprecedented level , said Adam Isacson , senior associate at the Washington Office on Latin America . Operation Christmas sounds a bit gimmicky , he said , but "  rather than trying to kill all the rank-and-file guerrillas , it 's better to try to convince them to leave . " FARC leaders tell their followers that they will be killed if they turn themselves in , but the advertisements and Christmas trees give another message , he said . Despite the military successes this year , "  the challenge is that their recruitment at the youngest levels is very easy , " Isacson said . The tree decorating is probably aimed at those young recruits . In all , 10 jungle trees throughout the country will be decorated as part of Operation Christmas . This year , 2,411 guerrillas have demobilized , including 140 during this holiday season , the military said . In 2009 , a total of 2,638 rebels laid down their arms .	"  Operation Christmas " will decorate 10 trees in the jungle The goal is to persuade rebels to demobilize by reminding them of holiday spirit The military says 140 rebels have laid down their arms this holiday season
Washington  CNN  They 're railing against President Barack Obama for going too far on Obamacare and immigration but Republicans are prepared to cede broad authority to the White House to fight ISIS . It 's an interesting theme that 's developing as the administration prepares to send Congress a request as soon as Wednesday that would authorize Obama to use military force against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Democrats , wary of another long war , are seeking strict limits on the use of U.S. ground forces . Republicans , meanwhile , are the ones arguing that the commander-in-chief needs room to move as he sees fit . Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , does n't want to see any restrictions in the authorization -- meaning no limit on the use of ground troops , the length of time the authorization can remain in force and no restrictions on the geographic area to which the new law would apply . "  If we want to constrain the president 's actions , we have the power of the purse , " McCain said Tuesday . "  The Constitution says the president of the United States is the commander in chief . " Several other Republican senators speaking in the days before language for the so-called Authorization for the Use of Military Force , or AUMF , was expected to be released by the White House declined to weigh in on what they could support , but emphasized the need to give the White House as much flexibility as needed to wage this fight . "  I 'm sort of a traditionalist on this maybe . I think the executive branch ought to be telling us they want flexibility , " said Sen. Rob Portman , stressing his concern the White House would take certain options off the table . "  I think it 's wrong for the commander in chief to tie his own hands . " While details are still being finalized , the White House is expected to request a three-year AUMF that places some limits on the use of U.S. ground forces , according to members of Congress briefed on the proposal . The GOP is hardly monolithic on this issue -- or any other -- but many in the party do not want to see the president limited on matters of war . And the battle against ISIS is just one example of Republicans ' willingness to grant the president wide authority on specific issues , even as they question his use of power in other instances . Many top GOP members are also pushing fast-track , or Trade Promotion Authority , known in Washington as TPA , which would allow the President to get an up or down vote in Congress -- without amendments -- on often complicated trade deals negotiated largely in secret by the executive branch , as long as they meet certain parameters . So is there a disconnect here ? Republicans have been furious over Obama 's use of executive power in other areas , from adjustments he made to Affordable Care Act requirements to his moves on immigration in November . The party has filed lawsuits against the president claiming executive overreach on the health care law and plan to do something similar on immigration . Georgia GOP Sen. Johnny Isakson said the battle against extremists and the one against the healthcare bill should not be compared . "  Disliking a single-payer government health care system like the Affordable Care Act and fighting an enemy like ISIL are two entirely different things , " he said . "  You 're talking about policy and direction in terms of the health care law and you 're talking about the survival of our democracy , you 're talking about terrorism . " Distrust of the president is a common theme on Capitol Hill . Many members have long argued that the White House can not be relied on to enforce immigration law or secure the border , so there is little point , they argue , in pushing through a comprehensive immigration overhaul . "  There 's widespread doubt about whether this administration can be trusted to enforce our laws , " House Speaker John Boehner said last February . "  And it 's going to be difficult to move any immigration legislation until that changes . " In response to those claims , Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer proposed in February 2014 to pass the immigration bill , but not have it go into effect until 2017 , when a new president would be in office , said a spokesman . The GOP did n't bite . The dynamic opens Republicans up to questions about whether they can have it both ways , expressing alarm and distrust about how Obama uses his powers on health care and immigration while backing him on trade and -- perhaps his biggest responsibility -- waging war . "  It is kind of inconsistent on their part . On the other hand , presidents have always been given much , much greater leeway to use their power in international economics and in defense and security issues , " said Elaine Kamarck , a senior fellow in the Governance Studies program at the Brookings Institution . "  It 's not surprising that the issues break like this . " While the public often has strong opinions on domestic matters like immigration or health care , the same is not true for issues like TPA . That means the opposing party can claim immense distrust of the president on one issue while giving him free rein on another . "  Nobody knows what TPA is and nobody cares and therefore the fact that there 's a muddled message around it does n't become evident , " Kamarck said . "  These lucky politicians can have it both ways , as they do with many things . " For their part , Republicans questioned by CNN said their support for the president 's use of power on some matters was part of the job , otherwise nothing would ever get done in Washington . "  My job as a senator is to do the best that I can to pass legislation that I believe is important and is in our national interest , " said Tennessee GOP Sen. Bob Corker , a strong supporter of Trade Promotion Authority . "  Even though I may have concerns about the executive branch and the way that they would carry things out from time to time , that still does n't mitigate my job or alleviate the job that I have which is to try to pass legislation that is meaningful and good for our country . "	Republicans often criticize Obama for overstepping his power But the GOP says military power is different John McCain : "  The president of the United States is the commander in chief "
Running back Ray Rice was released by the Baltimore Ravens and suspended indefinitely by the NFL on Monday , the same day a shocking video surfaced showing the NFL star knocking out his future wife with a punch in February . The news release from the Ravens was terse . "  The Baltimore Ravens terminated the contract of RB Ray Rice this afternoon , " it read . Baltimore Ravens coach John Harbaugh told reporters Monday night that the team had not seen the video before it was released online by TMZ . "  It was something we saw for the first time today , all of us . It changed things , of course . It made things a little bit different , " he said . Harbaugh said he and Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome called Rice to inform him of the decision . He declined to discuss what Rice said or how he reacted . "  I have nothing but hope and goodwill for Ray and Janay  now his wife  , " Harbaugh added . "  And we 'll do whatever we can going forward to help them as they go forward and try to make the best of it . " Shortly after the team 's announcement , the league said the three-time Pro Bowl selection was suspended indefinitely . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , who had originally given Rice a two-game ban , increased the suspension after viewing the new video for the first time , NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said on Twitter . The NFL players ' union did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . CNN also tried unsuccessfully to contact Rice 's agent . The person who answered the phone at Todd France 's office said France was n't in . Former teammate and ESPN analyst Ray Lewis said he had texted with Rice on Monday . Lewis , who played with the Ravens from 1996 to 2012 , said on "  Monday Night Countdown " that he will meet with Rice soon to counsel and mentor him . "  I want to sit down and I want to know what is going on in his heart , " said Lewis . In a press conference in July , Rice said his actions were "  inexcusable " and that he and his wife were in counseling . The couple married on March 28 . "  We 're taking the necessary steps to move forward , " he said . "  My job is to lead my family . My job is to lead my wife . My job is to lead in whatever I do . And If I 'm not being the example , then my family crumbles . " Before Rice , 27 , can play again in the NFL , any potential contract can not be approved without further direction from the commissioner , Aiello told CNN . The Canadian Football League said Monday night Rice is ineligible to play in the CFL while he is suspended by the NFL . Reactions pour in Video shows what happened inside elevator The new video shows Rice punching Janay Palmer , who was his fiancee at the time , inside an elevator at a hotel in Atlantic City , New Jersey , seven months ago . TMZ Sports posted the video Monday showing Rice and Palmer entering an elevator . Inside the elevator , Rice punches Palmer . Palmer lunges after Rice , and then Rice hits her again and she falls to the floor . Previously , TMZ Sports had released hotel surveillance video of Rice dragging an unconscious Palmer out of the elevator . This is the first time video has been released that shows Rice punching her . A few months after the incident , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended Rice without pay and fined him an additional game check for "  conduct detrimental to the NFL . " However , no one in the NFL offices , including Goodell , had seen the newly released footage of the incident until Monday , the league told CNN . Ray Rice : ` My actions were inexcusable ' "  We requested from law enforcement any and all information about the incident , including the video from inside the elevator , " NFL senior vice president of communications Greg Aiello said . "  That video was not made available to us and no one in our office has seen it until today . " Rice wo n't be prosecuted The NFL has previously said that Rice entered a pretrial intervention program in May . Under the program , he wo n't be prosecuted , and the felony charge -- one count of third-degree aggravated assault -- will be expunged after one year . CNN commentator and ESPN senior writer LZ Granderson said Monday that prosecutors let a lot of people down . "  A lot of people are mad at the NFL and the Ravens . I 'm mad at the judicial system that failed this woman and society at large , " he said . "  Here you have clearly an act of violence . Clearly an act of violence . To give him a slap on the wrist , an opportunity to even have this wiped from his record , tells you how powerful money , fame and sports is in society . " Jeffrey Toobin , a senior legal analyst for CNN , said Rice 's punishment was of the kind that teenagers get when they are caught spray painting graffiti . "  It is a tiny , tiny penalty that is an absolute disgrace , " he said . "  The D.A.  office  embarrassed the country , embarrassed themselves . And Roger Goodell did an appalling job then for the NFL . But ... law enforcement was horrendous here . " Rice firing not enough , says senator who wants ` special scrutiny ' of NFL Goodell admitted punishment was too lenient Goodell has already been scrutinized for suspending Rice for just two games , months after the first video aired . Many felt the suspension was n't enough , and in August , the commissioner himself agreed . In a letter to all NFL team owners , he said the league had fallen short of its goals in its handling of the Rice case : "  We allowed our standards to fall below where they should be and lost an important opportunity to emphasize our strong stance on a critical issue and the effective programs we have in place . " "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . And we will , " he added . Some NFL fans have questioned why Harbaugh would call Rice "  one heck of a guy " after the news broke and why the Ravens would tweet out in May "  Janay Rice says she deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident . " The tweet was no longer available on Monday . They have also questioned why Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon would be suspended for a year after testing positive for marijuana when Rice was suspended for just two games . In his August letter to team owners , Goodell said the league will institute a six-game unpaid suspension for personnel who violate the league 's personal conduct policy when it relates to domestic violence . A second domestic violence incident would be punished by a lifetime ban from the league . Opinion : NFL , apologize to women for Ray Rice Lesson of Ray Rice case : Stop blaming victim	Ravens coach says team will help Rice , wife out as they ` go forward ' NFL suspends the running back indefinitely after viewing video for first time , league says Baltimore Ravens terminate the running back 's contract in wake of new video Video posted by TMZ Sports shows incident inside Atlantic City elevator in February
CNN  -- Election night tops off an important day that , for many people , can be summed up in one tiny sticker that says "  I voted . " We asked readers to upload their photos to CNN iReport and tag their social media images of stickers #ivotedcnn , and we received more than 2,000 iReport submissions from all 50 states .  That 's not including all of the photos tagged #ivotedcnn . You can view the iReports on a map via the Open Story . But early voting has been especially big in 2012 , and some polling places do n't give away stickers . Sticker-less iReporters printed out CNN 's sticker or found other ways to tell us that they had voted . Just take a look here to see a few creative examples . . If you have difficulty viewing this page , please click here . What do you think of these photos ? Do you have an image of your own ? Share your story in the comments section below or post your photo on CNN iReport . If you have photos or videos about the voting process itself , or of the sights and sounds of an Election Day event , please visit this link .	CNN asked readers to share photos of themselves with their voting stickers Readers wore their stickers or held them up in front of pets and inanimate objects Some iReporters had to improvise to show that they had voted
NEW YORK  CNN  -- As his presidency nears its end , a reflective President Bush suggested Tuesday that he regrets some of his more blunt statements on the war on terrorism over the last eight years and said he wishes he had not spoken in front of a "  Mission Accomplished " banner only a month after U.S. troops in Iraq were deployed . President Bush says his wife told him that as president , he should watch his words carefully . "  I regret saying some things I should n't have said , " Bush told CNN 's Heidi Collins when asked to reflect on his regrets over his two terms as president . "  Like ` dead or alive ' and ` bring 'em on . ' My wife reminded me that , hey , as president of the United States , be careful what you say . " The interview , aboard the USS Intrepid in New York , came after the president addressed a Veterans Day ceremony . Shortly after the attacks of September 11 , the president said of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden : "  I want justice . There 's an old poster out West that said , ` Wanted , dead or alive . ' " Watch President Bush talk about his regrets " Bush was also criticized in 2003 for his answer addressing insurgents in Iraq . "  There are some who feel like that the conditions are such that they can attack us there . My answer is , bring 'em on , " he said then . On Tuesday , the president also referenced the moment aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln on May 1 , 2003 , during which he declared an end to major combat operations in Iraq . "  They had a sign that said ` Mission Accomplished . ' It was a sign aimed at the sailors on the ship , but it conveyed a broader knowledge . To some it said , well , Bush thinks the war in Iraq is over , when I did n't think that . But nonetheless , it conveyed the wrong message . " The president , whose legacy is sure to be hotly debated for decades , said there also is much he is proud of . "  I am proud to be the commander in chief of people who are so selfless and so courageous that they would volunteer to serve our country in a time of war , " he said . "  I 'm proud when I see people feed the hungry . I 'm proud when I 'm in Africa and see volunteers helping those citizens dying of HIV/AIDS . " In the wide-ranging interview , the president also discussed his Monday meeting with President-elect Barack Obama and said he consulted former President Clinton before his meeting with the future commander in chief . "  I remember the conversation I had with my predecessor Bill Clinton , " Bush said . "  As a matter of fact , -LSB- I -RSB- called him yesterday and said , ` Bill , I 'm getting ready to meet with the new president , and I remember how gracious you were to me . I hope I can be as gracious to President-elect Obama as you were to me . ' " Bush described the atmosphere in his Oval Office meeting with Obama as relaxed and said he offered the future president advice on the transition process . Bush also said Obama was specifically interested in how his two young daughters would adjust to life in the White House . "  It was interesting to watch him go upstairs , " Bush said . "  He wanted to see where his little girls were going to sleep . Clearly , this guy is going to bring a sense of family to the White House , and I hope Laura and I did the same thing . But I believe he will , and I know his girls are on his mind and he wants to make sure that first and foremost , he is a good dad . And I think that 's going to be an important part of his presidency . " Bush said he plans to return to Texas after he leaves office January 20 and "  may write a book " but otherwise has few plans . "  No doubt I 'm heading straight home . I miss Texas ; I love Texas ; I 've got a lot of friends in Texas . "  I 'll probably get back and take a deep breath , " he said . Bush said he has begun to think about an outline for the book . "  I want people to know what it was like to make some of the decisions I had to make , " he said . "  In other words , what was the moment like ? And I 've had one of those presidencies where I 've had to make some tough calls , and I want people to know the truth about what it was like sitting in the Oval Office . " Bush expressed regret that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not win the presidency but called the election of Obama "  good for our country . " "  The election of Barack Obama is an historic moment for our country . There are a lot of people in America who did not believe they would ever see this day . It is good for our country that people have hope in the system and feel vested in the future and President-elect Obama has a great opportunity , " Bush said . "  I really do wish him all the best . I am just as American as he is American , and it is good for our country that the president succeeds . "	In CNN interview , president reflects on his term "  Mission Accomplished " banner , "  dead or alive " comment among his regrets He says meeting with Obama was relaxed , Obama will bring sense of family Bush says Texas , book in his post-presidential future
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- From the uncertainty that followed the breakup of the Soviet Union , a newly invigorated Russia has emerged , displaying unprecedented political , military and economic confidence that has , at times , put it on a collision course with the West . A resurgent Russia has been flexing its military , political and economic muscles . With no sign of strongman Vladimir Putin taking a political backseat , Russia looks set to continue its bid to regain superpower status , providing that its citizens can endure the crippling impact of the global financial crisis and shrug off fears that their newfound freedoms , outlook and relative prosperity will be short-lived . Here CNN Moscow Correspondent Matthew Chance explains what has driven Russia 's re-emergence , how this has affected its role on the world stage , and what can be expected from the country in the future . Q : What has been the driving factor behind Russia 's resurgence ? A : Affluence was behind Russia 's resurgence , but there 's a real sense in which the global financial crisis has checked Russia 's aspirations of a return to superpower status . Before the downturn , the booming price of commodities , such as gas and oil , of which Russia is big supplier , fueled prosperity and gave Russians a confidence they had n't previously enjoyed . It also saw the Kremlin being taken much more seriously on the international stage , inserting itself into Middle East peace talks , the Iranian nuclear issue and a host of other issues . It has also encouraged Russia to assert its presence in what is known as the near-abroad -- the former Soviet states . Many of those states want to move towards NATO and Europe , but Russia wants to keep them within its sphere of influence . The obvious example of this is Russia 's war last year with Georgia . After Georgia announced its intentions to sign up to NATO , Russia launched a military offensive much to the dismay of the international community . Q : Is there a change of atmosphere in Russia these days ; are people more optimistic about the future than they were 10 or 15 years ago ? A : Despite the financial crisis , people enjoy a lot more freedom and a lot more prosperity than they did 15 years ago , but there 's a deep-seated insecurity among Russians that it could all -- the money , the freedom -- come to an end . Watching their currency collapse by 30 percent over the last year , unemployment soar 10 percent and industrial output plunge has made Russians very uncomfortable about the future . At the moment people do n't see an end to the hardship . At the same time , the Kremlin has spent a lot of its hard currency softening the blow of the crisis , bolstering pensions and the welfare system , and that 's been appreciated by many Russians too . Q : Is there much rose-tinted reminiscing about the past ? A : There is on lots of levels , certainly among Russia 's pensioners , who gave their lives to the cause of communism , fought in World War II against Nazi Germany and perhaps enjoyed a privileged position in Soviet society . There 's a great sense of loss about the collapse and nostalgia about what were seen as the good things : strength , order and global power . The younger Russians did n't have that experience of the Soviet Union . Nevertheless , icons of that period such as former Soviet leader Josef Stalin are still viewed with affection by many people in part because of what he represented : Russia as a world power . The idea that he oversaw brutal oppression is very much ignored . Q : Are there any changes in the way Russia sees the rest of the world ? A : Yes , not least because in the Soviet period people did n't get to travel overseas and foreigners always viewed Russia with suspicion . This has started to change noticeably . Russians are more visibly internationally . They go on holiday all over the world : Turkey , Thailand , the South of France , the Caribbean . They are much more assimilated into the global village than they ever were during the Soviet period . This has broadened people 's minds here and made them much more tolerant in their global outlook in general . Q : Will Vladimir Putin remain key to Russia 's future ? A : There is very little doubt in the mind of most Russians that Vladimir Putin remains not only a central figure in the country 's decision making , but is perhaps the main decision maker . A recent opinion poll by an independent Levada-Center showed that 24 percent of Russians consider Putin to have the real power , compared to just 12 percent for his hand-picked successor , President Dmitry Medvedev . As for the future , in the past year since Medvedev was sworn in , there is very little sign he has stamped his mark . It still looks to domestic and international audiences that Putin is calling the shots . At this point it 's hard to see any evidence that the situation is going to change .	Booming oil and gas prices have fueled Russia 's recent prosperity Heavy impact of financial crisis has weighed heavily on superpower aspirations No signs of Vladimir Putin taking a backseat role in Russia 's future
CNN  -- Thousands of anti-government supporters led by two of Pakistan 's most influential figures have joined a march to Islamabad to demand the resignation of the country 's prime minister , prompting a major security operation . By early Friday , an estimated 15,000-20 ,000 people had joined cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan on the outskirts of Lahore in Pakistan 's northwestern Punjab region . The procession took to the roads in cars , trucks and buses to make the 230-mile  370-kilometer  journey to the capital . The march started on Thursday as Pakistan celebrated Independence Day . Khan , the former Pakistan cricket captain and leader of the Tehreek-e-insaaf  PTI  political party , has called on Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand down amid claims of vote rigging during last year 's election , a claim Sharif has rejected . ` Huge security operation ' The huge convoy was joined by followers of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , who called on his supporters to join what he described as a "  revolution march . " Qadri , who led protests against Pakistan 's government last year that brought the capital to a standstill , has accused the Sharif government of corruption and campaigned for more to be done for the country 's poor . The march , which has been peaceful so far , prompted a huge security operation across the country , with tens of thousands of soldiers and police deployed along the route to Islamabad , while massive shipping containers and reels of barbed wire have been used to seal off many roads and highways . However , many Qadri supporters joined the march armed with sticks and improvised shields . Last week , at least five of his supporters were killed during clashes with security forces in the country 's northwestern Punjab province . Capital gathering Organizers from both camps expect thousands more to join the procession as they get closer to the capital . A Khan representative told CNN Thursday that they anticipated around 100,000 people would be taking part . They are expected to assemble in central Islamabad , where security has been especially tight , with routes to many government buildings and embassies blocked by containers and guarded by army personnel , who assumed responsibility for the city 's security . Late Thursday , the country 's interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan told a press conference that the government had officially permitted the march to go ahead on the condition that protesters do n't cross into the capital 's "  red zone " -- a tightly controlled area containing many government buildings . So far , crowds in the capital have been small , but they 're expected to increase significantly as the march draws nearer later Friday . On Wednesday , in a rare address to the country , Prime Minister Sharif refuted accusations of electoral rigging and stressed that Pakistan has moved forward over the past 14 months in terms of "  currency value , foreign investment and economic growth . " In an apparent attempt to appease Khan 's demands for an investigation into electoral fraud last year , Sharif offered to form a commission consisting of three Supreme Court judges to investigate the claims . But at a press conference shortly after the prime minister 's address , Khan said the government 's response had arrived too late in the day and that he was now officially calling for the resignation of Sharif . The political instability comes at a time when Pakistan is waging a bloody war against militants -- particularly in the restive tribal regions along its border in Afghanistan . On Thursday two airbases in the southwestern city of Quetta in Balochistan Province were attacked by insurgent gunmen wearing suicide vests . But by early Friday , security forces repelled the attack , killing 10 terrorists and capturing another five , according to Imran Qureshi , the Superintendent of police in the city . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . But , senior police officers suspect Islamist militants could be behind the two coordinated attacks . Sarfaraz Bugti , the Home Minister Balochistan , told CNN the dead gunmen were Uzbeks . Journalist Syed Ali Shah contributed to this report .	Supporters of ex-cricketer Imran Khan and cleric Tahir ul Qadr join march to capital Organizers expect thousands to join as they near Islamabad The march has been peaceful so far , with thousands of police deployed along the route The political instability comes as Pakistan fights a bloody insurgency
Liberia went to the polls Tuesday for a runoff election after incumbent President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf failed to win the votes needed for an outright victory last month . Johnson Sirleaf , who won the Nobel Peace Prize this year , needed 50 % to avoid a runoff in the October 11 election , but did not reach it . Polls were scheduled to close at 1 p.m. EST. . She faces challenger Winston Tubman , who came second . While the U.S.-based Carter Center said the October balloting was "  peaceful , orderly , and remarkably transparent , " opposition parties have protested the results , and claimed voting irregularities . Tubman has reportedly refused to participate in the runoff , alleging it wo n't be fair , and there have been calls to boycott the election , the United Nations has said . On Monday , members of the Tubman 's Congress for Democratic Change clashed with police in what authorities called an unauthorized protest , state-owned radio network Liberia Broadcasting System reported . At least one person was killed and several others wounded in the clashes in the capital city of Monrovia , the network reported . Both U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the Security Council have called on Liberians to refrain from violence . "  Regardless of your political views , I appeal to all Liberians to say no to violence on Election Day , " said Ellen Margrethe Loj , the U.N.Secretary-General 's special representative and head of the U.N. Mission in Liberia  UNMIL  . It is the second presidential election since a 14-year civil war ended in 2005 . The war devastated Liberia and left an estimated 250,000 people dead , and voters are hoping for more peaceful and prosperous days ahead . Johnson Sirleaf has said she wants to preserve the peace . "  We 've put in the fundamentals , the foundation -- the possibility to reach our accelerated growth and development , fix our infrastructure , the potential , and chances are so high , " she said before the election . Liberia faces many challenges : up to 80 % of Liberians are unemployed and a majority live without basic necessities such as water and electricity .	Ellen Johnson Sirleaf faced challenger Winston Tubman There had been calls to boycott the election The United Nations called on Liberians to refrain from violence It is the second presidential election since the end of a 14-year civil war
CNN  -- A 2,000-pound European satellite burned up as it re-entered Earth 's atmosphere early Monday , controllers reported . Re-entry was made close to 1 a.m. Monday  7 p.m. ET  , the European Space Agency said . "  As expected , the satellite disintegrated in the high atmosphere and no damage to property has been reported , " the space agency said . The Gravity Field and Steady-State Ocean Circulation Explorer -- a European Space Agency satellite known shorthand as GOCE -- crossed over Siberia , the western Pacific Ocean , the eastern Indian Ocean and Antarctica upon its re-entry . The 5-meter  16-foot  satellite was launched in 2009 to map variations in the Earth 's gravity in 3-D , provide ocean circulation patterns and make other measurements . Powered by solar panels and not-your-average lithium-ion battery , it lasted more than three times its expected lifespan before running out of juice on October 21 . In March 2011 , the ESA added another role -- as the "  first seismometer in orbit " -- when GOCE detected sound waves from the massive earthquake that struck Japan .	NEW : Satellite disintegrated in the high atmosphere The GOCE satellite 's orbit has been decaying since it ran out of fuel in late October The satellite was launched in 2009 to map variations in Earth 's gravity
CNN  -- Three teens who were on a 69-name hit list posted on Facebook have been killed in the past 10 days in a southwestern Colombian town , officials say . Police say they do not know who posted the list or why the names are on it . "  It is still not clear , " Colombian national police spokesman Wilson Baquero told CNN . "  This is part of the investigation . " But officials note that a criminal gang known as Los Rastrojos and a Marxist guerrilla group called the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia operate in the area . The hit list on Facebook , which was posted August 17 , gave the people named three days to leave the town of Puerto Asis or be executed , said Volmar Perez Ortiz , a federal official whose title is defender of the public . Police at first thought the posting was a joke , Perez said in a statement issued Saturday . But the publication of a second list with 31 additional names led authorities to convene a special security meeting Friday , Perez said . The posting of the lists and the meetings occurred after the first two killings , which took place August 15 , Perez said . On that day , officials say , 16-year-old student Diego Ferney Jaramillo and 17-year-old CD retailer Eibart Alejandro Ruiz Munoz were shot and killed while riding a motorcycle on the road between Puerto Asis and the town of Puerto Caicedo . Both their names were later found on the first published hit list . Also on the list was Norbey Alexander Vargas , 19 , who was killed August 20 , Perez said . Another young man , 16-year-old student Juan Pablo Zambrano Anacona , was wounded in the same incident when he gave chase to the assassins , Perez said . Colombian media said Monday the number of those threatened has grown and panic has overtaken Puerto Asis , with some parents sending their children out of town because their names are on the Facebook notice . The names of 31 women were posted on the other list , said Radio RCN , semana.com and other news outlets . Residents have been overcome with "  panic and anxiety , " several news outlets quoted Putumayo state official Andres Gerardo Verdugo as saying . Several of those residents posted their concerns on Twitter , an online messaging site . "  Panic in Puerto Asis , Putumayo , because of threats against young people , " wrote a user who goes by JuanSepulvedah . "  Our youth must be protected . " Someone who posted under the name JulianEco brought up the Facebook connection . "  The situation in Puerto Asis is tenacious , that a social site be used to add fire to the Colombian conflict , " the post said . Twitter user hugoparragomez likened the situation to the drug-fueled crime waves in other Colombian cities . "  What is happening in Puerto Asis , Putumayo , is grave , the same as in Medellin , " the tweet said . "  Authorities should take control of the situation . Who is investigating ? " Still others inflated the death count . "  In Puerto Asis they have killed 20 young people threatened on Facebook and the authorities have not said anything , " wrote jesusmhenriquez "  That is Colombia . " Federal officials say they are taking the threats seriously and have sent investigators from Bogota , the nation 's capital , to Puerto Asis . Internet experts are among the investigators assigned to the case . Authorities also are offering a reward of 5 million pesos  around $ 2,750  for information on the killings . Perez , the federal defender of the public , noted that the Los Rastrojos criminal gang is active in Puerto Asis , "  executing violent actions , resolving community conflicts , imposing living and conduct norms , intimidating and meting punishment against ... drug sellers and consumers , sex workers , people with criminal and unlawful histories and threatening social leaders , business people , taxi drivers and motorcycle taxi drivers . " Perez said the Marxist guerrillas , commonly known as the FARC , also are active in the remote area , which borders Ecuador . Two Facebook representatives did not return a message Tuesday asking for comment .	The first list posted on Facebook had 69 names , officials say Another posting this week added 31 names , news reports said . Officials say they do not know who published the lists or why people are on it People on the first list were given three days to leave town or be killed
CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who underwent surgery this week to remove her thyroid , did not actually have cancer , her spokesman said Saturday . Fernandez underwent the procedure for what doctors said was papillary carcinoma in her thyroid gland . A post-surgery examination , however , showed that there were no cancerous cells , and the original diagnosis of cancer has been discarded , spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said . Fernandez was released from the hospital and will continue her recovery from the presidential residence , he said . "  We thank God and all the Argentinean people for the blessings received , " Fernandez said on her Twitter account Saturday morning . Given the new diagnosis , planned radiation therapy will not be necessary , the spokesman said . Her 31/2 - hour operation had been called a success without complications . Hundreds of supporters had waved flags and banners outside the Austral Hospital , located about 60 kilometers  35 miles  from Buenos Aires . Before the operation , Fernandez handed over power to Vice President Amado Boudou until January 24 . Fernandez , 58 , was sworn in for a second four-year term last month after she won re-election with more than 54 % of the vote . She became Argentina 's president in 2007 . Her husband , Nestor Kirchner , was president from 2003 to 2007 . He died in October 2010 . During Fernandez 's presidency , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	President Fernandez underwent surgery this week Doctors now say she never had cancer Post-surgery tests led them to modify the diagnosis
Former Vice President Dick Cheney led a parade of George W. Bush administration officials who denounced a report on harsh interrogation techniques used against terrorism suspects , saying he would "  do it again in a minute . " Defenders of the CIA 's use of interrogation techniques used the weekend 's news programs to make a passionate case , following the release of a scathing report , composed by Senate Democrats , condemning the Bush-era practices . In an interview on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Cheney said the methods described in the Senate Intelligence Committee 's report -- including mock executions , rectal feeding and sleep deprivation -- do n't amount to torture . Torture , Cheney said , "  is an American citizen on a cell phone making a last call to his four young daughters shortly before he burns to death in the upper levels of the Trade Center in New York City on 9/11 . " "  There 's this notion that somehow there 's moral equivalence between what the terrorists do and what we do . And that 's absolutely not true , " he said . "  We were very careful to stop short of torture . The Senate has seen fit to label their report torture . But we worked hard to stay short of that definition . " The Republican added that he had no regrets about the techniques used by the Bush administration . He called the Senate panel 's report "  seriously flawed " and said the committee should have talked to officials involved in the interrogation program . "  I would do it again in a minute , " he said . Michael Mukasey , Bush 's attorney general , said the Senate panel 's investigators cherry-picked the evidence they included in the report . The report , he said in an interview with John Catsimatidis on AM 970 , is "  jam-packed with untruths " and will "  demoralize the CIA . " "  It 's even worse than that , " he said . "  They were cherry-picking , throwing away the cherries and they printed the pits . " One of the report 's bombshell assertions was that the CIA kept details of its tactics from Bush . The president 's former top political adviser , Karl Rove , said that 's untrue in an interview with "  Fox News Sunday . " Rove said Bush was briefed on the CIA 's tactics and authorized some of the specific ones that were used . "  He made the decision . He was presented , I believe , 12 techniques . He authorized the use of 10 of them , including waterboarding , " Rove said . All Republicans were n't as defensive of the Bush administration 's tactics . Arizona Sen. John McCain argued the tactics outlined in the report do amount to torture , and said he would "  urge everyone to just read the report . " "  These are the communications within the CIA as to what happened , " he said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  You ca n't claim that tying someone to the floor and have them freeze to death is not torture . You ca n't say 183 times someone is waterboarded . " McCain said calling the tactics used under Bush "  EITs " -- an acronym for enhanced interrogation techniques -- is "  Orwellian . "	Several George W. Bush administration officials defended the tactics used to interrogate terrorism suspects Their defense came after the Senate Intelligence Committee released a report on the issue Dick Cheney sharply criticized the report and said he 'd use the same tactics again "  in a minute "
CNN  -- Famous for honest self-portraits , Mexican artist Frida Kahlo said that she painted her reality and that her paintings carried a message of pain . Her life was full of it , both physical and emotional , and she used it to fuel her art . Frida Kahlo was born in this house and lived in it with her husband , Diego Rivera . Much can be learned about both her private and public life by visiting the home she shared , first with her parents and later with her painter husband , Diego Rivera . The bold blue house with red trim stands out in the quiet residential street of the Coyoacn section of Mexico City . It was painted that way because Kahlo and Rivera felt that the bright colors represented Mexican culture better than the original white paint . This home-turned-museum , known as La Casa Azul , is where Frida Kahlo was born , began to paint and died , making the house a witness to one of the most important artistic lives in Mexican history . The museum entrance leads to a large patio where pre-Columbian sculptures collected by Diego Rivera throughout his lifetime are scattered among the plants and fountains . The couple 's love for traditional Mexican art can be seen throughout the house , from the large fireplace designed by Rivera that dominates the first room , resembling a step pyramid like the ones built by the Mayas and Aztecs , to Kahlo 's paintings and the couple 's collection of smaller sculptures . Some of Kahlo 's most well-known works , such as "  Viva la Vida , " a still life of watermelons , are on display in the museum , but it is the personal objects that tell the most interesting stories . An entire room is dedicated to communist paraphernalia . Kahlo was very politically active and did not hide her political leanings . In fact , she and Rivera invited exiled Russian communist revolutionary Leon Trotsky and his wife to live with them in the late '30s . As visitors move through the museum , it is the remnants of Kahlo and Rivera 's private life that begin to tell their story . Part of the collection is a bed with a mirror attached to it , used by Kahlo in order to create many of her celebrated self-portraits . At the age of 18 , she was left bedridden for a few months when her spine was broken in a serious bus and trolley accident . It was during those months that Kahlo began to paint , to help pass the time and keep her spirits up . Also on view are several corsets that Kahlo had to wear during her lifetime because of lasting injuries from the accident , several surgeries and a childhood bout of polio . It was because she began painting that Kahlo met Diego Rivera , who was at the time a famous Mexican muralist . Kahlo wanted to know whether she had talent enough to make art a career , so she sought out Rivera to get his opinion . That was the start of their famously tempestuous relationship . They were married for the first time in 1929 , but after infidelities on both sides  including an affair between Kahlo and Trotsky  , they divorced in 1939 . They were married again a year later . She once commented on their relationship , saying that there had been two great accidents in her life , the trolley and Diego ; Diego , she claimed , had been the worst of the two . The house , which was witness to the birth of Kahlo on July 6 , 1907 , was also witness to her death July 13 , 1954 . Rivera put her ashes in a pre-Columbian urn , which remains in the house to this day . He donated the house in 1957 , and it opened to the public as La Casa Azul , Museo Frida Kahlo in 1958 . So the blue house , which has seen so much of the history of two of Mexico 's most famous artists and was witness to so much of Kahlo 's personal suffering , is open to the public , ready to tell their story to all who are willing to listen .	Frida Kahlo was born in La Casa Azul and lived there with Diego Rivera The house contains the bed where an injured Kahlo started to paint An entire room in the home is dedicated to communist paraphernalia
The Frisky  -- Thanksgiving is one of those great holidays that are less about commercialism and more about togetherness  and food , of course  . Unfortunately , all that togetherness can be a little stressful for couples -- especially if it includes a hectic travel schedule and/or time with one or both sets of families . So , after the jump , eight tips for surviving the holiday as a couple . 1 . If you 're hosting Thanksgiving , make sure to share the work load . Whether you 're hosting your friends or your families or a combination of both , the key to survival is to help each other with all the tasks at hand . That may mean splitting the duties  one of you cleans while the other one cooks  , or working together to get everything on the to-do list done . This is a wonderful opportunity to support one another and work toward a common goal together . Plus , entertaining can be fun -- especially if you do it with someone you love , so enjoy the day and do n't get too caught up in the idea of being "  perfect . " 2 . If you 're traveling , make a joint playlist for the road . Holiday travel is stressful enough and if there 's family on the other end of your trip , you 're likely feeling even more pressure than usual . So keep things a little lighter by spending an hour or so before your travel day making a joint playlist you can listen to together en route . Choose songs you both love or have special meaning to you as a couple to help you reconnect during your weekend away  or help you think of each other if you have to spend the holiday apart  . The Frisky : 10 tips for throwing a family-free , friends-only Thanksgiving 3 . Make time for just the two of you . If you 're hosting friends or family or going away for the whole weekend , it 's imperative that you squeeze in some solo time with your partner . If you 're lucky enough to share a room , retire to bed a little earlier than normal or stay in bed just a little later to relish a few extra moments of alone time . Try to get out for a walk around the neighborhood , or pull your boyfriend away from the rest of the family and show him a childhood photo album . The point is to reconnect at some point during each day so you can check in with one another and you wo n't feel like strangers when the weekend 's over and it 's just the two of you again . The Frisky : The American Music Awards : the good , the bad , and the boring 4 . If you 're meeting new family , debrief each other on names , relationships , and topics to avoid . Thanksgiving is a time for a lot of new couples to meet each other 's extended families for the first time . If you have a crazy Uncle Phil who 's sometimes medicated and sometimes not , warn your girlfriend about him before you throw her into the fray . Likewise , if cousin Sue just got canned or Aunt Irene 's cheatin ' husband just dumped her or twins Larry and Carrie ca n't stand each other anymore , let your boyfriend know about these dynamics so he 's not caught off-guard or with his foot in his mouth . The Frisky : The 10 most common non-negotiables 5 . Start a holiday tradition you both enjoy . It can be anything -- asking your guests to bring a favorite family dish , playing charades after dinner , watching the National Dog Show , volunteering at a soup kitchen -- but incorporating at least one activity you both really enjoy and declaring it a new tradition will help you feel connected and give you something to look forward to as a couple each year . The Frisky : 10 celebs who say they "  ca n't meet people " 6 . Get your heart rates up . Thanksgiving is all about food and you 're going to be stuffing your faces with a lot of it , so make sure you engage in some physical activity to burn off some of those calories -- and stress ! -- and to help keep each other from sliding off the exercise wagon during the holiday weekend . A walk before or after dinner is always a good idea . The Frisky : The 10 ugliest Prince William and Kate Middleton products for sale 7 . Compromise , compromise , compromise . Whether you have invites to more than one Thanksgiving get-together , you live close enough to see both sets of families , or you have to choose which family or set of friends to spend time with this year , the key to avoiding a fight and hurt feelings is to compromise . If you can only see one set of family , decide to see the other set  or sets , if you 're children of divorced families  for Christmas or New Year 's or Thanksgiving next year . If everyone lives close enough that you can see more than one set of family  or friends  this holiday , have lunch at one place and dinner at another , or the entre at one home and dessert at the other . People understand -- or they should , anyway -- if you have double the social obligations and ca n't spend the entire day and evening at one place . The Frisky : Can ex-lovers be roomies ? 8 . Thank each other . This is Thanksgiving , after all , so do n't forget to show your appreciation for your one and only . Whether you 're grateful he 's coming home with you to meet your family or you 're thankful she 's putting up with all the football on TV , tell your significant other often how much you appreciate him or her this Thanksgiving . It 's one of those things people really ca n't hear enough . Especially when they 're stuck between feuding Larry and Carrie at the dinner table ... The Frisky : How my Thanksgiving was shattered TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Make sure to share the work load with your significant other during Thanksgiving Debrief each other on new family members and friends who may be attending your dinner Compromising and thanking each other can help a couple get along during stressful times
CNN  -- Comedy Central 's successor to "  The Colbert Report " will be "  The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore . " With "  The Minority Report , " which starts next January , the cable channel is trying out a new format in the crowded late-night talk show field , just as it did with "  Colbert " nearly a decade ago . Stephen Colbert and CBS announced last month that he would leave his "  Report " at the end of 2014 and replace David Letterman on "  The Late Show " sometime next year . Wilmore , meanwhile , will replace Colbert weeknights at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central , following "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " at 11 p.m. Wilmore appeared several times on "  The Daily Show " as its "  senior black correspondent . " His "  Report " will diversify the television lineup , since most late-night comics are white men . " ` The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore ' follows in the Comedy Central tradition -- bringing new perspectives to the day 's events and breaking ground in the world of late night television , " said Michele Ganeless , the president of Comedy Central , in a news release . The satirical "  Colbert Report , " which premiered in 2005 , took its cues from conservative talking head programs such as "  The O'Reilly Factor " which were newly prominent at the time . Similarly , "  The Minority Report " will borrow from the "  panel shows " that have proliferated on cable news .  Fox News has a brand-new one at noon Eastern time , "  Outnumbered , " with four women and one man , and a popular one at 5 p.m. , "  The Five . " "  The series will feature a diverse panel of voices currently underrepresented in comedy and television , " Comedy Central said . Stewart 's Busboy Productions developed both the "  Colbert Report " and the "  Minority Report . " Wilmore called himself "  beyond excited to have this chance to continue my relationships with Comedy Central and the brilliant Jon Stewart . " His follower count on Twitter more than doubled after the new show was announced .	Larry Wilmore will take over Stephen Colbert 's time slot on Comedy Central Wilmore is known as the "  Senior Black Correspondent " on "  The Daily Show " Wilmore will bring cable news panel style satire to "  The Minority Report "
EW.com  -- They 've been separated for about a year-and-a-half , but Courteney Cox and David Arquette are proving once again they have no hard feelings . EW confirms a report that Arquette is set to guest star on "  Cougar Town 's " season 3 finale as a concierge who crosses paths with Jules  Cox  and -LSB- spoiler alert -RSB- her bridal party . As you might now , this season ,  FINALLY  starting February 14 , will see Cox 's character getting engaged to Grayson  which , creator Bill Lawrence recently joked with EW , "  pretty much makes it the worst -LSB- show -RSB- title in the history of television "  . All of this , of course , comes at the end of a season riddled with as much fun as there is wine in the veins of the cul-de-sac crew . But what exactly is in store ? In addition to what EW scooped up out at TCA , here 's some more intel for you to drink up  some of which loyal readers of EW 's Spoiler Room are already privy to  : - Travis  Dan Byrd  spends seven episodes in a helmet , following an accident that leaves him with a skull fracture . "  Our loyal fans and the writers and staff of the show hated his hair last year , and I was trying to think of a suitable punishment , " jokes creator Bill Lawrence . "  He wears a big white foam helmet . But I think not only is it funny , but in a positive way , it teaches this young actor not to have ridiculous hair that people complain about . " Adds Cox : "  I do n't know that his hair looks much better now . " - Laurie  Busy Philipps  , who will later this season also get a new love interest , opens a cake business after she and Jules part ways . "  That 's funny in the way that unfolds , " Lawrence teases . - Bobby  Brian Van Holt  finds a girlfriend in "  Scrubs ' " Sarah Chalke . "  Besides the fact that I think she 's very talented and the episodes are funny , it was fun for Courteney and me and the others to have her around her because she 's a friend , " says Lawrence . - Speaking of "  Scrubs , " Zach Braff will also appear , but , says Lawrence , "  I can only smile because one of the agreements I always make with friends that do favors for me -LSB- is that -RSB- when they are n't doing big guest star parts , I -LSB- wo n't -RSB- use them to promote the show . But I am allowed to say that it is one little scene this year that will certainly melt the brain of different ` Scrubs ' fans . " - Jules and Grayson go to marriage counseling , a storyline , in part , inspired by Cox , according to Lawrence . "  When it comes to shrinks , one of the funniest things , between Courtney and me , is that she 's a believer in counseling and therapy and stuff . And I 've often heard her tell stories or jokingly say that I should go to therapy with her , so it makes me really laugh -- the idea that Jules not only believes in -LSB- therapy -RSB- for herself but for the people around her , both to help them and as a threat because they misbehave , " he says . - There 's an appearance from The Worthless Peons , a.k.a. Ted 's a cappella band from "  Scrubs . " - Grayson 's past comes back to bite him . Two words : Love child . "  We pursued this story last year and for the first two years of Josh Hopkins ' character , Grayson , wanting a kid and Courteney 's character being up for anything . So as writers , we had to solve that , and I did n't think we wanted to do an adoption story because Courteney did that very well on ` Friends , ' " he said . In fact , Lawrence says , that 's the situation they often run into . "  One of the worst things about working with Courteney Cox is that every time you come up with what you think is a big funny interpersonal story , someone in the writer 's room -- because they all loved her on ` Friends ' -- will be like ` Yeah , that 's like when Chandler and Monica adopted a baby ... ' And I 'm like ` Shut up , I 'm going to kill you . ' I 'm not as familiar with ` Friends ' as I should be . I would have watched it constantly , but one of the people that created that show fired me early on , so I stopped watching it out of spite . " "  You think I do n't have a filter ?! " Cox responds with a laugh . "  YOU do n't have a filter . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	David Arquette is set to guest star on "  Cougar Town 's " season 3 finale Bobby  Brian Van Holt  finds a girlfriend in "  Scrubs ' " Sarah Chalke Jules and Grayson go to marriage counseling , a storyline inspired by Courteney Cox
CNN  -- The New Jersey Attorney General announced criminal charges Friday against state troopers involved in the unauthorized high-speed State Police escort of a caravan of high-performance sports cars dubbed "  Death Race 2012 " by local media in March . Authorities allege Sgt. First Class Nadir Nassry , 47 , and Trooper Joseph Ventrella , 28 , led the caravan of exotic , high-speed sports cars down a state highway to Atlantic City without proper authorization and drove at unsafe speeds , endangering other motorists on March 30 , 2012 . According to the Attorney General 's office , the drivers of the cars were part of a sports car club that included former New York Giants running back Brandon Jacobs . Before the high-velocity trip , prosecutors say , the troopers altered their license plates by using black electrical tape to change the numbers . Nassry is said to have instructed the other drivers in the caravan to "  conceal or partially conceal their plates using tape or other means , " according to a press release from the office of Attorney General Jeffrey S. Chiesa "  No one is above the law , and the public expects and deserves a higher level of conduct from our state troopers , most of whom deliver admirably and professionally in that regard , " Chiesa said . "  The conduct alleged here jeopardized public safety and undermined the trust the public places in law enforcement and the State Police . Serious misconduct by any state trooper must be met with serious discipline and , where warranted and appropriate , criminal charges . " Ventrella 's attorney could not be reached Friday , but Nassry 's attorney , Charles J Sciarra said his client acknowledges running the escort was a bad idea , but that he refutes allegations he altered his license plate . He points to Nassry 's 25 year service record as proof . "  Sgt. Nassry denies the charges , admits the escort was a mistake and has moved to retire as a result , and will fight these charges and for his well earned pension after an otherwise unblemished career . " For their alleged part in the license plate changes , Nassry was charged with third-degree tampering with public records or information and fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records . Ventrella was charged with fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records . "  The alleged actions of these two troopers in altering the license plates of their troop cars were clearly intended to conceal their involvement in conduct that they knew was wrong , " said Chiesa . State Police officials revealed new Standing Operating Procedure addressing escorts Friday too . The new procedure outlines when escorts are authorized and places an emphasis on public safety a statement said . Authorities also announced disciplinary charges against four other troopers in connection with a similar State Police escort involving similar vehicles in 2010 , and disciplinary charges against a trooper who improperly handled a speeding ticket issued to a member of a driving club in his Lamborghini in 2010 . The Attorney General 's office said that while their investigation remains open , it is "  unlikely " any of the sports car drivers will be charged with any crimes . "  Here is the real issue , " Sciarra said . "  My client denies he told anyone to tape their plates while some unknown number of affluent exotic car owners explained their taped plates by saying the trooper said to do it . Why are affluent exotic car owners ' words given any more credence by this administration than a decorated public servant ? The administration may not want to ask tough questions of affluent exotic car owners with who knows what kinds of connections , but we will . " Nassry and Ventrella have been suspended without pay since April 23 . If convicted of the criminal charges , both troopers would lose their jobs and pensions , face large fines and possible jail time . Nassry faces 3-5 years in prison and Ventrella faces 18 months .	New Jersey AG announces criminal charges against state troopers Troopers were involved in unauthorized high speed police escort of sports cars Incident dubbed "  Death Race 2012 " by local media in March
Shanghai  CNN  -- Thirty years ago , the mention of a social ball would have made most Chinese cringe -- it was regarded as a typical derivative of capitalism . However this year , Shanghai hosted its first International Debutante Ball , and an invitation to the high-society event is becoming the new status symbol in the city . Ricky Gong , 39 , a Shanghai-born beauty contest organizer , was one of 150 guests who sipped champagne under chandeliers at the invitation-only event held in January . "  The ball was elegant , noble and very ceremonial , " he says . "  It had a very strong upper-class feeling . " Now , a second ball is on its way . In the West , a debutante ball is the "  coming-out party " for daughters of the rich , famed and powerful . In the Shanghai Waldorf Astoria 's colonial-style ballroom , Gong witnessed 13 ladies making their debut into high society , donning traditional white gowns and dripping with RMB 60 million  US$ 9.5 million  worth of jewelry and tiaras . This is one of Shanghai 's most luxurious venues . A dinner for two could easily run to RMB 1,000  US$ 158  , about one-third of the monthly salary of an average Chinese person . Gong says he enjoyed it . "  The event is good for shaping the elite class of socialism , " he explains . "  Our society needs elites like  the debutantes  to help build positive social morality and establish correct values . " Up until the mid-1980s , Communist China regarded farmers and workers as the noblest people of all . "  In today 's mainland China , there are only two renditions of the high society : money and power , " Gong comments . Chinese socialite Vivian Chow Wong , 66 , is the brains behind the ball . The daughter of late Peking Opera master Zhou Xinfang , the homegrown dame will host her next cotillion at the Peninsula Shanghai in January 2013 . "  I brought the ball to China because  I think the time is right , " says Wong , who moved to Hong Kong with her family in 1959 and has since studied and lived in Asia , Europe and North America . With the exposure of mainland girls taking part in other debutante balls in the West , Wong reckons there is room for one in China "  where the girls are striving to have a certain quality of life other than brand names and materialistic things . " The first Shanghai International Debutante Ball did not invite any ladies from the mainland  13 debs aged between 16-25 came from Britain , Australia , Hong Kong and Taiwan  , but eligible daughters of the Communist Party elite or "  red princesses " have waltzed at Le Bal des D  butantes , the annual Debutante Ball in Paris , for the past decade . Wan Baobao was the first to attend the Parisian event in 2003 . The Beijing-born jewelry designer is the granddaughter of Wan Li , who , among other titles , served as the former vice premier of the State Council in the '80s . Wan 's debut was followed by Chen Xiaodan in 2006 , whose father governs the China Development Bank . Chen 's grandfather , Chen Yun , was a founding member of the PRC and a high-ranking official in the country until the late 1980s , according to Want China Times . And , Jasmine Li , a young debutante said be the granddaughter of a current member of the Politburo Standing Committee , was reported to have attended the Paris Debutante Ball in 2009 . "  Many people on the Internet have raised questions about the attendance of Chinese debutantes such as Wan and Chen , " says Rachel Lu , 31 , editor from Tea Leaf Nation , an English language blog focusing on the social media reaction to Chinese news . "  Netizens said  their ancestors were Communists or Red Army . Strictly speaking , they ca n't be the ` Chinese royalty , ' " adds Lu , who hails from Chengdu and graduated from Harvard Law School . In a country that deposed its last emperor , Pu Yi , one century ago , many are questioning the meaning of the "  upper class " in today 's society , continues Lu . China-based etiquette trainer Lawrence Lo thinks China needs five to 10 years to mature for a debutante ball . "  It is not the right time yet and too early for social acceptance of such occasions since there is still not an established environment that advocates such exclusive activities , " says Lo , 39 , who owns a boutique etiquette consultancy in Shanghai . The lack of strong candidates is another challenge . "  A qualified debutante will take years of personal training and development , " adds Lo . "  China has seen its economy growing at a very rapid pace in the last 10 years , but soft skills lag behind its current development . " Wong reveals that two or three debs from the mainland , who she met after January , will attend her next ball . She stresses her debs do n't necessarily need to have a wealthy family or a strong lineage  "  though a strong lineage helps "  , but they must have the elegance , quality , and style of a modern woman . This entails a proper family upbringing and preferably education in the West . In addition , they must have a "  good family background . " "  Good family background in today 's China means a family without any scandals , such as corruption , " says Wong . Lu says the Shanghai International Debutante Ball has yet to receive attention from Chinese netizens due to the lack of mainland debs in the first one , but if the future selected ladies are princelings , this could cause controversy . "  However , people will be more tolerant if they turn out to be daughters or granddaughters of pure businessmen . " This sharp reality has n't escaped organizer Wong , who claims that her debutante ball "  will have nothing to do with children of Chinese government officials . " She adds , "  I personally prefer girls from private enterprises because that makes life easier for everybody . "	Chinese socialite plans to host first debutante ball for mainland girls in 2013 13 debutantes from outside China made their debut at first event in January A number of Chinese girls with impeccable links have attended European events Etiquette trainer says China 's not yet ready for the high-society event
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Rick Norsigian kept two boxes he bought at a garage sale under his pool table for four years before realizing they may be too valuable to store at home . The Fresno , California , commercial painter learned this week that what was in those boxes he paid $ 45 dollars for a decade ago could be worth more than $ 200 million . "  When I heard that $ 200 million , I got a little weak , " Norsigian said at a Beverly Hills art gallery Tuesday . Art , forensic , handwriting and weather experts teamed up to conclude the 65 glass plates in the boxes were photographic negatives created more than 80 years ago by Ansel Adams , the iconic American photographer whose images of the West inspired the country . Arnold Peter , the lawyer who led the effort to authenticate that the negatives were made by the man known as the father of American photography , said their approach was "  to put these negatives on trial . " Experts , including a former FBI agent and a U.S. attorney , "  came to the conclusion that , based on the evidence which was overwhelming , that no reasonable person would have any doubt that these , in fact , were the long-lost images of Ansel Adams , " Arnold said . The photographs were from the early career of the famed nature photographer , a period that is not well documented since a 1937 darkroom fire destroyed 5,000 of his plates , Arnold said . "  It truly is a missing link of Ansel Adams and history and his career , " said Beverly Hills appraiser and art dealer David W. Streets . The photographs were taken between 1919 and the early 1930s at locations familiar to Adams , mostly around Yosemite , California , Streets said . "  This is going to show the world the evolution of his eye , of his talent , of his skill , his gift , but also his legacy , " Streets said . "  And it 's a portion that we thought had been destroyed in the studio fire . " Norsigian , who scours garage sales for antiques , was looking for a barber chair when he spotted to two deteriorated boxes in the spring of 2000 . "  When I pulled on of those glass negatives out , I seen Yosemite , " he said . "  As a young man , I worked at Yosemite quite a bit . So , right away I recognized it as Yosemite . " He bickered with the seller , finally negotiating down from $ 70 to $ 45 for the boxes . The owner said he bought them in the 1940s at a warehouse salvage in Los Angeles . He bickered the price down from $ 70 to $ 45 . It would be two years before he realized they photos may be from Adams , he said . After four years , he had done enough research to realize the plates could be valuable . He moved them from under his pool table and placed them in a bank vault . How these 6.5 x 8.5 inch glass plate negatives of famous Yosemite landscapes and San Francisco landmarks -- some of them with fire damage -- made their way from Adams collection 70 years ago to a Southern California garage sale in 2000 can only be guessed . Photography expert Patrick Alt , who helped confirm the authenticity of the negatives , suspects Adams carried them to use in a photography class he was teaching in Pasadena , California , in the early 1940s . "  It is my belief that he brought these negatives with him for teaching purposes and to show students how to not let their negatives be engulfed in a fire , " Alt said . "  I think this clearly explains the range of work in these negatives , from very early pictorialist boat pictures , to images not as successful , to images of the highest level of his work during this time period . " Alt said it is impossible to know why Adams would store them in Pasadena and never reclaim them . The plates were individually wrapped in newspaper inside deteriorating manila envelopes . Notations on each envelope appeared to have been made by Virginia Adams , the photographer 's wife , according to handwriting experts Michael Nattenberg and Marcel Matley . They compared them to samples provided by the Adams ' grandson . While most of the negatives appear never to have been printed , several are nearly identical to well-known Adams prints , the experts said . Meteorologist George Wright studied clouds and snow cover in a Norsigian negative to conclude that it was taken at about the same time as a known Adams photo of a Yosemite tree . In addition to Yosemite -- the California wilderness that Adams helped conserve -- the negatives depict California 's Carmel Mission , views of a rocky point in Carmel , San Francisco 's Fisherman 's Wharf , a sailing yacht at sea and an image of sand dunes . "  The fact that these locations were well-known to Adams , and visited by him , further supports the proposition that all of the images in the collection were most probably created by Adams , " said art expert Robert Moeller . Moeller said that after six months of study , he concluded "  with a high degree of probability , that the images under consideration were produced by Ansel Adams . Silver tarnishing on the negatives also helped date the plates to around the 1920s , Alt said . "  I have sent people to prison for the rest of their lives for far less evidence than I have seen in this case , " said evidence and burden of proof expert Manny Medrano , who was hired by Norsigian to help authenticate them . "  In my view , those photographs were done by Ansel Adams . " Arnold , the lawyer , said they presented their evidence to descendants of Adams , but they 've not heard back . Norsigian , who is 64 , still works for the Fresno school system , but he may retire this year . It could be a while before he sees the profits from the sale of prints from the negatives , but Streets estimates over the next 25 years it could mean over $ 200 million for Norsigian . For now , the photos will go on a tour of universities and museums , starting in October at Fresno State University , Norsigian said , "  I just hope everybody enjoys them , " he said . He 's not spoken with the man who sold him the two boxes a decade ago . "  If he 's still around , I 'm afraid he may come looking for me , " he said .	NEW : Negatives were stored under a pool table for years Man paid $ 45 at a California garage sale for 65 glass plates Experts concluded negatives were lost Ansel Adams photos Photos are a "  missing link " in Adam 's career
CNN Student News  -- October 9 , 2014 From news in Texas concerning the Ebola virus to a storm in the Pacific threatening Japan , we cover a lot of ground this Thursday . You 'll learn a Random Fact , see a comprehensive study in character , and hear about a new sport that people play feet-first . You 'll also see how the NFL is getting more live data than ever about its players . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Police have identified the man whose shooting of another man outside a store in Naples , Italy , was captured by a surveillance camera , the Italian news agency ANSA reported Saturday . The announcement came two days after police released the video of the brazen daylight shooting in hopes it would lead someone to come forward . Police did not release the man 's name . The video , shot May 11 , shows a man wearing jeans , a dark jersey and a baseball cap , walking into the store and looking around , turning and walking back out . Passersby appear unfazed . One woman tries to lift up the victim 's head in an apparent attempt to see if she knew him ; a man steps over the body . Police said they had been without any clues before the release of the video . A source who was not identified publicly said the killer was a man in his 30s from Naples ' northern Sanita district who had recently left the city . A third man seen in the video was thought to have been an accomplice , but he told Il Mattino newspaper that he had nothing to do with the killing . "  I am the man of the film , but I have never been a lookout , and now I am afraid , " the 39-year-old man said . "  I was taking a breath of air , waiting for my daughter to go shopping . " The man said he had been living "  in terror " since acquaintances called him from Germany to tell him they had seen him on the video . Police said they knew of no motive for the killing , which took place in the poor neighborhood of Rione Sanita , where Camorra , the name for organized crime in Naples , is strong . The victim was a bank robber , the spokesman said . A police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county .	Surveillance video shows man shooting another man outside a store in Naples , Italy Police released the video in hopes it would lead someone to come forward Release of the video provided clues , police say ; source says killer is a man from Naples Third man in video was thought to be accomplice , but he tells newspaper he was n't involved
CNN  -- Samsung tablets have edged out iPads for the first time in JD Power 's biannual customer-satisfaction survey , although some observers say the results do n't quite add up . Samsung topped JD Power 's rankings with a score of 835 out of 1,000 , narrowly beating out Apple 's 833 . Amazon was third in customer satisfaction at 826 , followed by Asus and Acer . The rankings are based on the experiences of 3,375 tablet owners who responded between March and August of this year , and do n't include the new iPad Air and iPad Mini , which went on sale Friday . But some tech pundits questioned the market-research company 's scoring system . Survey respondents scored Apple 's iPad higher than Samsung 's tablets in four of five categories -- performance , ease of operation , styling/design , and features -- while Samsung scored higher in just one : cost . A Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 with an almost 8-inch screen , Wi-Fi-only connectivity and 16GB of storage sells for $ 299 , compared to $ 399 for a comparable iPad Mini . "  Reporters who got their hands on the attached chart were left scratching their heads , " wrote Philip Elmer DeWitt in Fortune . "  The only category that Samsung beat Apple in was  duh  cost . And cost , according to Power 's press release , counts for at most 16 % of the total score . " "  Did J.D. Power overreach in giving its top customer satisfaction nod to Samsung instead of Apple ? " wondered Don Reisinger of CNET . "  So who 's the real winner ? " JD Power did not immediately respond Friday to CNN 's request for comment . Apple in the past has trumpeted JD Power 's rankings as evidence of its products ' popularity with consumers . At the company 's Worldwide Developers Conference in June , Apple CEO Tim Cook bragged that iOS devices have won nine consecutive JD Power awards . JD Power 's survey notes that Samsung is the only manufacturer to improve across all five categories since its last survey in April . The survey found that before buying their tablet , 50 % of consumers rely on recommendations from friends , family members or colleagues , while 49 % gather information from the manufacturer 's website . Other factors that determine tablet-buying choices include brand reputation  42 %  and past experience with the brand  32 %  .	Samsung tablets edged out iPads in JD Power 's new customer-satisfaction survey Samsung topped the rankings with a score of 835 , narrowly beating out Apple 's 833 Some tech pundits questioned the market-research company 's scoring system Users scored the iPad higher than Samsung tablets in four of five categories
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The cause of a deadly Washington Metro subway crash last month remains a mystery , with one problem identified by investigators persisting even after engineers replaced a key part that was believed to be faulty , a top Metro official said Tuesday Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington . Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . At a congressional hearing , Jim Graham said Metro replaced a device that was "  fluttering , " signaling the presence of a train one moment and not the next . "  You 'd think that that would remedy the issue , that ... we would have solved the problem , " said Graham , chairman of Metro 's board of directors . "  In fact , the new device ... continued the same fluttering as the former device . " "  We 're left with a very compelling mystery as to what is going on here , " he said . The National Transportation Safety Board , which is leading the investigation , acknowledged that Metro 's system of detecting trains continues to have unexplained , intermittent failures . "  Sometimes it 's working ; sometimes it 's not , even with those changes , " NTSB member Deborah Hersman told a House committee . "  We 've walked back the cable to see if there might be some cabling issues . There 's a lot of challenges here and we 're changing out some components and trying to identify what the problem is , " she said . Metro has said it will operate the subway trains on manual control until officials have identified and fixed the problem with the automatic train system . Nine people were killed and scores were injured during the June 22 crash just north of the Red Line 's Fort Totten station . At Tuesday 's hearing , a passenger on one of the trains gave a dramatic description of the accident . Patrick Tuite of Kensington , Maryland , said he had just put down his newspaper and closed his eyes to relax when he heard a screeching sound , someone yelling and "  one of the loudest bangs I 've ever heard in my life . " Tuite said in the impact , he hit the seat in front of him . When Tuite peered into the forward-most car , he saw extensive damage . The floor of the car had collapsed "  accordion-like , " he said . "  We could hear the people at this point in the first car , " he said . "  And it was pretty chaotic . They were screaming ; they were upset , " he said . But the collision had jammed the doors between the cars , making it impossible to reach victims in the front car . It was n't until he got off the train that he realized the first car was thrust into the air , he said . Eleanor Holmes Norton , the District of Columbia 's Congressional delegate , chided the NTSB for making prohibitively costly safety recommendations while ignoring cheaper , common sense solutions , such as putting the newer , more robust rail cars at the front and back of trains . "  Over and over again , you said , ` Do the impossible , ' " Norton , a Democrat , said , referring to NTSB recommendations that Metro replace older cars with sturdier new ones . "  Why did n't the transportation board at least recommend this rather low-tech , low-cost step ? " Hersman said the NTSB 's role is to push for safety improvements . "  We do make recommendations , Ms. Norton , and we do n't have to pay for them , so we recognize that frustration , " she said . "  But our charge is not to -LSB- consider costs -RSB- . Our charge is to recommend what we think is in the best interest of the safety community . We are the conscience and the compass of the transportation industry , and they -LSB- transportation providers and regulators -RSB- get to decide if and how they implement it , " Hersman said .	Unexplained , intermittent failures persist despite repairs , Metro official says Passenger recalls loud bang , "  accordion-like " collapse of floor , screams Delegate chides NTSB for making high-cost , "  impossible " recommendations 9 people killed , scores injured in June 22 crash near Red Line 's Fort Totten station
Rolling Stone  -- Kanye West premiered his much-discussed short film/art installation "  Cruel Summer " at the Cannes Film Festival last night . Starring Kid Cudi as a car thief who falls in love with a blind Arabian princess , the clip is the project he was reportedly working on in the Middle East in February . The film 's cast also includes Razane Jammal , Pusha T , Big Sean , Palestinian actor Ali Suliman , Aziz Ansari and West himself . As MTV points out , "  Cruel Summer " is similar to West 's 2010 short film "  Runaway " in that it 's an extended music video with little dialogue and plenty of striking imagery . "  Cruel Summer " utilizes seven screens and features completely new music from West and his G.O.O.D. Music affiliates that will reportedly appear on an album , also titled Cruel Summer , set for release sometime this year . Reactions to the music have been overwhelmingly positive , with MTV calling it "  rocking " and GQ senior editor Logan Hill tweeting from the premiere that the music "  was the best part -- big complex production , huge beats . " The Hollywood Reporter noted multiple instances of chair-dancing in the audience . Response to the film has also been generally warm . The Los Angeles Times film blog 24 Frames wrote , "  The story is secondary to the pyrotechnics , with new music from West and a thumping surround-sound quality that makes a 3D Michael Bay effort feel like an iPad short . " Vulture , meanwhile , praised West 's "  great visual sense " and noted the effectiveness of the special camera rig invented for the film to incorporate all seven screens , whether it was stretching a single shot across multiple screens or having each display a different image/angle during a single scene . "  The movie is all Kanye 's vision -- his images , his music and costumes he designed , mixed with pieces by local Arabian designers , " wrote Jada Yuan . "  He put it together in two-and-a-half months with only four days of actual shooting . " In a speech following the film , West said , "  I was very particular about having the screens be separate and having it where your mind puts the screens back together -- the way you can put memories together , the way that happens throughout the day and it all links back up . " Vulture also managed to score a comment from one of the many stars in attendance , Jay-Z . "  It 's about the things that separate us -- race and class in society and things like that . But the only thing that really binds us is true love , " he said . West said he will keep working on and improving the film , and he plans to bring it to Qatar and New York in the future . "  I 'm not the best director in the world or anything like that , but I had an idea , " said West during his post-film speech . "  I could dream of , one day , this being the way that people watch movies , in this form where it surrounds you and people want to go back and see it more and more because they missed something else to the left and missed something else to the right , and it felt more like the experience of life . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Cruel Summer " is Kanye West 's short film which premiered at Cannes Kid Cudi stars as a car thief who falls in love with a blind Arabian princess "  Cruel Summer " is similar to West 's 2010 short film "  Runaway " in that it 's an extended music video
CNN  -- The infamous "  Onion Field " cop killer whose 1963 crime was chronicled in a best-selling book and a movie has died , officials said Monday . He was 79 . Gregory Powell died Sunday at the California Medical Facility , a prison in Vacaville , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation said in a statement . In October , Powell was denied compassionate release , all but guaranteeing he would die behind bars . He had cancer , according to the Los Angeles Police Protective League . Prison officials , however , never confirmed that account and Monday 's statement said simply that Powell died of "  natural causes . " He was serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole for killing Los Angeles Police Officer Ian Campbell nearly 50 years ago . The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh 's best-selling book , "  The Onion Field " and a movie by the same name . On the night of March 9 , 1963 , Powell and accomplice Jimmy Lee Smith were driving around Los Angeles , looking for a liquor store to rob . Campbell and his partner , Officer Karl Hettinger , pulled the two over in a routine stop . Powell , who was ordered out of the car , pointed a gun at Campbell 's head . He and Smith disarmed both officers , took them hostage and drove to a remote onion field in Bakersfield , a town about 110 miles of north of downtown Los Angeles . The officers were forced out of the car and ordered to stand with their hands above their heads . Powell said to them , "  We told you we were going to let you guys go , but have you ever heard of the Little Lindbergh Law ? " "  Yes , " Campbell , 31 , replied . Powell then shot him to death . Hettinger escaped , but the murder of his partner haunted him for the rest of his life . Powell and Smith were sentenced to death in November 1963 . Their sentences were commuted to life in prison with the possibility of parole in the early 1970s when the death penalty was declared unconstitutional . Smith was paroled in 1982 , but was in and out of prison in subsequent years for drug-related parole violations . He died at a California detention center in 2007 . The Little Lindbergh Law makes a kidnapping within the state a capital offense if the victim suffers death or other injury . Powell , however , erroneously believed the law made it a capital offense to kidnap a police officer . The Little Lindbergh Law followed a federal law , nicknamed the Lindbergh Law , that made taking a kidnapped person across state lines a federal crime . That law was passed after the kidnapping and murder of the young son of aviator Charles Lindbergh in 1932 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Gregory Powell was 79 He was serving a life sentence for the 1963 murder of a Los Angeles police officer The crime was chronicled in Joseph Wambaugh 's book , "  The Onion Field "
CNN  -- Carefully maneuvering around a jumble of slippery rocks , Josephat Torner slowly steps inside a cluster of dark caves in northeast Tanzania . Ahead of him , leading the trail with an air of assurance , walks a local witchdoctor . Aided by a couple of artificial lights , the two figures venture deeper into the darkness , running their hands along the cavern 's limestone walls for guidance . Bats meandering above their heads , the men enter a vast cave chamber dotted with a handful of rocks . "  What I want to know is , " Torner breaks the silence , " have you ever seen anyone pray for something evil down here ? " he asks the witchdoctor . "  So they can get hold of someone ? Like an albino ? " An albino himself , Torner has been traveling around Tanzania to debunk the widespread misconceptions about the congenital disorder . Dozens of albinos have been mutilated and slaughtered in the country in recent years , because of rumors being spread that their body parts can bring wealth and good luck . Read this : Witchcraft in Tanzania To stop the atrocities , Torner thought he needed to confront the group he believed was the source of these rumors : witchdoctors . And that 's what brought him to the depths of this cave , face to face with his "  enemy . " "  We call you a spirit because a white person like you is the devil , " readily admits the witchdoctor . "  You 're saying I 'm a white demon ? " Torner hits back , "  we are demons ? " The reply : "  Yes , because you 're white . " ` In the Shadow of the Sun ' This dramatic confrontation is one of the most intense moments captured in a new documentary , called "  In the Shadow of the Sun . " The independent film , shot by director Harry Freeland , chronicles the life story of Torner and his fight for acceptance of albinos in a country where little is known about the genetic disorder . "  My heart always is still looking the recognition of people with albinism in this world , " says Torner , who 's been an advocate for albino rights since 2004 . "  Just to recognize that we are here . " Torner and Freeland spent six years creating the film . The director 's inspiration to make a documentary on albinism came nearly a decade ago , when he had one of his first encounters with someone with the disorder in Senegal . "  A woman approached me in the street , held out her child and said ` here , take it back , where it comes from , " remembers Freeland . "  She had a child with albinism and because I 'm white , she thought the child belonged to me in some way -- her husband had left her for having a white child and accused her of sleeping with a white man . " Leading man People with albinism are born with genes that do not make the normal amounts of the pigment called melanin . Those born with the disorder , which affects people from all races , inherited the genes from their parents who may or may not have any of the associated traits . But many people do n't understand the effects of the condition and as Freeland discovered , in parts of Africa albinos often suffer social stigma , prejudice and even attacks . Read this : Slave trade ghost town Keen to make a film documenting the plight of this group of people , Freeland headed to Tanzania , the country reported to have one of the biggest albino populations in the world . There , he came across many amazing stories , but he did n't find his leading man until he met Torner . "  I just heard him speak and instantly , I just knew he was the one to lead the film , " says Freeland . "  I think so many stories that come out of Africa are negative , and everything about Josephat is positive . " Despite growing up with a disorder that left his skin and hair pale , as well as his strength and eye sight weak , Torner has succeeded in making the best of his situation . Over the years , he 's overcome struggles and discrimination to receive an education and get married . A father of two , Torner ' has even climbed Africa 's tallest mountain , Kilimanjaro , to prove that albinos can achieve greatness . "  It was really very difficult to climb , " he admits . "  But I was climbing because at that time I had an agenda behind for what is happening to this world , " he adds . "  We are killed , we are hunted , we are chopped . So I climbed with a special message ... to the African countries : that we are able . But -LSB- also -RSB- protect us , give us a chance , do n't stigmatize , do n't isolate , do n't hide us to the darkness room -- just open the way . " ` Why are they killing us ? ' In 2009 , the Tanzanian government embarked on a campaign against the killers of albinos , particularly in the Lake Victoria region . Freeland says at the heart of the problem are witch doctors making claims that albino body parts can bring wealth . "  In Tanzania , there 's been 72 reported people with albinism killed over the last five years , " says Freeland , noting that the actual number could be higher . "  And there 's been 34 people left mutilated that have survived attacks . " Some of the victims were people Torner used to know . "  I was angry , " says Torner , recalling the moments following his confrontation with the witchdoctor . "  He answered it to me directly , without even trying to hide anything . So I was angry , of course , because I remember my brothers and sisters whom I lost , because I will not see them forever and while he 's there he 's continually surviving , " he adds . "  So , you ask yourself , ` what 's the problem ? Why are they killing us ? Why are they hunting us ? ' " Torner realizes he may never get a suitable answer to those questions . Yet , this does n't stop him from doing all he can to bring attention to his message of creating a more inclusive society . He hopes that his community work and the documentary focusing on his efforts , coupled with the outreach from other organizations and the government , will eventually make Tanzania a place where albinos are n't forced to stay in the shadows . "  It 's my dream in my life that people with albinism are respected and given all rights which other human beings are being given , " he says . "  This is what is in my heart -- when I would see justice to people with albinism ; when I would see the lifespan of people with albinism is increasing , this is still a dream to my life . "	In recent years , there 's been an increase in the deaths of albinos in Tanzania At the heart of the problem , are rumors that albinos ' body parts can bring wealth and good luck Josephat Torner has been spreading awareness about albinism in Tanzania His efforts have been captured in the documentary "  In the Shadow of the Sun "
CNN  -- An Oscar nomination , abs of steel and five leading roles in a 10-month span typically denotes Hollywood golden boy . Despite critical acclaim and a smoldering stare , Ryan Gosling still manages to fly under the radar with most of the moviegoing masses . The actor has already received praise for his performance as the press secretary/spin doctor to Gov. Mike Morris  George Clooney  in "  The Ides of March , " which hits theaters Friday . And his role as heartthrob Noah Calhoun in 2004 's "  The Notebook " will continue to haunt mediocre boyfriends everywhere . Yet Gosling 's movies , many of which are smaller films , do n't always resonate at the box office . Consider this our public apology to you , Gosling , for not rewarding your hotness and all around good-guyness by making you a mega-star by now . We 've loved you since you started out as a Mouseketeer on Disney 's "  The Mickey Mouse Club , " though we assure you it was in an age-appropriate way . So if his rocking bod and humble nature -- he told CNN that women are disappointed when they realize he 's not Ryan Reynolds -- are n't enough to draw crowds , what is ? Do n't ask Clooney , Gosling 's "  March " co-star and director . The Los Angeles Times explored the likeness between the two leading men in September . Despite being adored by fans and critics , Clooney and his films do n't always garner commercial success either , as the article pointed out . Remember "  Leatherheads , " "  The Men Who Stare at Goats " and "  The American " ? Each of those Clooney-starrers reportedly grossed between $ 31million and $ 35 million domestically , which is considered low these days for an A-lister . But like his "  March " co-star , as Gosling sets hearts afire while his movies fail to do the same , the media only becomes more infatuated with the 30-year-old actor . First there was that amateur video of Gosling breaking up a New York street fight that surfaced in August . Then those heartwarming photos of the actor carrying his tired pooch around hit the Web . And what about that time he told UK paper The Times , via the New York Daily News , "  I 'll make movies until I make babies . " Are you swooning yet ? "  He is willing to show real vulnerability and ugliness , " movie buff Leslie Henstock told MSNBC 's Today.com . "  There are moments in ` The Notebook ' when he is absolutely tragic , begging , weak . He has a journey . " It 's safe to say Gosling has perfected the sexy , yet vulnerable persona . So much so that you 'd be hard-pressed to find someone who did n't fall just a little bit in love with him after seeing "  Crazy , Stupid , Love . " Speaking of that July release , with help from Steve Carell and Emma Stone , that flick brought in about $ 82 million domestically , making it Gosling 's highest-grossing film by more than $ 40 million since "  The Notebook . " Frankly , "  Crazy , Stupid , Love " -- Gosling 's first mainstream film since the 2007 dud "  Fracture " -- featured the actor 's six-pack so prominently , it 's a wonder it did n't break box-office records . Meanwhile , with a 93 out of 100 rating on Rotten Tomatoes , "  Drive " was expected to find major box-office success upon its September release . However , the movie , which Gosling said was crafted to resemble a violent "  Pretty in Pink , " has raked in $ 21 million domestically so far . It cost about $ 15 million to make . And December 's "  Blue Valentine , " co-starring Michelle Williams , brought in $ 9.7 million domestically after costing about $ 5 million to produce . So will the numbers continue to catch up with the hype surrounding the release of "  The Ides of March " this weekend ? At this point it may not even matter because Gosling will continue to heat things up .	Ryan Gosling started out as a Mouseketeer on Disney 's "  The Mickey Mouse Club " Gosling currently stars alongside George Clooney in "  The Ides of March " "  Crazy , Stupid , Love " has become his highest-grossing film since 2004 's "  The Notebook "
CNN  -- The business of saving lives can happen in the most unassuming of places : In the corner of a nondescript , dingy building in an unnamed West Coast city , in a small office that can barely fit four desks . Here , trained counselors take the calls of young people in crisis and those who worry about them . It 's the kind of place where the mere act of talking can eclipse the tragic , where people work to keep headlines -- like the story of Rutgers student Tyler Clementi -- from ever happening . Welcome to one of the two national call centers for The Trevor Lifeline , America 's only 24/7 crisis and suicide prevention hot line for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and questioning youths . The lifeline is a cornerstone of The Trevor Project , a broader nonprofit dedicated to promoting acceptance of LGBTQ youths and to preventing suicides . Between this center and another on the East Coast -- at least one is open at all times -- about 30,000 calls are fielded each year . They come from young people struggling with who they are and those who feel desperately alone . They are from kids who 've been kicked out of their homes and those whose friends have rejected them . They are from students being tormented by text messages and , at times , those who are poised with a bottle of pills or a gun . Anti-bullying resources for parents and teachers And they are from mothers like Angela Wedel , who dialed the lifeline when her love for her son just was n't enough . Garrett Wedel , 16 , was only 12 when he came out . He says he was too young to even imagine that parents might turn their backs on a child . Fortunately , his did n't . Even with his family 's acceptance , he kept to himself the stories about bullying . A couple of times , though , he could n't hide the depths of his pain . He 'd broken down and talked about ending his life , but in those cases , he could be soothed , and that seemed enough . Opinion : Being bullied is hell , but life gets better One time , though , was different . The family was on a ski trip during Garrett 's freshman year in high school . He 'd confessed by text his feelings for a close friend and had told the boy he liked him . The return call that he got , the one in which that boy told Garrett he could not be trusted and they could not be friends anymore , made him crumble . Angela did n't know what had happened , but she saw him race to his bedroom , and she followed . "  He was basically on the bed in the fetal position just crying and saying how much he hated life , did n't want to live , did n't want to go back to school , " she says , remembering that evening two and a half years ago and peering at her son beside her . "  He was just crying so hard ... and I could only comfort him so much . I held him . And that 's when I remembered that a friend had given me the number for The Trevor Project . " She 'd stored that number in her phone , just in case she ever needed it . Now she dialed . "  At that point I was out of resources , " she says . "  I was in a panic . I was frantic ... I could n't just keep saying ' I love you , I support you ' and move on . " The Trevor Project does n't publicize where the two call centers are to protect their 160 volunteer counselors , all of whom receive at least 40 to 50 hours of training before they take on shifts . Nor does it allow for outsiders to listen in on calls . But even a short glimpse into the West Coast call center helps one imagine what happened next . Wearing a headset , prepared with questions to assess risk , a counselor answered . "  A calming voice was on the other end , " Angela remembers . "  I talked to the gentleman on the phone , and he asked to speak to Garrett . " Her son spoke to the counselor for close to an hour . All the while , she was by his side , her arms wrapped around him , doing all she could . "  When I first heard the voice , I was just very relieved , " Garrett says , before adding what he remembers being told . " ` Calm down , Garrett . Everything 's going to be OK . Please do n't do anything . Ca n't we just talk for a little more ? ' And I think that really helped me ... it really calmed me down . " In a corner of the small call center office sits a short bookshelf crammed with titles including "  Out in All Directions : Almanac of Gay and Lesbian America , " "  The Meaning of Matthew : My Son 's Murder in Laramie , and a World Transformed " and "  Free to Be ... You and Me . " Posted on bulletin boards are talking points , lists of resources , contact numbers to use in case of emergency . The lifeline has a psychiatrist on call at all times . After Garrett finished speaking to the counselor , who encouraged him to call anytime , he handed the phone back to Angela . The counselor then gave her resources , names and numbers , she says , and "  he kind of gave me the strength and path to go down to get the help we needed . " He also gave her the reassurance that her son was not in the imminent danger she feared . "  We were still able to reach him and get through to him and talk to him , " she says . "  I knew he needed help , but I did n't know how to give it to him . And that 's where The Trevor Project was able to help me . " Teen 's coming out triggers bullying In the time since that call , Garrett says he 's become more able to reach out to others . He wo n't hesitate to speak with the counselors at school , and he 's found friends he trusts . This does n't mean , though , that the comments he hears in school or the looks he catches do n't affect him anymore . "  They still sting the same way , " he says . "  But I developed a support system . " And in those tough moments when those around him are n't available , or if he needs a different ear , he knows where to turn . Programmed in his phone is a number he can always call . To reach the Trevor Lifeline , call 866-4-U-TREVOR .	A friend 's rejection made Garrett Wedel crumble and left him saying he did n't want to live His mother remembered she had a number for The Trevor Project in her phone and dialed for help A counselor "  really calmed me down , " says Garrett , who holds onto the number years later The Trevor Project takes the calls of LGBTQ youth in crisis and those who care about them
CNN  -- So , when can we expect our refund checks ? Because two can play this game . On the one side of the federal government shutdown are the people whose job it is to run that government : the Congress and the White House . Democrats , Republicans , conservatives , liberals -- no one forced any of them to take those jobs . They wanted them . Then ran for them . They got them . On the other side -- at least in a rational world , which this is n't -- is us . The taxpayers . Congress still gets paid -- it 's in the Constitution We pay federal income tax with one solitary and bedrock expectation : We are handing our money over so that the federal government will run . Some people may not like how the government operates ; some may not care for a particular president or a particular member of Congress or a particular government program . We accept that , as we pay our taxes . We pay those taxes because we have to . We know that we do n't get to withhold those taxes just because we may dislike some of the people or programs the taxes are funding . But when we are told that the government has been shut down -- that it has been closed for business -- that 's different . We paid for that service . We had no choice . Americans hurt as DC ` squabbles like kids ' If we had paid for an airline ticket , and in the middle of our trip the airline informed us that one leg of our journey had been canceled , we would justifiably demand a refund . If we ordered an annual subscription to 52 weeks of a magazine , and then , a few months into it , the magazine told us that its new policy was to publish only 26 issues a year , we would , with good reason , ask for half of our money back . If we paid for a one-year membership in a health club , and the club announced that it would have to close for repairs for three months , we would expect a 25 % refund . So ... exactly when can we expect to see our refund checks from the federal government ? We have paid for it to operate . And -- with the exception of what , for now , are being deemed certain essential functions -- it is not operating . Opinion : Shutdown could be shock therapy The people we have paid to operate it can blame each other all they want for what has happened . They can point fingers and say that it 's all the other guys ' fault . But whoever ultimately shoulders the blame , the fact is that the people who hired them -- the American taxpayers -- are not getting what they paid for . So the refunds , for the portions of government operations that have been shuttered , are owed . Or at least they should be owed , in any other kind of sane business . The longer the shutdown continues , the larger the refunds should logically become . As if logic has had anything to do with any of these developments . Congress and the White House might hear this request and say : That 's preposterous . The government is hurting for funds -- it needs the money . Well , many of the people who pay for the government to run are hurting for funds , too . They need the money , too . The government , no matter what anyone thinks of its various policies , no matter where anyone positions himself or herself along the political and ideological continuum , is expected to do one thing : Open its doors each morning . When it does n't , the people who paid for it to do just that have a right to propose that they are owed -- for services not rendered -- their money back . With interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	It 's taxpayers who finance government operations , writes Bob Greene Now that much of government is shutdown , we deserve a refund , he says Consumers would demand refund from other providers who did n't provide services , he says Greene : Government is expected to open its doors ; if not , give us our taxes back
CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy stormed to a seven-under round of 63 in the opening round of the Honda Classic at Florida 's PGA National on Thursday . The world No. 8 , who dramatically pulled out of the tournament following a disastrous start to his second round 12 months ago , produced a bogey-free round to finish one shot clear of America 's Russell Henley . McIlroy , who is looking to repeat his 2012 success at Palm Beach Gardens , came home in just 30 strokes aided by back-to-back birdies at the closing two holes . South Africa 's Rory Sabbatini , William McGirt from the U.S. and Wales ' Jamie Donaldson are tied for third place after each shot opening rounds of 65 . Read more : Latest leaderboard Australia 's Adam Scott , who will start the defence of his Masters title at Augusta National in just six weeks , got off to a steady start -- a two-under par 68 leaves the world No. 2 in a tie for 21st place . But it was another dissatisfying day at the office for Tiger Woods who remains mired , by his high standards , in mediocrity after struggling to an opening round one-over par 71 . The world No. 1 , who crashed out of the Farmers Insurance Open with a 79 in January , birdied the last hole to end on a positive note after struggling to find his form on the greens . "  I hit it good enough to shoot at least three or four lower than I did , " Woods said . "  I had so many looks that I just missed . I hit good putts but I did n't figure out the greens as well as I needed to . I need to read them a little better than I did . " World No. 3 , Henrik Stenson also struggled to get going on Thursday and finished with a three-over par 73 . Elsewhere , Phil Mickelson and Graeme McDowell both opened with even-par rounds of 70 and are currently tied for 57th . Further up the leaderboard , Zimbabwe 's Brendon de Jonge is tied with America 's Derek Ernst , Tommy Gainey , Brice Garnett and Matt Every for sixth on four-under par . England 's Luke Donald and former Masters champion Zach Johnson are part of 10-way tie for 11th place after opening rounds of 67 .	Rory McIlroy shoots seven-under 63 in opening round of Honda Classic World No. 8 banishes memory of miserable , premature exit 12 months ago Tiger Woods struggles to one-over par round of 71 World No. 2 Adam Scott in mix after opening with two-under 68
CNN  -- This bizarre-looking concoction of glass , liquid and tubes could one day bring a whole new meaning to the idea of natural lighting . The new "  bio-light " concept designed by Dutch electronics company Philips creates light in the same way that bioluminescent living organisms like fireflies and glow worms do . The phenomenon of bioluminescence is created by a chemical reaction where an enzyme called luciferase interacts with a light-emitting molecule called luciferin . In the bio-light a collection of hand-blown jars -- held in place by a steel frame -- contain a measure of bioluminescent bacteria which glow green when fed methane gas -- in this case through individual silicon tubes routed through a household waste digester . Harnessing these biological techniques could help redefine how we consume energy in the home , says Philips . "  Designers have an obligation to explore solutions which are by nature less energy-consuming and non-polluting , " says Clive van Heerden , senior director of design-led innovation at Philips Design . "  We need to push ourselves to rethink domestic appliances entirely , how homes consume energy and how entire communities can pool their resources , " van Heerden said in a statement . Jim Haseloff , a plant biologist from the UK 's University of Cambridge says the bio-light is a very provocative idea . "  It 's appealing because it brings two things together which you would n't normally associate , " Haseloff said . "  I do n't think you want to imagine that everyone 's going to start putting bacterial cultures into their own home for lighting but as a way of exploring the idea it 's quite interesting , " he added . It part of a wider swing to sustainable technologies , Haseloff says , but he does n't see bioluminescent lights competing with LED and other low-energy lights in the future . "  When you move out of the normal  lighting  area -- illuminated walkways and things like that -- where things could essentially be growing and delivering light for free , that 's where you 're going to have applications . " Philips envisages similar applications , perhaps using glowing plants to illuminate road verges or as warning strips on flights of stairs . It also says these same bioluminescence techniques could be used as a diagnostic indicator of pollution levels or even as a biosensor for monitoring diseases like diabetes . Philips says the bio-light would be more suited to providing mood lighting than "  functional illumination . " It forms part of a wider Philips Design 's Microbial Home project which imagines an "  integrated cyclical ecosystem " in the home where traditional waste is recycled to address sustainability issues .	Bio-light concept looks at new biological ways of creating light Bioluminescent bacteria exposed to methane gas glow green Dutch electronics company Philips exploring idea of domestic cyclical ecosystem
It is the trial of the century for Egypt . Egyptians crowded around televisions , struggling to glimpse former President Honsi Mubarak in a white prisoner 's uniform when the court session began on August 3 , 2011 . Despite being the fasting holy month of Ramadan , hundreds of people braved the scorching heat and inevitable thirst to bare witness to these historic proceedings on a large monitor erected by the government outside the courthouse . The world 's media was also in attendance trying to scavenge any scrap of information about the man who ruled Egypt for more than 30 years . The police rolled Mubarak into the courtroom on a hospital gurney and despite his sons ' best efforts to shield their father , the image of a tired , sickly old man shot around the world . This was the first time we had seen the former president since handing over power on February 10 , 2011 . The trial would last almost a year during which rumors constantly swirled about Mubarak 's health . Fueled by his lawyer , Mubarak always seemed to be on his deathbed . Numerous media reports also emerged of his death only later to be proven false . They got so bad that it became an Egyptian joke : "  Mubarak 's doctor visited him in the hospital and told him , ` you have to stop dying , it is n't good for your health . ' " During the year of his trial , Egypt would witness the dramatic rise of the Muslim Brotherhood , which would come to dominate the political scene . The organization , once heavily repressed by Mubarak , would sweep parliamentary elections garnering almost 50 % of the seats . The trial 's proceeding concluded almost a month before President Elect Mohamed Morsy , from the Muslim Brotherhood , would be sworn into office . The verdict on June 2 , 2012 reflected the times . Once again the world stopped to watch what would be the fate of the first Arab leader to stand trial since the beginning of the Arab Spring . The judge found Mubarak and co-defendants guilty on charges of failing to stop the killings of protesters . They were given life in prison , which in Egypt is 25 years . An 84-year-old Mubarak would n't see the outside of a prison again . The defendants appealed and the retrial began in January 2013 . It would take more than 50 sessions to arrive at a verdict but this time Mubarak 's trial would be overshadowed by growing turmoil in the country . Egypt 's Supreme Constitutional Court dissolved the first democratically elected parliament after declaring it unconstitutional . The Egyptian military ousted Morsy on July 3 , 2013 following another popular uprising . Security forces began arresting the Muslim Brotherhood 's leadership and thousands of their followers . The following August , security forces would clear Morsy supporters from two squares in Egypt resulting in more than 1,000 people killed . Morsy now stands trial over the death of protesters as well as an array of other charges . From the chaos emerged Abdel Fatah al-Sisi . He served as the head of military intelligence under Mubarak and was promoted by Morsy to be minister of defense . He oversaw the overthrow of Morsy and handover of power to Adly Mansour , although many believed al-Sisi remained the power behind the throne . In May of this year , Egyptians elected him president and thus the fourth recent leader of Egypt . Today 's verdict reflects the times . Fewer people were outside the courthouse for the trial . Small bands of protesters took to the streets . Most Egyptians vented their anger online . Talking to Mubarak supporters and protesters on both sides , they did agree on one thing . They told me the revolution is dead . But the drama is n't over yet ; the prosecution has one last appeal available .	Mubarak was convicted in 2012 for the deaths of protesters , but was given a new trial The former president ruled Egypt for almost 30 years before resigning amid protests On Saturday , former president cleared of causing deaths of protesters Mubarak supporters and protesters on both sides say : the revolution is dead
CNN  -- When James Cameron 's box office smasher "  Avatar " first hit theaters in 2009 , fans could n't stop raving about the special effects used to bring Pandora , the beautiful home of the blue-skinned Na ` vi , to the big screen . Disney , which has stepped up to give visitors a real-life version of Pandora , just announced that Avatar land -- yet to receive an official name -- will open in 2017 at Walt Disney World Resort 's Animal Kingdom . Chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Tom Staggs unveiled the first images of the park during the D23 Expo at Tokyo Disney Resort over the weekend . "  As these concept renderings show in epic scale , in the world of Avatar guests will encounter awe-inspiring floating mountains and wander through a nighttime jungle of bioluminescent plants that are alive with light and sound , " said Staggs in a blog post . "  Guests will also discover what it feels like to soar into the sky riding a banshee . " The Avatar-themed land is being developed by Walt Disney Imagineering alongside filmmaker Cameron and Lightstorm Entertainment . Disney first announced plans for the attraction back in September 2011 . "  As I walked through the park , I kept imagining Pandora coming to life all around me and found my mind racing with all the possibilities of what we will be able to create in the years ahead , " said Cameron during his site visit in October that year . "  Disney 's Animal Kingdom is truly a remarkable place and I ca n't think of a better home for our first Avatar experience . " As part of the largest expansion in the history of the Animal Kingdom park , which opened at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida in 1998 , Disney will also be adding new entertainment experiences including a night show with music , floating lanterns , water screens and swirling animal imagery , said Staggs . More Avatar movies to come "  Avatar " is the world 's highest grossing movie of all time , bringing in more than $ 2.7 billion worldwide . In July , Fox announced the studio will release three sequels . Production will begin in 2014 , with the movies due for release in 2016 , 2017 and 2018 . When the first "  Avatar " was released , many fans reportedly experienced depression because they longed to enjoy the beauty of Pandora themselves . Should a similar phenomenon occur following the next three releases , they 'll have a place to go to sate their cravings .	Avatar-themed attraction set to open at Walt Disney World 's Animal Kingdom in 2017 Design renderings depict guests experiencing Pandora 's floating mountains and bioluminescent plants Three sequels to the "  Avatar " movie are planned for release in 2016 , 2017 and 2018
CNN  -- Comedian Jerry Lewis on Tuesday apologized for using the word "  fag " as he broadcast his annual Labor Day Telethon for Muscular Dystrophy . Jerry Lewis celebrates the Muscular Dystrophy Telethon 's record take at the end of the broadcast . "  That something like this would distract from the true purpose of the telethon pains me deeply , " Lewis said in a written statement . "  The success of the show and all the good that will come of it should n't be lost because of one unfortunate word . I accept responsibility for what I said . There are no excuses . I am sorry . " Earlier Tuesday , the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation called on Lewis to apologize . "  Jerry Lewis ' on-air use of this kind of anti-gay slur is simply unacceptable , " GLAAD President Neil G. Giuliano said in a statement posted on the group 's Web site . "  It also feeds a climate of hatred and intolerance that contributes to putting our community in harm 's way . " Watch how Jerry Lewis apologized " In the 18th hour of the telethon Monday , Lewis , with his bow-tie undone and his shirt collar open , stumbled around the set at the South Coast Hotel , Casino and Spa in Las Vegas , Nevada , marveling at the cameraman 's ability to keep up with him . "  Look how good he moves that camera , you son of a gun . Wherever I go , he goes , " said Lewis , 81 . "  Let 's see what you do with this over here , " said the comedian and actor , who became famous as Dean Martin 's slapstick partner on stage and in several films in the 1950s . Lewis then gestured toward two other cameras on the set . "  Oh , your family has come to see you . You remember Bart , your oldest son , " he said , pointing to one camera . "  Jessie , the illiterate fag , " Lewis said , pointing to the other . "  No , " he said then , as some audience members laughed . In Tuesday 's statement , Lewis said , "  I apologize to anyone who was offended . "  I obviously made a poor choice of words . Everyone who knows me understands that I hold no prejudices in this regard . In the family atmosphere of the telethon , I forget that not everyone knows me that well . " Giuliano said GLAAD was requesting a meeting with the comedian , who has done the Labor Day telethon for 42 years . "  We want to sit down with him , help him understand why these words are so hurtful , and give him an opportunity to raise public awareness about the destructive impact of these kinds of anti-gay slurs , even more so in attempted humor , " he said in his statement . The 21 1/2 - hour telethon raised a record $ 63.8 million in pledges and contributions , according to the Muscular Dystrophy Association Web site . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Lewis apologizes for using the word "  fag " during telethon Lewis was joking with cameraman in 18th hour of telethon GLAAD denounces Lewis ' use of "  fag " Annual Muscular Dystrophy Association telethon raises $ 63.7 million
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Nine Lebanese nationals abducted 17 months ago in Syria returned home Saturday after a multinational deal to secure their release , officials said . They arrived at Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport on a flight from Turkey , where they were sent after being freed Friday , according to Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency . Lebanese Foreign Affairs Minister Adnan Mansour and Interior Minister Marwan Charbel , together with relatives of the freed hostages , were at the airport to welcome them , the news agency reported . Their return follows the release of two Turkish Airlines pilots who were abducted in Beirut two months ago , the agency said . The pilots arrived Saturday in Istanbul , where Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan greeted them , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported . Turkish President Abdullah Gul spoke to the pilots by phone , Anadolu said . One of the pilots , Murat Akpinar , said he understood why there was no military raid to rescue them since that could have led to hundreds of deaths , Anadolu said . Still , he said he never lost faith . "  We knew that our government was behind us , and they would not leave us there , " Akpinar said , according to Anadolu . The nine Lebanese were kidnapped in May 2012 in Aleppo , Syria , as they were returning from a religious pilgrimage to Iran , their relatives said . Some in Syria accused them of being members of Hezbollah , a Shiite militant group . The pilots were going from the Beirut airport to a hotel when their bus was ambushed August 9 . They may have been targeted in retaliation for the Lebanese abductions because many Lebanese Shiites oppose the Turkish government 's support for rebels in Syria . Palestinian officials as well as the governments of Qatar and Turkey played a role in securing the swap , Lebanese officials said . Free passage for many inside Syria remains out of reach . On Saturday , the U.N. humanitarian chief called for a cease-fire in Moadamiyeh so that aid workers could evacuate thousands of civilians trapped in the conflict , which reportedly has killed more than 100,000 people since it began in March 2011 . "  The humanitarian community has stressed time and time again that people must not be denied lifesaving help and that the fighting has to stop , " Valerie Amos , under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said in statement . Aid groups have been barred from Moadamiyeh for months , she said . "  I call on all parties to agree  to  an immediate pause in hostilities in Moadamiyeh to allow humanitarian agencies unhindered access to evacuate the remaining civilians and deliver lifesaving treatment and supplies in areas where fighting and shelling is ongoing , " said Amos , who is also the U.N. emergency relief coordinator . Thousands of families also are trapped elsewhere in Syria , including in Nubil , Zahra , old Aleppo town , old Homs town and Hassakeh , she said . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut , and Tom Watkins wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf also contributed to this report .	NEW : Freed Turkish pilot says he knew his government "  would n't leave us " Two Turkish pilots were taken hostage in Lebanon two months ago Nine Lebanese were abducted in Syria in May 2012 Both sets of hostages return home
While the U.S. economy surges in 2014 , posting the biggest jobs numbers in 15 years , the Russian economy is tanking straight into a recession after a bludgeon of Western sanctions . But the economic news has n't translated to presidential approval ratings -- in either country . President Barack Obama has been facing some of his lowest job approval numbers this year while public support in Russia for President Vladimir Putin has surged over the last year to record highs . Putin 's numbers are n't just high ; they 've surged from a 61 % low in Nov. 2013 as events in Ukraine unfolded and despite sanctions hitting the country . And as opposed to Americans , a majority of Russians think their country is on the right track . A majority of Americans , 53 % according to a CNN poll released last week , disapprove of Obama while 85 % of Russians approve of Putin , according to a November poll from the highly cited Levada Center , an independent polling agency . Obama 's struggling popularity had a concrete impact in November when his party suffered a drubbing at the polls on Election Day , despite low gas prices and the lowest unemployment numbers of his presidency . Meanwhile , the Russian government admitted this week the country should brace recession because of dramatic drops in oil prices and after a spree of Western sanctions over Russia 's annexation of Crimea and its ongoing support for separatists in eastern Ukraine walloped the Russian currency and sent investors fleeing . Putin has remained defiant in the face of Western sanctions and political pressure to stand down in Ukraine . And that defiance is earning him political points at home despite the impact on the Russian economy . On Thursday Putin delivered a rallying state of the nation address in which he accused the West of replicating the Cold War containment strategy -- asserting that Western nations would have found a way to impose sanctions on Russia even without the crisis roiling in Ukraine -- and he called on Russians at home and abroad to come together . Speaking to top business leaders Wednesday , Obama appeared keenly aware of Putin 's success in stirring nationalist sentiment to beat back the force international sanctions . "  If you ask me if I am optimistic that Putin suddenly changes his mindset , I do n't think that will happen until the politics inside of Russia catch up to what 's happening with the economy in Russia , which is part of the reason why we 're going to maintain that pressure , " Obama said , according to the International Business Times . But the political landscape Obama and Putin face could n't be more different . Russian state media pumps out high levels of propaganda straight from the Kremlin , dissenting voices are censured and political dissenters are jailed . Ben Judah , author of "  Fragile Empire : How Russia Fell In And Out Of Love With Vladimir Putin , " said those factors make it more difficult to gauge Russian public opinion . "  The very idea that people know about an alternative to Putin the way Americans know about an alternative to Obama like the Republicans is just laughable , " Judah said . Judah acknowledged that there was an "  outburst of nationalist hysteria " after Russia annexed Crimea , but said he believes Western sanctions are driving down public opinion of the Russian leader as the economy takes a hit . Henry Hale , an international affairs professor at The George Washington University specializing in Russian politics , said on the whole , the polls reflect the reality on the ground of popular support for Putin . "  I do n't think Russians are really hiding their feelings , " Hale said , adding that the polls indicate support for Putin , but not necessarily the depth of that support . Media propaganda plays a key role in bolstering Putin 's popularity , Hale said , especially in the portrayal of Ukraine 's popular revolt as a fascist takeover and in portraying the annexation of Crimea as , essentially , a rescue mission . While Russians have "  rallied around the leader " in the face of Western sanctions , over time the economic impact of those sanctions could ultimately backfire on Putin . "  Over time people are going to say , ` Yeah ok we 're happy with Russia being larger and its newfound role on the political stage . We 're glad we have a leader standing up for us , but we also want a better economy , " Hale said . So while the media does boost Putin 's public image through ha "  barrage of positive images of him , " economic realities will in the long term hit Putin , adding that Putin 's strategy of blaming the West for hits to the economy is limited . "  After a while that starts to wear off , " Hale said . But that could take years , he said .	The U.S. economy is roaring and the Russian economy is sagging President Obama is in an approval slump , but Vladimir Putin is seeing a popular surge
MNN  -- Consider it an occupational hazard . Work at a veterinary clinic long enough , and eventually you will wind up falling for a patient . In the case of veterinary technician Christina Simpson , she fell for a patient that had been left behind at her roommate 's veterinary clinic . Oreo 's owner surrendered the dog because the animal could no longer use her hind legs . After hearing about Oreo , Simpson offered to try laser therapy . The procedure promotes healing at the cellular level by increasing blood flow and decreasing inflammation in the injured area , and had been used successfully by Simpson 's colleagues at Eagle 's Landing Veterinary Hospital in Georgia . Simpson was so sure laser therapy would work that she took responsibility for the perky pooch , renaming her Hope . "  I wanted to try to get her walking again with the laser , " she says . "  I was hopeful I could do that and adopt her out , but once it became clear she was n't going to walk again , it became difficult . " By that point , she had fallen for Hope . But with a roommate and a house full of pets , Simpson had no room for another addition . The vet tech decided the next best thing to taking Hope home was to move to Plan B : Build a wheelchair so the dog could get around and -- hopefully -- find a forever home . MNN : More amazing advances in veterinary medicine How do you build a wheelchair for a dog ? For Simpson , it was time to surf the Web and reach out to her friends . Firefighter Clay Gaddy , whose wife works with Simpson , downloaded instructions to transform 1-inch PVC pipe , foam insulation and a pair of lawn mower wheels into Hope 's new ride . Eagle 's Landing Veterinary Hospital paid for the supplies and , a few hours later , Gaddy was fitting the dog for her new wheelchair . The first ride was a bit bumpy and required some adjustments , but soon Hope was off in pursuit of a stuffed toy . Fortunately for Hope and other dogs with disabilities , there is no shortage of information to help people care for animals with special needs . On HandicappedPets.com , pet owners offer advice , purchase gear and share words of encouragement . Customers regularly submit video footage of their dogs thriving , and the site 's Facebook fan page has more than 48,000 members . It was created in 2000 by Mark Robinson , who had sold pet supplies and wheelchairs for years . "  People who were caring for disabled animals were feeling very alone and neglected , " says Robinson . "  Friends and neighbors would say , ` Aww , put the poor thing to sleep , ' but these people knew their dog was alive , awake , happy -- they just could n't walk . They had nowhere to go for support . " MNN : Dogs get decked out for ` Howl-o-ween ' Community feedback led Robinson to invent the Walkin Wheels adjustable wheelchair , which is available in 22 countries , including Australia , France and -- coming soon -- Iran . A mini version accommodates dogs that weigh less than 20 pounds and ranges from $ 249 to $ 325 , while the standard version works for dogs up to 180 pounds . Prices range from $ 399 to $ 529 . Upon hearing Hope 's story , HandicappedPets.com offered Simpson a travel-friendly Walkin Wheels to keep Hope moving in the right direction . Now , all Hope needs is a forever home . Eagle 's Landing has agreed to board her until Simpson finds the right family , one that can handle the challenges of a pet with special needs . In the meantime , Hope is adjusting to her new wheels . "  It 's hard to keep up with -LSB- Hope -RSB- when she makes up her mind , " Simpson says . "  Her front end is all muscle so she 's a great candidate for a wheelchair . " If you are interested in providing a forever home for Hope , please email info@soulpup.com .  Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Owners of disabled animals can feel very alone : Online communities provide feedback and hope Veterinary technician Christina Simpson build a dog wheelchair from PVC and lawnmower parts Plans for dog wheelchairs are available on the internet
San Francisco  CNN  -- Steve Jobs has consistently managed to capture the world 's attention with his stage events . On Wednesday evening , the world took to the Web to express their condolences about the news of his death . Facebook news feeds filled with links and anecdotes about the impact that technology -- and more specifically , Apple 's technology -- had on users ' lives . Messages on Twitter and the site 's list of trending topics quickly became dominated by phrases such as "  RIP Steve Jobs , " " #ThankYouSteve " and "  iHeaven . " The flood of messages slowed Twitter to a crawl at times or produced error messages saying the site was over capacity . On those sites , many people posted and quoted from Jobs ' heartfelt commencement address to Stanford University in 2005 , in which he first provided details about his health problems . Many pointed out how promotions for Apple 's products on the company 's website were replaced with a black-and-white photo of Jobs . Clicking that image , which Apple titled "  hero , " leads to a page with a company statement and an e-mail address for sending condolences . CNN 's iReport is also collecting reactions . Dave Pell , a software developer and technology investor , referenced Jobs ' signature stage pitch , saying , "  And one more thing ... Thanks . " Celebrities , corporate executive and politicians , including U.S. President Barack Obama , also voiced their opinions on their social networking profiles and on blogs . "  Steve 's impact is immeasurable , " Jay Adelson , a co-founder of Internet infrastructure giant Equinix , wrote on Twitter . "  It 's not enough to remember him . We need to live his dreams . " The many websites devoted to Apple rumors and products placed large banners in memory of the company 's co-founder . The alternative-culture blog Boing Boing revamped its design in honor of Jobs to resemble retro Macintosh software . Wired painted its front page black , with a shadowed picture of Steve Jobs in the center . Google 's co-founders posted statements about Jobs ' importance to them personally and to the industry , and underneath the search box on Google.com , the company added : "  Steve Jobs , 1955 - 2011 . " Research in Motion , from its BlackBerry Twitter account , called Jobs "  a great visionary and respected competitor . " Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called Jobs "  a mentor and a friend . " Twitter , as it struggled under the weight of the discussions about Jobs , provided a rare peek behind the walls of Apple 's headquarters . Joe Hewitt , a former Apple developer , tweeted that he spent time with Jobs once for one of his famous product demos . Hewitt said he braced for rudeness , as Jobs has been criticized for , but he described Jobs as kind and energetic . "  His legacy was n't any specific product , " Apple 's Blake Seely wrote on his Twitter page . "  It 's Apple . That 's a lot of pressure . We have to rise to it and make all his work worth it . " Apple flew the flags at its Cupertino , California , office at half-staff , and people began to arrive on the campus with flowers , reports said . Several employees posted Twitter messages containing only the Apple logo . "  The air has been sucked from my office at 1 Infinite Loop , " Erik Lammerding , an Apple manager , wrote on his Twitter page . Twitter 's offices in San Francisco were not immune , either . "  So much talk on Twitter of Steve Jobs , but Twitter HQ has been eerily quiet the past few hours save the clicking of keyboards he tailored , " tweeted Mark Trammel , a Twitter designer . Dick Costolo , the company 's CEO who attended Apple 's news conference on Tuesday , tweeted that Jobs created a new standard of excellence . Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey wrote simply : "  Thank you , Steve . "	Facebook , Twitter , other sites flooded with tributes Chatter on social networks provided a rare glimpse behind Apple 's walls Jobs ' 2005 commencement speech to Stanford was a popular video Google added "  Steve Jobs , 1955 - 2011 " to its search page
CNN  -- European and American leaders weighed the pros and cons of arming Libya 's rebels Wednesday -- a possibility made more urgent by a series of new military setbacks for forces seeking to topple strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Government forces have been pushing from Bin Jawad to Ras Lanuf , a critical eastern oil town that the opposition seized on Sunday . Gadhafi 's military has also launched escalated strikes in the western town of Misrata . The new offensive was launched in the wake of an international arms embargo and air strike campaign designed to establish a no-fly zone and provide humanitarian relief for civilians threatened by the Libyan military . British Prime Minister David Cameron told the House of Commons Wednesday that the United Nations Security Council mandate "  allows all necessary measures to protect civilians and populated areas  and  this would not necessarily rule out provision of assistance to those protecting civilians in certain circumstances . " "  As I 've said before , we do not rule it out but we have not taken the decision to do so , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday he is also open to the possibility of arming rebel fighters . "  I 'm not ruling it out , but I 'm also not ruling it in , " he told NBC . In a separate interview with ABC , Obama said that "  if we wanted to get weapons into Libya , we probably could . ... We 're looking at all our options at this point . " One significant problem , however , is the need to train opposition forces on how to use advanced weaponry . "  The notion of the gang that could n't shoot straight might be lived out , " retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks told CNN Tuesday night . "  There must be some degree of training associated with arming this force , " said Marks , a former commanding general of the U.S. Army Intelligence Center . "  However , some weapons systems , clearly they can get a handle on and they can use immediately . It 's the more lethal weapon systems that would require training , and I do n't think there 's time to do that . " Another problem : a possible al Qaeda and Hezbollah presence within Libya 's rebel movement . U.S. intelligence has detected evidence of "  flickers " of al Qaeda and Hezbollah elements among the rebels , according to Adm. James Stavridis , the U.S. NATO commander . Stavridis stressed Tuesday , however , that such a presence appears to be minimal . "  The intelligence that I 'm receiving at this point makes me feel that the leadership that I 'm seeing are responsible men and women who are struggling against Col. Gadhafi , " Stavridis told a congressional committee . Stavridis 's comments come the same day that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with leaders of Libya 's opposition in London . A senior counterterrorism official , unnamed because he is not authorized to speak on the record , backed up Stavridis ' assessment , downplaying the concern about al Qaeda among the Libyan opposition . There is probably "  a sprinkling of extremists to perhaps include al Qaeda " in Libya among the rebels , "  but no one should think the opposition is being led by al Qaeda or one of its affiliates , " the official said . Al Qaeda has had a presence in North Africa for years . "  It 's hard to tell who all the leaders are in the opposition , " the official said , but "  the rebels do not appear to be adopting an al Qaeda bent or ideology in Libya . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that the rebel leaders meeting with Clinton "  made clear what their principles are . " "  We believe that  their principles are  meritorious , " Carney said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Amir Ahmed , Paula Newton and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	British and American leaders are openly considering arming the Libyan rebels The rebels have suffered military setbacks this week The rebels would likely need training to use advanced weaponry An al Qaeda and Hezbollah presence among the rebels is a concern
Two of the off-season 's longest-running transfer sagas were finally concluded when French international Samir Nasri signed for Manchester City , while winger Juan Mata agreed to leave Valencia for Chelsea . Nasri -- who signed for Arsenal in 2008 from Olympique Marseille -- signed a four-year deal , making him City 's fourth big-money capture of the current transfer window following the arrivals of Gael Clichy , Sergio Aguero and Stefan Savic . "  I think he is a fantastic player because he has technique -LSB- and a good -RSB- mentality , " Manchester City coach Roberto Mancini told the club 's official web site . "  I know him from when he played for Marseille because I followed him when I was at Inter ... but in the last four years in the Premier League he improved a lot and now I think he 's a top player . " The move took place a few hours before an injury-hit Arsenal met Udinese in a crucial European Champions League second leg qualification match . The Gunners take a slender 1-0 lead to Italy . If Nasri had played he would have been ineligible to appear in Manchester City 's own Champions League campaign , potentially jeopardizing the move . "  It 's a big relief . It was a long , long negotiation , " Nasri said in an interview , also with the club 's official web site . "  Now I am City player which is what I wanted from the start . " "  I was a little frustrated , I told the -LSB- Arsenal -RSB- manager -LSB- Arsene Wenger -RSB- I wanted to leave ... Today is a big day for me . It is a new start . " In west London , Chelsea announced that they too had signed one of Europe 's most coveted wide players with the capture of Spanish international Juan Mata . The 23 year old -- who has already won 11 caps for the world champions -- trained with the squad and will be available for Saturday 's English Premier League match against Norwich City . "  Right from the first moment there have been good feelings all around me , " Mata told Chelsea 's official web site . "  Valencia was a big club anyway but I have left to join a bigger club and it is all about the opportunity to win trophies and I have that here . "	Manchester City has announced the signing of Samir Nasri from Arsenal It 's the fourth big-money signing to join City this transfer window Meanwhile Chelsea sign Spain winger Juan Mata from Valencia Mata likely to make EPL debut against Norwich City Saturday
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has ordered two reviews of whether the military justice system is properly dispensing punishments and suitably protecting sexual assault victims , the Pentagon said Tuesday . The reviews were prompted by outrage from members of Congress over a case involving an Air Force officer found guilty last year in military court of sexual assault who was later cleared of the charges by his top commander . The judge presiding over the court-martial at Ramstein Air Base in Germany of Lt. Col. James Wilkerson sentenced him to a year in prison and kicked him out of the service . Air Force Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin , Wilkerson 's top commander in Europe , was the convening authority for the court-martial and reviewed the final case and sentence . Franklin overturned the decision , throwing out the charges and clearing Wilkerson 's military record . He was reinstated in the Air Force earlier this year . Hagel said Franklin reviewed the case over a three-week period and used his authority under Article 60 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . "  He concluded that the entire body of evidence was insufficient to meet the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt , " Hagel said in a letter to Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat who has been an outspoken critic of Franklin 's decision . "  I believe this case does raise a significant question whether it is necessary or appropriate to place the convening authority in the position of having the responsibility to review the findings and sentence of a court-martial , " Hagel added . Pentagon officials told CNN last week that is rare for charges to be dismissed in this manner . U.S. law says the commander 's decision is final and can not be overturned by the service secretary or the secretary of defense , Hagel told Boxer . But Hagel said that he would review the legal authorization and ordered Air Force Secretary Michael Donley and Pentagon Acting General Counsel Robert Taylor to review the case . Hagel asked that the review "  assess whether all aspects of the  code of military justice  were correctly applied and to make recommendations on how the convening authority 's decision in this case could be more transparent , " Pentagon spokesman George Little told reporters at a briefing . Little said the report to Hagel is due March 20 . In a second and broader review , Hagel ordered Taylor to examine military law covering the actions of the convening authority and to see whether changes should be made . That assessment is due a week later . "  Eliminating sexual assault in the military is one of his top priorities , " Little said about Hagel 's commitment to members of Congress and military leaders . "  Sexual assault is a serious crime that has no place in the department and he will not tolerate it , " Little added . "  Any member of the military that is convicted of sexual assault -- no matter his rank or position -- must be held appropriately accountable . " Separately , a bipartisan proposal in the U.S House would strip military commanders of the unilateral power to overturn convictions or lessen sentences handed down by judges and juries at courts-martial . "  It is time to right an egregious wrong in our military justice system . The fact that one person can overturn a punishment determined by a judge or jury flies in the face of justice . We need a military justice system for the 21st century . The one we have now is primitive and is reminiscent of a time when punishments were decided by an autocrat , not by a judge or jury , " said Rep. Jackie Speier , a California Democrat . Amanpour : Risking sexual assault to serve your country Security Clearance : Sex assault at military academies underreported , survey finds	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel seeks examination of military justice in two areas Hagel wants to know if punishments properly dispensed and if victims protected Review prompted by congressional outrage over Air Force sex assault case Officer found guilty at court-martial , but case overturned by senior commander
CNN  -- Few things are ever certain in the murky world of post-Soviet politics , but the balance of evidence as it stands points overwhelmingly towards pro-Russian separatists as the perpetrators of Thursday 's missile attack that caused the death of 298 people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . If this becomes the settled conclusion of the governments around the world once all the facts are known , the consequences for Vladimir Putin are likely to be severe . Throughout his time as Russian leader , Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community ; playing governments off against each other and sensing when the reluctance of certain countries to act would provide him with greater freedom of maneuver . So far he has just about managed to get away with annexing Crimea and destabilizing eastern Ukraine . Germany , unwilling to disrupt economic ties , has played a crucial role in limiting the scope of Western sanctions and Putin has been able to draw on reserves of good will in the developing world to overcome the threat of full international isolation . MH17 puts all of that in jeopardy . The thing that will worry Putin most is that so many of the victims were from the European Union , including more than half from the Netherlands alone . The Dutch are relentless at using EU channels to challenge those deemed to have harmed their interests -- just ask the Serbs . The start of Serbia 's EU accession negotiations was single-handedly blocked by the Dutch until Belgrade finally handed over General Ratko Mladic to the Hague war crimes tribunal in 2011 . Mladic was held responsible for humiliating Dutch peacekeepers during the Srebrenica massacre sixteen years earlier . Jet downing a ` game-changer ' in world relations with Russia With 193 of its own citizens among the dead , we can expect the Netherlands to demand European solidarity in the form of a much tougher response to the crisis . This will make it increasingly difficult for Germany to hold the line against the extension of sanctions . The overwhelming view among EU leaders will be that the fighting in eastern Ukraine must now be brought to a definitive end and that Russia bears primary responsibility for the fact that it has continued so long . This narrows dramatically the gap between European and American perspectives on the situation and creates the potential for a much more united Western policy towards Russia . A second troubling factor for Putin is that the Ukraine crisis has now touched the developing world in a serious way for the first time . Until yesterday it had been seen as a struggle between Russia and the West , with latent suspicion of the West among many emerging nations creating sympathy for Russian actions , if not actual approval . A major objective of Putin 's post-Crimea diplomacy has been to capitalize on that sympathy in order to increase his options and reduce Russia 's reliance on the West . He hastily concluded a gas deal with China and made a big play of his involvement in the recent BRICS summit . The death of so many Malaysian and Indonesians on MH17 leaves him with a lot of explaining to do . Sensing that he was losing the military initiative to a newly emboldened Ukrainian government , Putin had spent much of the last week preparing the way for a major escalation of Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine . Russian forces had become much more directly involved in the fighting and allegations that Ukrainian forces had fired missiles across the Russian border were intended to create a pretext for intervention . Because of this disaster he now finds himself on the back foot once again . Instead of being able to claim that he has been dragged reluctantly into the fighting , he now looks like the aggressor . America 's Ambassador to the UN , Samantha Power , could not have been clearer in apportioning blame in her speech at the Security Council Friday : "  Russia can end this war . Russia must end this war . " The result is likely to be a Western ultimatum to Russia to comply with its previous commitments to rein in the separatists and deliver them to the negotiating table . If Putin refuses , the consequences could be twofold . The first is that the Ukrainian government would be given a much freer hand to continue and complete its "  anti-terror " operations against pro-Russian forces . The second would be a further tightening of Western sanctions . If these included a shift to the long threatened "  sector sanctions " covering whole industries , the impact could be severe at a time when the Russian economy is already looking extremely vulnerable . Having maintained the tactical initiative for most of the last four months , Putin suddenly faces an uncomfortable dilemma . Failure to co-operate in de-escalating the crisis invites the risk of deeper international isolation and real economic pain . But abandoning the separatists mean a loss of political leverage over Ukraine and an even bigger loss of face at home . On a purely domestic level , Putin has done well out of the crisis so far . Popularity ratings that were collapsing two years ago are once more at near record levels . But he has achieved this by unleashing nationalist passions he does n't entirely control . Whatever course he chooses , it is unlikely that his leadership will emerge unscathed . READ MORE : Families grieve for victims READ MORE : Who should investigate crash ? READ MORE : ` We have just shot down a plane ' The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Clark .	Evidence points to pro-Russian separatists as perpetrators of the attack that downed MH17 If this becomes a settled conclusion , consequences for Russia 's Putin are significant Putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community The MH17 crash leaves him with an uncomfortable dilemma , likely to damage his leadership
Rolling Stone  -- Neil Young has announced on Facebook that his new album will be called "  Le Noise , " and that it will be released on CD , vinyl and iTunes on September 28th . In late November it will then become available on Blu-Ray , and in the form of an iPhone and iPad app . "  The app will be free , " Young wrote . "  It gives you an interactive album cover . Forgive my use of the word ` album . ' I am old school . When you buy the songs/movies from I-tunes they show up in your APP . " Young and producer Daniel Lanois recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year . "  We cut a couple of solo acoustic songs , but the rest is very electric , " Lanois told Rolling Stone last month . "  There 's no band , but I got in there with my sonics . There 's nothing else out there like it . " Young previewed many of the tracks on his recent solo theater tour . You can to see his performance of "  Hitchhiker , " at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville , here . Young first performed the autobiographical tune -- which features a list of the drugs he has ingested over the decades -- on the 1992 "  Harvest Moon " tour . Neil Young also took to the web recently to address negative fan comments on the popular Neil Young fansite Thrasher 's Wheat .  The site 's commenters have complained about Young 's ticket prices , charity work with Tyson Foods , and that he has n't played with Crazy Horse for years . "  This is the most respected site on the net for this type of activity , " Young wrote about Thrasher 's Wheat on his own web site . "  Let me take this opportunity to thank you for your interest in what I am doing , " he continued , addressing the site 's operators . "  There is always negativity with any internet endeavour . Now it has perhaps worn you down . It is alright to say goodbye ... Whether you choose to continue or just hang it up and get on with your life is up to you . " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Le Noise " will be released on CD , vinyl and iTunes on September 28th It will later become available on Blu-Ray and in the form of an iPhone and iPad app Young recorded the album in a Los Angeles mansion earlier this year
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Eight cadets and staff members were killed in Pakistan during an an eight-hour standoff Monday with gunmen who stormed a police training center in Lahore , said Gen. Athar Abbas , a military spokesman . Police fire into the air after retaking the police training center in Lahore attacked by militants . The militants had been holed up on the top floor of a three-story building , said Rehman Malik , the head of the country 's Interior Ministry . Security forces gained control of the first two floors and eventually made their way to the top , finally taking control of it and arresting the gunmen Monday afternoon . Television pictures showed security forces firing into the air from the roof of the building after the firefight . "  The operation is over . Four terrorists were killed and three arrested , " Interior Ministry Secretary Kamal Shah told Reuters . Malik and Abbas confirmed the figures . Abbas added some of the dead militants blew themselves up . The gang of seven gunmen stormed the academy in the Manawan area of the eastern Pakistani city , said Malik . Abbas had previously said 30 people were killed . He cited the error on wrong information by his sources at the scene . Watch more about the attack " At a news conference Monday night , Malik named the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , and his followers as the prime suspect in organizing the attack . Mehsud is also accused of plotting the assassination of former PM Benazir Bhutto . At least 78 people were wounded in the attack , authorities said . Lahore is the same city where gunmen opened fire March 10 on a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan national cricket team on their way to a stadium for a match . The well-coordinated attack wounded at least eight members of the team and killed a driver and six Pakistani police officers . In Monday 's incident , the attackers hurled grenades , then stormed the compound and opened fire while officers were taking part in their morning drill . About 800 officers train at the facility , but authorities could not say exactly how many were inside at the time . The attackers , some in police uniforms , took dozens of officers hostage , said Asim Rizwan , spokesman for governor of Punjab -- the province where Lahore is located . Paramilitary forces and the army descended on the scene . Every few minutes , the gunmen detonated explosives or fired on reporters and police personnel outside , sending them scurrying for cover . Angry onlookers pumped their fists in the air and cheered as police led away a suspect they had captured . He had on him a grenade and a knife , officials told CNN . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Eight cadets are killed during attack in Lahore , top military official says Leader of Pakistan 's Taliban named as prime suspect Four militants dead , three captured , authorities say Lahore was site of attack on Sri Lankan cricket team earlier in March
Moscow  CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded medals Monday to Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov and to Andrei Lugovoi , the suspect in the murder of former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko , among more than 30 other honorees . Kadyrov was given the Order of Merit . The decree signed by Putin states : "  For work achievements , active social activities and many years of diligent work the Order of Merit is awarded to Ramzan Kadyrov , the President of the Chechen Republic . " Lugovoi , the suspect in the poisoning death of former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko , was given a second-class medal of the Order of Merit for the Motherland , according to Putin 's decree . Sergey Kislyak , a diplomat who 's been serving as Russia 's ambassador to the United States since 2008 , was also among the honorees . He was cited as an "  Honored employee of a diplomatic service . " Lugovoi is an MP in Russia 's lower house of parliament for the nationalist and pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party . He is deputy chairman of the lower house 's security and anti-corruption committee . He also has hosted a show called "  Traitors " on Russian TV and runs a restaurant in Moscow . Kadyrov has spoken out about the assassination of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov , defending Zaur Dadayev , one of the Chechens charged in the shooting . "  Zaur Dadayev was a Russian Interior Ministry officer who served with distinction , " Kadyrov said on his Instagram account . Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said it was a coincidence that the arrest of suspects in Nemtsov 's killing happened around the same time as the award to the Chechen President . In an interview with Russian business outlet RBC , he stressed that the decree on awards was filed several months ago .	Russian President honors more than 30 people , including Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov Also honored : Andrei Lugovoi , charged by the UK with London murder of former Russian security agent Russian ambassador to the U.S. is cited as "  honored employee of a diplomatic service "
CNN  -- Sujit Bhattacharya knew he felt sluggish and had trouble putting on his socks and shoes . One day , when he tried on a pair of size 30 shorts , his wife pointed out that they fit only under his belly . Sujit Bhattacharya says losing weight has improved his frame of mind . He is shown in 2006 , left , and 2007 . Yet Bhattacharya , of Coppell , Texas , never paid attention to his weight problem until his doctor told him he had high cholesterol in summer 2006 . His friends also told him that he had become heavy and needed to do something about it . The feedback was upsetting , he acknowledged , but the combination of his friends ' prodding and the cholesterol numbers motivated him to start trimming down his 193-pound frame . "  I needed some tough love : things I did n't want to hear but needed to hear , " Bhattacharya said . He researched how to lose weight extensively on the Internet , including CNN.com 's health section . He learned that 3,500 calories add up to one pound of weight and tried to figure out how to eat to decrease his daily caloric intake . Instead of eating a few large meals every day , he ate six small meals , keeping track of how many calories he consumed . He had been eating more than 2,500 calories a day , perhaps 3,000 , so he cut this down to 1,500 calories a day . That meant losing a pound every two or three days . "  As long as you know how many calories you need and how many calories you eat , it 's just math , " he said . He also included more fruits and vegetables in his diet and ate fewer fatty meats . For exercise , he changed his routine from three days a week of limited cardio and heavy weights to six days a week with the same heavy weights but increased cardio . In six months , he lost 40 pounds . Since then , he 's put on about 5 pounds of "  good " or muscle weight but has otherwise sustained his new physique through diet and exercise . Today , at age 39 , he said he 's starting to look more like when he was in high school . Losing weight has improved Bhattacharya 's overall frame of mind , he said . He also noticed that he does n't get colds or the flu and fights off infections faster than before . iReport.com : Share your success stories Sometimes Bhattacharya wonders why he did n't start losing weight earlier and can say only that he felt "  fat , dumb and happy . " "  I did n't understand what I was doing was hurting me , " he said . He actively encourages friends to try his weight loss method . One friend lost 20 pounds following his advice . See more photos of weight loss success stories from iReport.com " "  What I tell friends is : You 've got to have a burning platform , something to make you start , a goal or desire , " he said . "  For me , it was the bad cholesterol test and friends . Someone else may want to fit into a bikini in the summer . " Dietitians say they would encourage others to follow Bhattacharya 's example of reducing calories and spreading them more throughout the day instead of eating big meals . If you try it , make sure you have enough energy , feel good while doing it and eat foods you enjoy so you can stick to it long-term , said Dawn Jackson Blatner , a registered dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association . In fact , Bhattacharya did twice as well as the average person in a weight loss program , Blatner said . He lost 20 percent of his body weight in six months , beating the national average of 10 percent . Tara Gidus , ADA spokeswoman and team dietitian for the NBA 's Orlando Magic , recommends that women never eat fewer than 1,200 calories and men no fewer than 1,500 calories per day . She typically does not recommend cutting out 1,000 calories at a time , "  but if someone is really motivated to lose weight and they eat snacks that are filling in between meals , then they can cut a significant number of calories , lose weight and not feel overly hungry , " she said . Blatner said she would also encourage anyone who wants a drastic diet change to consult a doctor . Bhattacharya emphasizes that anyone can shed unwanted pounds as long as he or she compares the number of calories needed to maintain weight and the number of calories he or she eats . "  I firmly believe it is not hard to lose weight , " he said .	Sujit Bhattacharya , 39 , lost 40 pounds in six months He ate 1,500 calories per day in the form of six small meals Dietitians say they would recommend his method , but check with doctor first iReport.com : Share your weight-loss success story
CNN  -- After President Obama announced his support for same-sex marriage , a group organizing a fundraiser on his behalf suddenly had to find a bigger venue . The event , featuring the pop singer Pink , is one of two LGBT-organized fundraisers Obama is expected to attend on the West Coast on Wednesday . A CNN analysis of President Obama 's biggest fundraisers , known as bundlers , shows that at least 33 -- or about one in every 16 bundlers -- is openly gay . Together , they have raised at least $ 8 million for the campaign between January and the end of March . CNN poll : Majority of Americans say they have gay friends , family members By contrast , in the same period , bundlers from the television , movie and music industry , some of whom attended a recent high-profile fundraiser hosted by actor George Clooney , raised $ 6.8 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Interactive : Celebrities back candidates for president While campaign finance laws require donors to disclose their full names , addresses , occupations and employers , there is no box to check for sexual orientation . Nor does the law require candidates to release information about their bundlers . Under prodding from watchdog groups , presidential campaigns have released bundler data in past elections . Obama 's campaign has released its list . Republican candidate Mitt Romney 's campaign has not . In CNN 's analysis , only bundlers who have disclosed their orientation in past CNN reporting or in trusted LGBT publications were counted as gay . The Washington Post has reported that as many as one in six bundlers supporting Obama are gay . The Advocate Magazine estimates one in five . Glancing down the names on the bundlers list released by the Obama campaign for the first quarter , it is easy to find people known for their work on behalf of the LGBT community . Tim Gill , a software entrepreneur who runs a large Colorado-based foundation that backs gay rights projects , has already contributed $ 672,800 with his partner Scott Miller to the Obama for America campaign . Fred Eychaner , who owns the Chicago-based Newsweb Corp. , has donated $ 1,220,550 so far . He co-hosted a $ 35,800-per-person LGBT organized fundraiser for Obama in February . Kathy Levinson , the former president and CEO of the Menlo Park , California-based Etrade , gave $ 202,150 . The LA Gay and Lesbian Center Women 's Night named Levinson a "  Community Role Model " in 2000 . She was instrumental in raising money to stop the anti-same-sex marriage law in California . Donations made after Obama announced his support for same-sex marriage May 9 wo n't be released until mid-June , when the campaign files its second-quarter reports with the Federal Election Commission . Many LGBT bundlers have maintained a close relationship with the president throughout his first term . A state dinner in March was attended by bundlers Gill ; Eychaner ; Barry Karas , a former Human Rights Campaign board member ; James  Wally  Brewster , senior vice president of General Growth Properties , a real estate investment trust that owns and operates shopping malls ; Dana Perlman , a corporate lawyer who has served as co-chair of the Obama/DNC LGBT Leadership Council ; Joseph Falk , a Miami mortgage broker and others . Support for Obama from the LGBT community was challenged after the initial excitement of his first campaign , largely because of what was perceived as his lukewarm support on same-sex marriage . Some say a low point came during the election in 2008 , when evangelist pastor Rick Warren asked Obama how he defined marriage and he called it "  a union between a man and a woman . " He added : "  For me as a Christian , it is a sacred union . God 's in the mix . " He further angered the community by picking Warren to deliver his invocation at the presidential inauguration . Actor Alan Cumming wrote in 2010 , "  We keep hearing that Obama is an ally , that DADT -LSB- the ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy that kept LGBT people from openly serving in the military -RSB- will end under his watch , but what do we actually get ? Diddly squat . " Dustin Lance Black , who won a best screenplay Oscar for "  Milk , " a movie biography of the gay San Francisco politician Harvey Milk who was gunned down because of his sexual orientation , said last year that he had been an Obama supporter before but might sit out the upcoming election . When President Obama finally signed the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and "  evolved " in his position on marriage by saying he was in favor of it for the LGBT community , both Black and Cumming did more than just say they supported the president . They donated money . They also encouraged others to do the same . David Mixner , who started one of the first LGBT-themed PACs in the late 1970s , said the community has come a long way in being accepted in electoral politics . "  We had some candidates who would n't take our money back then because they did n't want to be associated with anyone who was gay , " Mixner said . He said he believes that changed with the Clinton administration , which the PAC raised $ 4 million to support . "  Now the community knows how to raise money and contribute on their own and we are more than welcome at the table . " The LGBT community is such an important part of this president 's re-election effort that the Obama for America campaign hosts a special section for it on its website . It includes a video discussing the president 's support for LGBT issues narrated by actress Jane Lynch , who is openly gay . It also offers Obama merchandise like T-shirts and drink koozies to bring to Gay Pride events this summer . The president has already attended several LGBT-organized fundraisers , including one in New York hosted by openly gay singer Ricky Martin , the Futuro Fund , and Obama for America LGBT Leadership Council . Another event in Washington , hosted by Karen K. Dixon and her partner , Dr. Nan Schaffer , was rumored to have raised more than a million dollars for the campaign , although the Obama team wo n't comment on the record about fundraising . Tickets for one of the California events were selling so well the campaign had to find a larger venue . There also is great interest in a Chicago fundraiser co-hosted by LGBT bundlers Brewster and Bob Satawake . The couple has already raised $ 288,663 , according to the CNN analysis . "  I think there has always been a strong base of support from LGBT people for the president , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz , spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign , whose incoming president Chad Griffin is a bundler . "  He earned even more respect from the community -- from repealing ` do n't ask , do n't tell , ' to signing the hate crimes law giving the first civil rights protection for us in federal law , to coming out against DOMA , " the Defense of Marriage Act that defines marriage for federal purposes as unions exclusively between a man and a woman . "  Now , with his saying he believes in full marriage equality , we have another reason for people in our community to be generous with their time and money . " It is difficult to know if there are any openly gay bundlers for the Republicans , because Romney has not disclosed his bundler list . The Republican candidate has , however , voiced his opposition to civil unions and supports a federal amendment to the U.S. Constitution to deny same-sex couples the right to marry . But some gay Republicans say Romney is not totally close minded on LGBT issues . "  On gay issues , where Romney stands is not as black and white as it seems , " said R. Clarke Cooper , executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans , an organization for gay and lesbian Republicans . "  One thing he has been consistent on , as governor and as a candidate for president , is he has spoken in broad terms about ending discrimination in the workplace . He has said there is no room for it . " Cooper said the Log Cabin Republicans have n't decided yet if they will endorse Romney . That announcement will come sometime this fall . He does believe , though , that there are gay donors to Romney 's campaign . They just might not be as outspoken . "  We joke that at Pride  festivals  , the question we most often ask other Republicans we see there is , ` Are you out ? ' Meaning ` out ' about your politics yet . "	A CNN analysis of Obama 's biggest fundraisers shows about one in every 16 is openly gay Gay fundraisers have raised more than $ 8 million for the Obama campaign Similar figures are not available for the Romney campaign
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The number of homicides in New York City rose about four percent in 2008 compared with the previous year , preliminary figures from the city 's police department showed . There were 516 homicides in New York City in 2008 , according to preliminary police figures . The NYPD 's CompStat data showed 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 . That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when 2,262 homicides earned New York the title of "  murder capital " of the nation . Though the figures are subject to change , the 2008 tally also represents a drop from the 596 homicides investigated in New York in 2006 . The NYPD , which began compiling the report in 1963 , cited its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement in recent years . The operation places more uniformed officers in concentrated areas where crime rates are high , the NYPD said .	There were 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 That 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when there were 2,262 homicides The NYPD cites its Operation Impact as a chief reason for the improvement The operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are high
CNN  -- Football clubs spend big money on big players to deliver on the biggest stage . And no doubt Arsenal view the $ 58 million they spent on Alexis Sanchez as a bargain after his heroics secured its passage to yet another European Champions League group stage . Remarkably , a nervy 1-0 victory over Turkish side Besiktas in the two-legged playoff tie means Arsene Wenger 's men will take their place in the draw for the 17th consecutive season . Qualification also brings with it a $ 33 million windfall , meaning Sanchez has already paid off a large chunk of the fee it cost the club to prise him from Spanish giants Barcelona . Now the Gunners will line up alongside the cream of Europe , including European champions Real Madrid and German champions Bayern Munich , in Thursday 's draw . A relieved Wenger told Sky Sports : "  We needed to keep our nerve but we kept our nerve , were united and showed great solidarity . "  We wanted to be there and not go down a division in Europe . We had chances to score more but in two games we kept a clean sheet and it made a difference . " Asked if it was unthinkable for Arsenal not to qualify Wenger said : "  It is unthinkable until it happens . "  For us it is a weight off our shoulders , we can now focus on the Premier League and wait for the draw . We feel we have done the job and have our conscience clear . " Wenger also confirmed striker Olivier Giroud would be missing until at least December after undergoing surgery on an ankle injury , and said he would dip into the transfer market if he could find a forward of suitable quality . After a disappointing 0-0 draw in Turkey last week , the first opportunity of the evening fell to Jack Wilshere , but after pouncing on a loose ball when Sanchez was fouled , the England star fired wide of the target . Former Chelsea striker Demba Ba , who wasted several opportunities in the first leg , narrowly failed to poke the ball past Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny as the Turkish side showed they could still pose an offensive threat . And hearts were in mouths at the Emirates when defender Mathieu Debuchy slid in to tackle Mustafa Pektemek and appeared to get only a marginal touch on the ball inside the penalty area . But just as the home fans began to express their agitation , Sanchez found the net . The Chilean scampered into the area as Wilshere swapped passes with German World Cup winner Mesut Ozil , to fire low past Besiktas goalkeeper Tolga Zengin . Sanchez had a chance to double Arsenal 's lead on 51 minutes after more neat approach play from Wilshere , the 22-year-old sliding the ball to his Chilean teammate only to see it stabbed wide of the far post . Ba had another chance to stall the Gunners ' momentum as he turned inside the area , but his shot from a narrow angle could only find the side-netting . Arsenal then wasted two glorious chances to make the tie safe . With Besiktas pushing men forward , Arsenal broke and Sanchez drove into the penalty area before teeing up Cazorla , but the Spaniard 's shot was blocked . Seconds later Nacho Monreal swung in a low cross and though Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain sneaked in front of his marker , he could only fire against Tolga from six yards out . A nervy climax was ensured when Debuchy was dismissed for a second bookable offense with 15 minutes left , the defender remonstrating with the referee before trudging off . Ba failed to connect with a late header , and Arsenal were penned in as the Turks desperately sought the goal they needed , but they held on to seal victory . Elsewhere , Spanish side Athletic Bilbao came from behind to eliminate Napoli , from Italy , and take its place in the European Champions League group stages for the first time in 16 years . Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen also progressed after a 7-2 aggregate victory over Danish outfit FC Copenhagen . Ludogorets Razgrad , of Bulgaria , made the group stages for the first time after a fairytale penalty shootout victory over Romania 's Steaua Bucurest . After goalkeeper Vladislav Stoyanov was sent off in extra time , defender Cosmin Moti donned the gloves as the tie finished 1-1 on aggregate after extra time . Incredibly , Moti took his side 's opening penalty , and scored , before saving two of Steaua 's and sealing a remarkable victory for his side .	Alexis Sanchez seals Arsenal 's progress to European Champions League group stages It is the 17th consecutive season Arsenal have made the group stages of the competition Sanchez 's first goal for the club sees off Turkish club Besiktas in their playoff tie Spain 's Athletic Bilbao knock out Napoli ; Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen also through
WASHINGTON , Illinois  CNN  -- Ty Ziegel peers from beneath his Marine Corps baseball cap , his once boyish face burned beyond recognition by a suicide bomber 's attack in Iraq just three days before Christmas 2004 . Ty Ziegel , a Marine , was badly wounded in Iraq . He battled the VA over disability benefits when he returned . He lost part of his skull in the blast and part of his brain was damaged . Half of his left arm was amputated and some of the fingers were blown off his right hand . Ziegel , a 25-year-old Marine sergeant , knew the dangers of war when he was deployed for his second tour in Iraq . But he did n't expect a new battle when he returned home as a wounded warrior : a fight with the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  Sometimes , you get lost in the system , " he told CNN . "  I feel like a Social Security number . I do n't feel like Tyler Ziegel . " His story is one example of how medical advances in the battlefield have outpaced the home front . Many wounded veterans return home feeling that the VA system , specifically its 62-year-old disability ratings system , has failed them . Watch Ziegel display his model skull " "  The VA system is not ready , and they simply do n't have time to catch up , " Tammy Duckworth -- herself a wounded veteran who heads up the Illinois Department of Veteran Affairs -- told the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee in March . VA Acting Secretary Gordon Mansfield said cases like Ziegel 's are rare -- that the majority of veterans are moving through the process and "  being taken care of . " He also said most veterans are fairly compensated . "  Any veteran with the same issue , if it 's a medical disability , ... it is going to get the same exact result anywhere in our system , " he said . More than 28,500 troops have been wounded in Operation Iraqi Freedom , including about 8,500 that have needed air transport , according to the U.S. military . See photos of these Iraq war heroes " A recent Harvard study found that the cost of caring for those wounded over the course of their lifetime could ultimately cost more than $ 660 billion . In Ziegel 's case , he spent nearly two years recovering at Brooke Army Medical Center in Texas . Once he got out of the hospital , he was unable to hold a job . He anticipated receiving a monthly VA disability check sufficient to cover his small-town lifestyle in Washington , Illinois . Instead , he got a check for far less than expected . After pressing for answers , Ziegel finally received a letter from the VA that rated his injuries : 80 percent for facial disfigurement , 60 percent for left arm amputation , a mere 10 percent for head trauma and nothing for his left lobe brain injury , right eye blindness and jaw fracture . "  I do n't get too mad about too many things , " he said . "  But once we 've been getting into this , I 'm ready to beat down the White House door if I need to . " "  I 'm not expecting to live in the lap of luxury , " he added . "  But I am asking them to make it comfortable to raise a family and not have to struggle . " Within 48 hours of telling his story to CNN this summer , the Office of then-VA Secretary Jim Nicholson acted on Ziegel 's case . The VA changed his head trauma injury , once rated at 10 percent , to traumatic brain injury rated at 100 percent , substantially increasing his monthly disability check . Duckworth , the Illinois VA chief , knows exactly what Ziegel and other severely wounded vets are going through . She lost both her legs when a rocket-propelled grenade struck her Blackhawk helicopter on November 12 , 2004 . Her right arm was also shattered . Watch how Duckworth 's wounds changed her life " She told CNN she received "  incredible care " at Walter Reed for 13 months , but soon realized the transition to the VA would n't be as smooth . "  I started worrying about the fact that maybe this country wo n't remember in five years that there are these war wounded , " Duckworth said . Garrett Anderson with the Illinois National Guard , for example , has been fighting the VA since October 15 , 2005 . Shrapnel tore through his head and body after a roadside bomb blew up the truck he was driving . He lost his right arm . The VA initially rejected his claim , saying his severe shrapnel wounds were "  not service connected . " Watch Anderson describe "  my arm was hanging there " " "  Who would want to tell an Iraqi or Afghanistan soldier who was blown up by an IED that his wounds were not caused by his service over there ? " said Anderson 's wife , Sam . After pressure from Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the VA acted on Anderson 's case . He has since been awarded compensation for a traumatic brain injury . "  It upsets me that the VA system operates in a way that it takes people of power -- and who you know and what you know -- to get what you want , " said Anderson , who is now retired . When asked about Anderson 's case specifically , the VA 's Mansfield said such cases make him "  more dedicated " to fixing the system . In July , President Bush and a commission appointed to review the care of veterans returning from war announced the need for a complete overhaul of the disability ratings system , which dates back to World War II . The VA is now considering action on the commission 's recommendations . Ziegel eventually won his battle . Still he feels for so many others he believes are getting cheated by the system . "  We 're feeding the war machine , but you never think of the war machine that comes home and needs , you know , feeding back home , " he said . His family hopes they do n't have to fight the VA again . In August , Ty Ziegel 's brother , 22-year-old Zach Ziegel , was deployed to Iraq . "  I want to make the VA system better because if he has to go through anything I went through , that 's really going to upset me . That 'll make my fuse real short and hot , " Ty Ziegel said . E-mail to a friend	Ty Ziegel lost an arm , part of his skull when he was attacked in Iraq VA initially rated his brain injury at 0 % , meaning he got no compensation for it Another vet : VA rejected his claim , saying his wounds were "  not service connected " Ziegel : "  I want to make the VA system better "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Between 1969 and 1993 , all 11 justices confirmed to the Supreme Court were named by Republican presidents . Now the re-election of President Barack Obama promises to continue reshifting the balance of federal courts toward a more progressive stage , a legacy of judicial power that may be felt for decades . Obama has already named two justices to the top bench -- Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- and it is possible he might name two or more in his second term . "  With the president re-elected , I think it 's very likely that Ruth  Bader  Ginsburg , the justice who 's the oldest  at age 79  , will retire within the third year of a second term , leaving the president time to get another nominee in there , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top appellate attorney and SCOTUSblog.com publisher . "  Other than retirement , I think -- absent health problems -- the justices are not too anxious to leave . They all really like their jobs , it 's a good job , and they all seem to be in great shape . " Opinion : Where Obama , and America , go from here Federal judges serve for life , giving the president the political opportunity to shape a legacy that will long outlive his or her public service . Besides Ginsburg , three other justices are in their 70s : fellow liberal Stephen Breyer , who is 74 ; and Republican appointees Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy , both 76 . Many conservative court watchers predict Obama will not dramatically alter his criteria for selecting judges , an approach driven in large part by political reality . "  As the president himself said , he 'll have a lot more ` flexibility , ' so he could appoint someone who 's more of a hard left , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , a conservative legal advocacy group . "  Frankly , he has already appointed a very solid , intelligent , articulate liberal in Elena Kagan . Justice Kagan , I think , in many ways is sort of a left Scalia . She 's by no means in the center . She votes lock-step with Justice Ginsburg . " While Democrats control the Senate -- the body that must confirm all nominees -- the Republican minority has been successful blocking two Obama appeals court picks deemed to be "  activist " and "  radical " by the right -- Californian Goodwin Liu and New Yorker Caitlin Halligan . For its part , the current conservative-majority high court has not been shy in adding some of the hottest political and social issues onto its docket . This year alone , the justices tackled immigration reform , affirmative action and the blockbuster health care reform law -- a late-June majority ruling giving the president a major victory . And the justices in coming days are set to decide whether to hear pending appeals on same-sex marriage and voting rights enforcement by the federal government . 15 Supreme Court cases that changed America "  The Supreme Court and its ideological divide is really placing the Constitution and the country in many ways at a crossroads , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center . "  Where President Obama could have a big impact on the court is if one of the more conservative justices , like swing vote Anthony Kennedy or Justice Anton Scalia -- if they retired , then President Obama could replace a conservative or a right-leaning moderate with a liberal justice and that would really shape the outcome of Supreme Court rulings for quite a while . " Some liberal groups have criticized the Obama White House for being less than aggressive in his first term naming proven progressives to the federal courts -- including district , and appeals vacancies . The number of judicial nominations by the current president has lagged by the dozens behind recent chief executives , and those nominees have on average been four years older than those named by President George W. Bush , according to Russell Wheeler , a Brookings Institution expert on judicial nominations . But publicly , liberals say they are encouraged the courts will receive greater political attention over the next four years . "  We look forward to working with the president on a robust justice agenda , " said Nan Aron , president of the Alliance for Justice . "  That agenda must include a renewed commitment to civil liberties and leaving a legacy of judicial appointments that support our values of fairness and equal justice under law . " White House sources have acknowledged privately that Obama put judicial picks on a lower political priority in his first term , for the most part choosing what they characterize as moderate , non-ideological , non-controversial -- and confirmable -- slates of judges . Those sources said the strategy reflected the president 's own personal views that judges should not bring sharp partisanship to their jobs , but also political reality : Obama did not want to be sidelined fighting culture wars over judges with Republicans , while trying to repair the ailing economy and push health care reform . Photos : Justice Roberts on the high court His supporters also blame Senate Republicans for opposing many of the president 's choices , even ones Democrats deemed well within the mainstream . Both sides of the aisle blame the other for abandoning an unofficial 2005 Senate agreement that allowed filibusters of judicial nominees only in extreme cases . Republicans for their part say they can not be criticized for the president being slow to bring judicial nominees to the Senate , and have said the rates of confirmation are consistent with previous administrations . White House officials have emphasized diversity of the bench over hard numbers . Obama has successfully placed 72 women in the federal courts , the most ever in a single presidential term . It matches the number Bush named in his eight years from 2001-09 . President Clinton named 111 female judges in his two terms . From 1993 to 2017 Democratic presidents will have served 16 of those 24 years , approaching in judicial impact what Presidents Nixon , Ford , Reagan , and George H.W Bush did in their terms . "  I think filling the lower court benches is going to be key , " said Severino . "  That 's something , much to my relief , actually ,  that  President Obama has n't focused on as much this past term . He did get his two Supreme Court nominations , which is huge , and has a great impact . But there 's also the long-term impact of filling the district court and the circuit-court spots , and that 's what is going to provide a deeper bench later on . "  So we 'll see if President Obama decides to switch his emphasis and fill more of those judicial vacancies or continues to embrace that as a lower priority . " Of more immediate concern to the rank-and-file federal courts : the pending $ 7 trillion "  fiscal cliff " of mandatory federal tax increases and spending cuts if a budget deal is not reached by early January . Economists fear another journey back to a recession if things are left unchanged . The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , in a letter obtained by CNN , warned a proposed 8.2 % across-the-board sequestration cut in judicial funding would be "  devastating , " potentially forcing employee downsizing , and reductions in court security , even fees paid to public defenders and citizens for jury service .	Federal judges serve for life , which means a president can shape a far-ranging legacy Obama named two Supreme Court justices in his first term Four of the current justices are in their 70s Obama has placed 72 women in the federal courts , most ever in a single presidential term
CNN  -- By July 20 , a historic deal may be reached to resolve the Iranian nuclear standoff . The choice America will face at that point is whether to lift sanctions on Iran in order to extract valuable and irreversible nuclear concessions from Tehran . Any debate over whether to exchange sanctions for limitations to Iran 's nuclear program , however , would be incomplete at best and misleading at worst if it does not address the cost of this policy . Surprisingly , the U.S. government has not conducted any study to assess the cost of its two decades-long policy of sanctioning Iran . According to our study , based on an econometric gravity model that commonly is used to measure trade patterns , the United States is by far the biggest loser of all nations enforcing sanctions on Iran . From 1995 to 2012 , the U.S. sacrificed between $ 134.7 and $ 175.3 billion in potential export revenue to Iran . These are astonishing numbers . But the human cost is even more surprising . Based on the Department of Commerce 's annual report on jobs supported per billion dollars of exports , this lost export revenue translates into between 51,043 and 66,436 job opportunities lost per year on average . In 2008 alone , as many as 214,657 to 279,389 job opportunities were relinquished . Texas and California are likely the biggest losers in terms of lost job opportunities , due to their size as well as the strength of their industries in areas attractive to the Iranian economy -- oil and gas , automobiles , green energy , and telecommunications to name a few . Yet , these are conservative numbers . The model only captures lost export revenues and does not take into account secondary effects of sanctions such as higher oil prices to the broader U.S. economy . Nor does it account for how lower Iranian GDP and imports -- as a result of sanctions -- further suppresses Iran 's ability to absorb exports from the sanctioning countries . Consequently , the full cost to the U.S. economy is likely even higher than the numbers listed here . America is not alone in losing export revenue and job opportunities as a result of the Iran sanctions . Sanctions cost the EU states more than twice as much as the United States in terms of lost trade revenue between 2010 and 2012 . Germany was hit the hardest , followed by Italy and France . It is not uncommon that cost becomes a secondary factor when devising national security policy . But as American and Iranian diplomats try to negotiate nuclear deal in Vienna together with their EU , Russian and Chinese partners , the question is not whether sanctions have been justified . Rather , the question is whether sanctions should be exchanged for blocking Iran 's uranium and plutonium pathways towards a nuclear weapon . These are pathways , incidentally , that can not be bombed . As former IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei famously said , "  You can bomb their facilities , but you can not bomb their knowledge . " Opponents of a nuclear deal argue that intensified sanctions provide a more effective route to halting Tehran 's nuclear activities . They also fear that sanctions relief will give Iran a get-out-of-jail-free card and enable it to restart its nuclear program at a later stage . The arguments in favor of sanctions , or against a deal that entails sanctions relief , are debatable . In the words of U.S. President Barack Obama , the idea that Iran would simply surrender to American demands due to the economic pressure of sanctions "  does not reflect an honest understanding of the Iranian people or the Iranian regime . " In addition , continuing sanctions may break the international coalition against Iran . Lawmakers on Capitol Hill have heard directly from Europeans that if a reasonable deal is reached , the EU will not accept the cost of sanctions even if Congress rejects the nuclear deal . It will be Congress , not Europe , that will break the transatlantic coalition by clinging on to sanctions at the expense of a nuclear resolution , the Europeans have said . If the Obama administration in the next few days manages to secure a deal over Iran 's nuclear program , some in Washington will ask whether the deal is good enough to "  give up sanctions . " But the American public must also ask themselves if the cost of sanctions to the U.S. economy is worth shouldering if other options exist .	A July 20 deadline to reach a permanent deal on Iran 's nuclear program is looming If a deal is reached , the U.S. will have to decide whether to lift sanctions , authors say They say the U.S. is the most negatively impacted of the nations imposing sanctions The EU will likely end sanctions if a reasonable deal is reached , regardless of the U.S. , they say
CNN  -- The separatist group behind a series of bombings on a Spanish vacation island marks the 50 year anniversary of its struggle this year , a milestone that sees it no closer to achieving its goal . Police cordon off the route leading to the location of the latest blasts in Palma de Mallorca . ETA , which is fighting for the independence of Spain 's northern Basque region , was said to be behind three bombs that detonated on the island of Mallorca on Sunday without hurting anyone . The latest incident appears to be part of a new wave of attacks , including another in Mallorca which killed two Civil Guard officers in July , which have left a 2006 cease-fire a distant memory . The violent resurgence also defies Spanish government claims that the group 's operational capabilities have been broken by a series of high profile arrests in Spain and France . ETA , blamed for more than 800 deaths and listed as a terrorist group by Spain the European Union and the United States , began campaigning for Basque independence in 1959 . The group , whose full name Euskadi Ta Askatasuna means "  Basque Homeland and Freedom " in the Basque language , killed what some say was its first victim in 1968 . Since then it waged a campaign of violence against the Spanish state , targeting politicians , policemen , judges and soldiers , often clocking up numerous civilian casualties with deadly car bombs . In 1980 alone ETA was blamed for 118 deaths , and in 1995 it nearly succeeded in assassinating Jose Maria Aznar , then leader of the opposition and later Spain 's prime minister . On September 16 , 1998 , the organization declared a "  unilateral and indefinite " cease-fire , raising hopes that its campaign was at an end . ETA called off the cease-fire in November 1999 , however , and 2000 saw a sharp escalation in violence . Another unilateral cease-fire was declared in March 2005 , with ETA raising hopes for a lasting peace by declaring it "  permanent . " It was called off by ETA in June 2006 following numerous more ETA attacks . At the center of the struggle is a region know as Euskal Herria in Basque . The area straddles the western end of the Pyrenees , covering 20,664 square kilometers in northern Spain and southern France . See map of territory claimed by Basque separatists Spain officially recognizes three Basque provinces , Alava , Guipuzcoa and Vizcaya . A fourth neighboring province , Navarra , is of Basque heritage . Separatists consider these four provinces plus three in France -- Basse Navarre , Labourd and Soule -- as the Basque country , with a population approaching 3 million . The area has always possessed a fiercely independent instinct . The Basque people are the oldest indigenous ethnic group in Europe and have lived uninterrupted in the same region since the beginning of recorded history . Their language , Euskera , which is spoken regularly by about 40 percent of Basque inhabitants , bears no relation to any other Indo-European tongue and dates back to before the Romans arrived in Spain . For many centuries the Basques of Spain enjoyed a strong degree of autonomy . The Basque region 's hilly landscape helped keep its people isolated from outside influences . In the Spanish Civil War , two Basque provinces -- Guipuzcoa and Viscaya -- fought against Gen. Francisco Franco , while the provinces of Alava and Navarra fought for Franco . Under Franco 's dictatorship  1939-75  , most of the Basque region had its remaining autonomy rescinded . Its culture , people and language were suppressed . ETA and its demands for an independent Basque state arose in 1959 in the midst of this suppression . ETA has focused its activities on the Spanish side of the border . For many years France provided a safe haven for ETA members , a situation that began to change in the mid-1980s . The organization has financed its campaign through kidnapping , bank robbery and a so-called "  revolutionary tax " on Basque businesses -- a payment widely regarded as plain extortion . According to the counter-terrorism office of the U.S. State Department , ETA members received training in Libya , Lebanon and Nicaragua , while the group also enjoyed close links with the Irish Republican Army . The Good Friday peace accord influenced ETA to call its cease-fire in 1998 .	Basque separatist group ETA formed in 1959 began violent campaign in 1968 Most recent cease-fire collapsed in 2007 despite pledges of permanence Group blamed for more than 800 deaths , including many civilians
Washington  CNN  -- Over the next few days , the drama of a potential government shutdown will collide with the promise of a new health insurance system known as Obamacare . Here are answers to eight of the most pressing questions about both : 1 . What happens on October 1 with Obamacare and the government shutdown ? First , the health insurance exchanges established by the Affordable Care Act -- or Obamacare -- will be open for business . Millions of uninsured Americans will be able to enroll in health plans before the law kicks in on January 1 , 2014 . Second , the U.S. government might "  shut down " if lawmakers ca n't agree to pass a funding bill that has attached to it a provision to defund Obamacare . These two events are linked . The reason both houses of Congress may not be able to agree on a funding bill -- also known as a continuing resolution -- is that some senators and representatives see this as their last chance to stop Obamacare . But that 's really where the link ends . Shutdown showdown over Obamacare moves to Senate 2 . Does a government shutdown shut down Obamacare ? Not really . Most of the funding for Obamacare comes from new taxes and fees , from cost cuts to other programs like Medicare and other types of funding that carry on even in the event of a government shutdown . Congress ' research arm , the Congressional Research service , prepared a memo for Republican Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , that suggested an effort to use the government shutdown as leverage to force Democrats to delay implementing the law would not really work because the law will continue regardless of a shutdown . Plus , the law would still be in effect , so its many new requirements -- everything from forcing insurance companies to cover anyone who wants insurance to forcing everyday Americans to carry health insurance or pay a fine -- would still be in effect , too . Government shutdown : Again ? Seriously ? 3 . Do I have to sign up for a new health insurance plan on October 1 when open enrollment for Obamacare begins ? Maybe -- Take this quick survey and we 'll find out : A. Do you get health insurance from your employer ? If the answer is yes -- and this is by far the No. 1 way Americans get health insurance -- go on about your business . Obamacare does n't really affect you . At least not yet . A lot of people think that because of Obamacare , fewer companies will offer health insurance , particularly to low-paid workers and retirees . There is some evidence of this . These employers would have to pay a per-worker fine to the government , but it might be cheaper for them in the long run to pay this fine to the government rather than offer insurance . Other companies might cut hours for some workers , making them part-timers working fewer than 30 hours a week in order to avoid helping pay their health insurance . But it will take some years to see if it really comes to pass . However , if you get health insurance at work , you could probably drop that coverage and buy health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges . But you might not want to . You wo n't qualify for any government help to buy your insurance and your employer would n't be contributing any of the money it is now . B. Do you get health insurance from the government ? If the answer is yes , go on about your business . Obamacare does n't really affect you . At least not yet . While Obamacare relies on making Medicare more efficient as a way to pay for some new services for younger people , it is not supposed to change the services offered by Medicare . One big test of this promise is Medicare Advantage . These are privately administered insurance plans that provide Medicare services to seniors . They cost the government more per person to provide Medicare . So , Obamacare seeks to bring their spending back in line with the rest of Medicare . This could lead to changes in Medicare Advantage options , like gym memberships and other items that are offered as enticements . But the same core Medicare services are supposed to remain in effect . The same goes for Medicaid . If you get your insurance from one of the 50 state-run Medicaid programs , Obamacare should not affect you . But you 'll have a lot more company in these programs , which will grow to insure a larger portion of Americans . Zelizer : GOP strategy on shutdown courts doom 4 . Do you have an individual health insurance plan ? If yes , Obamacare is going to affect you . It is possible that your insurance plan wo n't change , but it 's just as likely that your plan does n't meet all the minimum requirements the law imposes . These include new rules for how much profit companies can take for plans , new rules for coverage of women 's services , new rules for how much more insurance companies can charge for women than men , and a lot more . So , you might have to buy a more expensive plan . In this case , your insurance company has probably already let you know . It 's also possible you might want a new plan . Check out your new state health insurance exchange or the one the federal government set up in your state if your state government refused to do so . People who like and dislike Obamacare have something to like about costs of individual plans . Prelminary estimates have come in lower than some government prognosticators expected . So it is fair to say Obamacare might be cheaper than expected for some individuals . But it is also accurate to say that premiums are likely to rise for healthy people on the individual market . Why ? They 're going to get more robust insurance plans that cover more things . At the same time , a lot of sick people who get private insurance now pay a ton for it ; their costs could decrease . Congress : will it be a government shutdown or budget compromise ? 5 . Do you have no health insurance ? If so , Obamacare is for you , like it or not . You 're either going to have to enroll in Medicaid or buy health insurance from a private company on an "  exchange " organized by either your state government or the federal government . If you 're single and you make less than $ 15,281.70  $ 31,321.50 for a family of four  , you 're likely to get Medicaid , although some states have refused to expand their programs . Those income levels for Medicaid -- 133 % of the federal poverty level -- will increase from year to year . 10 ways a government shutdown would affect your daily life 6 . How much is Obamacare going to cost me ? It depends . What if you make more than $ 15,281.70 , but not that much more ? You do n't get Medcaid . You do n't have employer-sponsored health insurance and you do want coverage . How are you supposed to afford a new health insurance plan ? The government is going to help a lot of people pay for it . If you 're single and you make less than $ 45,960  $ 94,200 for a family of four  , you 'll qualify for a government-sponsored subsidy to help you buy insurance . The Kaiser Family Foundation has estimated the average government subsidy for a family will be about $ 2,700 and the average premium costs will be about $ 8,250 . Those costs will vary depending on the age and number of family members and the level of plan they choose to buy . Try your own scenario here . Q&A : The lowdown on the shutdown , or why you should care about the CR 7 . Is Obamacare health insurance government insurance ? No . Many state Medicaid programs will grow to insure much larger portions of their state populations . But the core of the law is the creation of new health insurance exchanges . These are places -- online , mostly -- where people who do n't get insurance can buy it from a private company . On the one hand , the government is making people either carry insurance or pay a fine , on the other hand the government is making insurance companies provide insurance to anyone who wants it and they 're controlling how much the insurance companies can charge . 8 . What happens if I do n't buy health insurance ? You 're young and healthy . You do n't really want health insurance . No sweat . You do n't have to buy it . You can "  opt out . " But then you 'll have to pay a fine of between $ 95 for every adult in your house or 1 % of your income after $ 10,000 , whichever is larger . So if you 're single and you make $ 50,000 , you 'd have to pay a $ 400 fine for not having health insurance . The Supreme Court called this fine a tax . You can look at it that way . Or you can view it as an upfront payment for having hospital and ambulance services able to come get you if you need them . Or you can look at it as horrible government overreach . Some people do . 5 strange things about debt ceilings	The federal government is headed for a potential shutdown The fight to defund Obamacare is the sticking point Republicans have tied the key spending bill to stopping money for Obamacare Large part of Affordable Care Act is set to go into effect on October 1
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There is a mathematical reason why the French Open is so different to any other of the Grand Slam tennis tournaments . Clay courts require a different type of game to grass and hard court surfaces The Roland Garros tournament is currently being contested , with Rafael Nadal looking for his fifth win in a row , and world number two Roger Federer searching for his first ever French Open title .  Get the latest French Open news What has brought problems to Federer , and to other greats like Pete Sampras and Boris Becker -- who never won a French Open , is the clay surface on which it is contested . The maths of the clay surface are distinctly different to grass or hard-court surfaces . All officially recognized courts have a court pace rating  CPR  , which rates the "  speed " of the court -- and clay courts are at the bottom . The crushed-brick mixture that constitutes the base of a clay court produces a the highest bounce and most friction of the three surfaces , meaning they have the lowest CPR of all three surface types and are considered as the "  slowest " . Grass courts are generally have the highest CPR numbers , and are the "  fastest " courts . The CPR numbers give a hint as to whether a ball will bounce higher or lower on a specific surface , and how much friction there is to either slow the ball or allow it to skid on . An example court pace rating for each surface may be 23 for a clay court , 35 for a hard court and 46 for a grass court .  Try our special interactive to see how tennis ball bounce on different surfaces " This number is calculated by considering both horizontal speed and vertical bounce of a tennis ball off a court . The equation used is CPR = SPR + 150 x  0.81-e  . To make more sense of this , the International Tennis Federation , the game 's law-makers , have produced a chart which simply matches the coefficient of friction  friction  and coefficient of restitution  bounce  to produce a court pace rating . But it 's not just the bounce and speed of the ball off the clay surface that sets it apart from other courts , and makes the French Open an elusive tournament for some players . Head of women 's tennis at Britain 's Lawn Tennis Association  LTA  , Nigel Sears , told CNN the slippery nature of the clay surface also set it apart from other types of court . "  The main factor that makes it different is that it 's a loose surface . That allows players to slide on it . " The loose surface and different clay characteristics meant the crushed-brick surface required a different game plan , he said . "  Players are a lot further back on the clay surface . If you look at Nadal , his return of service points of contact are different to other surfaces ... on clay he can sit back . " The slower pace and higher bounce also meant big servers like Sampras were negated on clay and certain types of players were better suited to it , Sears said . "  Clay magnifies spin . So the slice is effective on clay ... and you can also produce a lot of top spin . One of the problems Federer has on clay is that he has a single-handed backhand , and Nadal can get so much spin -- so Federer is trying to hit single-handed shots up around his shoulder . " The clay approach was slightly different in women 's tennis , however , as some players tended to approach clay matches similar to hard-court games , he said . Sears said endurance was also a crucial advantage on clay , particularly at Roland Garros . "  You tend to have longer rallies on clay . The French Open is so physical with five-set matches . When somebody faces Nadal to five sets no-one can compete with him physically , " he said .	Clay , grass and hard tennis court surfaces all produce different bounces The speed and bounce of certain courts can adversely affect a player 's game Use the CNN interactive to see how the bounce differs on each surface
CNN  -- With a bit of technical ingenuity , Chinese web giant Baidu has developed a moving map of travelers as they return home for Lunar New Year , which begins this week . The map , which updates hourly , works by pulling location data from users ' mobile phones as they travel across the country . Users can click to see which routes and cities have the most traffic at any given moment . The Lunar New Year , also known as spring festival in China , is a hectic time for the country of over 1.3 billion people , as hundreds of millions leave the cities to visit their relatives , many of whom remain in the countryside . Although the country is rapidly urbanizing , a huge number of city-dwelling Chinese are considered migrant workers , and do not enjoy full legal and social rights in urban areas . View the map here .  In Chinese China 's struggle to urbanize Migrant workers remain vulnerable	Chinese web giant Baidu develops moving map of Lunar New Year travelers Map works by pulling location data from mobile phones
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York hospital worker was suspended for failing to report the gunshot wound of NFL star Plaxico Burress , a hospital spokeswoman told CNN Monday . New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress arrives at the 17th police precinct in Manhattan on Monday . The spokeswoman , Kathy Robinson , gave no further detail on the New York Presbyterian Hospital employee . "  We can confirm that the individual at New York Presbyterian Hospital , who was responsible for failing to report the incident , has been suspended , " hospital spokeswoman Robinson said . Burress has garnered media attention recently for accidentally shooting himself with a gun he is accused of bringing into a crowded New York night club . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg slammed Burress on Monday , saying it would be an "  outrage " if the Giants receiver is n't prosecuted "  to the fullest extent of the law " after the shooting with a gun that authorities say he owned illegally . Burress , 31 , was arraigned Monday on two counts of criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree . He could face up to 15 years in prison , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said . Alicia Maxey Greene , spokeswoman for the district attorney , said Burress is not expected to enter a plea until a court appearance in March . Burress ' attorney , Benjamin Brafman , said he expects Burress to plead not guilty . Bloomberg , speaking at a news conference , made clear he wants Burress to face jail time . Noting a law that automatically sentences an offender to at least 31/2 years for illegally carrying a loaded handgun , Bloomberg said , "  It 's pretty hard to argue the guy did n't have a gun and it was n't loaded . You 've got bullet holes in and out to show that it was there . " The mayor also lashed out at New York Presbyterian Hospital for failing to inform police about the incident . He called on the state attorney general to "  go after " the hospital for a "  chargeable offense . " The district attorney 's office said the hospital is under investigation . The hospital said it also is investigating the incident and promised to cooperate with authorities . In the incident Friday night , Burress suffered a wound to his right thigh and was treated and released from the hospital , the Giants said in a statement released over the weekend . Sports Illustrated reported that Burress had accidentally shot himself with a gun he was carrying while at Latin Quarter , a sprawling nightclub in Manhattan . Brafman said his client "  understands the seriousness of the situation , and he 's addressing it in a responsible fashion . " Brafman also said Burress is "  physically OK and mentally OK . " He added that he does not know when Burress may be back on the field . Bloomberg , who has long fought against illegal gun ownership , said public figures "  make their living because of their visibility . They are the role models for our kids , and if we do n't prosecute them , to the fullest extent of the law , I do n't know who on Earth we would . It makes a sham , a mockery of the law . " Turning his ire to New York Presbyterian Hospital , which treated Burress , Bloomberg said officials "  did n't do what they 're legally required to do " -- inform the authorities of the incident . "  It 's a misdemeanor . It 's a chargeable offense , and I think that the district attorney should certainly go after the management of this hospital . " He also called on the hospital to fire those whose responsibility it was to alert the authorities . And Bloomberg added , "  I would question why the management did n't have training in place and did n't discipline them immediately . It 's just an outrage . " The hospital later Monday afternoon issued a statement acknowledging that "  not reporting a gunshot wound is a clear violation of our policies and procedures . " "  We take this very seriously , and are conducting a thorough investigation into why this gunshot wound was not reported to the police department in a timely fashion . Appropriate disciplinary action will be taken . We are in full cooperation with the mayor 's office and the police department , " it said . Bloomberg also complained that the Giants "  should have picked up the phone right away as good corporate citizens . I do n't care whether there 's a legal responsibility for them to do it . They are a team that is here in this region . I know they 're in New Jersey , but it 's the New York Giants , and they have a responsibility as a team that depends on the public and wants to be role models to the public . " The mayor said police learned about the incident from a TV report . But team spokeswoman Pat Hanlon , in an e-mail to CNN , wrote , "  We are working closely with the police and NFL security . In the early hours of Saturday morning , as we started to get a sense of what we were dealing with , we did , in fact , notify NFL security , which then contacted the police . " Over the weekend , the Giants issued a statement saying they were "  in contact with Plaxico since shortly after the incident , " and that their primary concern was for his health and well-being . The team said it had contacted NFL security and was working to gather more details . The shooting was the latest bump in a rocky season for Burress , who became a hero of last season 's Super Bowl when he caught the game-winning touchdown pass from quarterback Eli Manning with 35 seconds remaining . He was fined and suspended from the team 's October 5 game for reportedly missing a practice without notifying the team . Later , he was fined $ 45,000 by the NFL after an October 19 game during which he argued with a referee and threw a football into the stands . He injured a hamstring in a game two weeks ago and was not scheduled to play in the Giants ' game on Sunday . CNN 's Laurie Segall , Elianne Friend , Kristen Hammill and Cheryl Robinson contributed .	Plaxico Burress accused of taking gun into a crowded New York night club New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants vigorous prosecution of NFL star Mayor also slams hospital , Giants for their response to the Burress incident Hospital : "  Not reporting a gunshot wound is a clear violation of our policies . "
A Navy F-18 fighter jet that crashed into a Virginia Beach neighborhood in April experienced dual engine failure , marking the first time an F-18 has had two unrelated catastrophic engine failures at the same time , according to a report released on the investigation . In the first five seconds of flight , the jet 's right engine stalled from a fuel leak , the investigators said . The pilot tried to compensate with extra thrust from the left engine but it also failed due to an unrelated problem with the afterburner . "  It was not a single failure but an extremely unusual and complex multisystem emergency , " Rear Adm. Ted Branch said at a press conference Monday . Related : Navy jet experiences "  catastrophic " malfunction , crashes in Virginia With a failed right engine and a malfunctioning left engine that was not generating sufficient thrust , the aircraft quickly lost altitude . When the F-18 dropped to 50 feet the crew ejected . One second later the jet crashed into an apartment complex , but no one was killed . The whole ordeal , from takeoff to crash , lasted only 70 seconds . If the right engine alone had failed , it is highly unlikely the aircraft would have crashed , Branch said . "  We have never had this kind of unrelated dual engine mishap in the F-18 , " he said . "  It 's the first time its ever happened with this aircraft . " Emergency procedures will be revised to take this rare occurrence into account , he said . Navy : ` Miracle ' nobody died in Virginia jet crash ` Oh my God ! ' Callers recount Navy jet crash	The F-18 crashed into a Virginia Beach , Virginia , neighborhood in April This is the first time two unrelated F-18 engine failures have occurred at the same time Though the jet hit an apartment complex , no one was killed
Logne , Haiti  CNN  -- Joanie Yestin walks through a small alleyway to what used to be home , now a pile of concrete and crushed belongings . A plastic flower arrangement still hangs on an exterior wall that did n't collapse in the earthquake . One wooden bathroom cabinet survived . Standing amid the rubble , Yestin , 23 , recalls that horrific day : She had just returned home from her job as a secretary at Logne 's Cool FM radio station and was preparing to take a bath when the earth started rumbling . She rushed out in time , stood with her mother and watched showers of concrete . When the ground became still , she went back in to search for her father . A block had fallen on him . He died almost instantly . After she buried him , after she found a small plot of land outside a local school to set up temporary shelter , Yestin thought about what she might do to mend her broken soul , her broken nation . She put on her salvaged Girl Scout uniform -- a tan cotton blouse and skirt and a green scarf twisted around her neck . Yestin , like many of Haiti 's almost 10,000 Boys and Girls Scouts , decided to contribute her share to the earthquake relief effort . "  It 's important to have Haitians involved in the recovery , " said Georges Clement , the Scout leader in Logne . "  We want to help . " Full coverage of Haiti earthquake Since the fall of the Duvalier dictatorship in the 1980s , Haiti has created many civil society organizations and groups , but none has been particularly strong in the midst of political and economic turmoil , said Sophie Perez , the country director for the humanitarian agency CARE , which has worked in Haiti since 1954 . It was vital to involve grass-roots groups in the earthquake recovery process , she said , because local people are the ones who have the biggest stake in the future . The Scouts have one other advantage : They are young . "  It is important to involve young people right from the start , " Perez said . "  They can learn values of solidarity and good governance . " But as determined as Yestin is to help , this particular community chore is hardly easy for her Scout troop . In Baussan , a village near Logne , about 30 miles west of Port-au-Prince , the Scouts lined up to distribute essential hygiene items trucked in by CARE . Yestin and her friends broke out in a song about being together ; it was the only way to get through life 's tribulations . She smiled and laughed with the others . And yet not one among them had been unscathed by the terrible tragedy that befell Haiti on January 12 . Many had lost a family member or a home . By day , few are in school . By night , they sleep under the stars . No one 's lives are the way they were anymore . The missing , the found , the victims Yestin handed out red , green and blue buckets filled with soap , toothpaste , towels . She tore open the plastic-on-foam mattresses and blankets to hand out to the needy . She tried not to think about her own loss at that moment . "  It was God 's will " that her father died , she had said earlier . "  I will do my very best to help others because that is what I have been trained to do , " she said about her five years in the Scouts . "  Up until now , I have n't really had the opportunity to help others . " Yestin passed along one CARE bucket after another . She did not cry like she did when the earth shook . Or worry that her education was in peril . She had wanted to attend university , study communications . But it was her father who made a living as a mason . Who will pay her tuition now ? Who will support her 5-year-old nephew ? His unemployed parents depended on her for a few extra dollars . She often feels scared these days when she is alone . "  I love the way we work together , " she said of the Scouts . So on this blazing afternoon , amid the despair of the needy , she simply took comfort .	Many of Haiti 's 10,000 Boys and Girls Scouts contribute to earthquake relief "  It is important to involve young people right from the start , " CARE official says Scouts help even though they have lost homes , family members
CNN  -- Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III -- one of dozens of politicians and rabbis arrested last week in a corruption scandal -- has resigned , the city attorney said Friday . Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III is accused of taking thousands of dollars in bribes . Steve Kleinman said City Council President Dawn Zimmer will be sworn in immediately as acting mayor . He said Cammarano 's letter of resignation , delivered to the city clerk at 9:15 a.m. , said his resignation would be effective at noon Friday . The Democratic Hoboken mayor was one of 44 people arrested in last week 's federal corruption probe . In his letter to the city clerk , Cammarano , 32 , denied all criminal wrongdoing , but said the charges have disrupted the city government and his ability to perform mayoral duties . "  It had been my hope and expectation that I could remain in office and perform my official duties until I had the opportunity to resolve the legal charges against me in court , " he wrote . "  Regrettably , it has turned out that the controversy surrounding the charges against me has become a distraction to me and an impediment to functioning of Hoboken government . " He apologized to Hoboken residents for the "  disruption and disappointment " the case has caused , but said , "  I am innocent of any criminal charges and I intend to fight the allegations against me . " Authorities said that 29 public officials and associates took hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes , and that 15 people -- including five rabbis -- engaged in money laundering . Read about some linked to investigation " One of the federal complaints alleges that Cammarano took about $ 25,000 in bribes from a government witness posing as a real estate developer . Dennis Elwell , 64 , the Democratic mayor of Secaucus , in northern New Jersey , resigned Tuesday after being charged with accepting $ 10,000 from a confidential informant . Elwell 's attorney , Thomas Cammarata , said the mayor had decided that resigning was in the best interest of his family and the people of Secaucus , but was not an admission of guilt . "  Dennis pleaded not guilty to the charges , is presumed innocent and will vigorously defend the unproven allegations made against him , " the attorney said . Other city leaders arrested include Anthony Suarez , 42 , the Democratic mayor of Ridgefield , New Jersey , and Leona Beldini , 74 , the Democratic deputy mayor of Jersey City , prosecutors said . Earlier this week , Democrats L. Harvey Smith and Daniel Van Pelt -- two members of the New Jersey State Assembly who were among the officials arrested in the probe -- were stripped of their legislative pay and benefits , Assembly Speaker Joseph J. Roberts Jr. announced . When the arrests were announced July 23 , prosecutors said investigators had searched about 20 locations in New Jersey and New York to recover "  large sums of cash and other evidence of criminal conduct , " and executed 28 seizure warrants against bank accounts that they believe were involved in laundering money .	Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III steps down in wake of scandal Cammarano , one of 44 arrested in corruption probe , accused of taking bribes Secaucus Mayor Dennis Elwell resigned earlier after being linked to investigation Both maintain their innocence , saying stepping down is not admission of guilt
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- India 's military on Wednesday accused Pakistani forces of another cease-fire breach in Kashmir . Indian troops in Kashmir go through their drills . This week has seen tensions mount in the region . "  Pakistani troops fired six 82-mm mortar rounds in a span of one hour ... at our positions , " Indian defense spokesman Lt. Col. A. K. Mathur said Wednesday . But the report was denied by Pakistan 's army spokesman , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , who said there had been no "  exchange of fire from our side ... of the LoC -LSB- Line of Control -RSB- , " that divides the Kashmir region between India and Pakistan Mathur said no Indian forces were wounded in the incident , and they "  maintained restraint and did n't retaliate . " "  We contacted the Pakistan army on the hotline and told them to stop the firing so that the situation does n't escalate , " the Indian spokesman said . But Abbas said he had no reports from local commanders of any incident "  This has been their -LSB- India 's -RSB- allegation but as far as the local commanders are concerned ... there is no incident from our side of any kind , " Abbas said . The reported incident came after Monday 's border clash in Kashmir , the first major skirmish between South Asia 's nuclear rivals since a 2003 cease-fire . India maintains that Pakistani crossed the LoC and fired on Indian soldiers , prompting a firefight . Pakistan blamed India for sparking the incident by crossing into its territory in Kashmir . Senior Pakistani and Indian military officials met briefly Tuesday to discuss the incident , in which one Indian soldier was killed . Pakistan denied reports that its forces sustained casualties . Indian and Pakistani forces have exchanged periodic gunfire since May , but Monday 's clashes appear to be a serious setback to the ongoing peace process between the two nations . Indian Defense Minister A. K. Antony blames Pakistan for 19 cease-fire violations since January , which Pakistan denies . Kashmir has been at the root of two wars between India and Pakistan , both of which tested nuclear weapons in 1998 . An 18-year separatist campaign in the Indian-controlled portion of the largely Muslim territory has claimed more than 43,000 lives , according to government officials , although human rights groups and non-governmental organizations put the toll at twice that number . India has long accused Pakistan of supporting the separatists in Kashmir , a charge Pakistan denies . India blamed militants from Pakistan for a suicide car bombing outside its embassy in Afghanistan that killed 58 people on July 7 . CNN 's Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar contributed to this report .	India 's military accuse Pakistan of another cease-fire breach in Kashmir Pakistani troops fired six 82-mm mortar rounds in hour , India says Pakistani Army denies claim , saying no weapons were fired
CNN  -- Despite a report Tuesday of possible hazardous materials at a mail facility at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling in the nation 's capital , no suspicious packages or letters were located , a Defense Intelligence Agency spokesman said The agency 's mail-screening equipment alerted officials to the possible presence of a hazardous substance . Preliminary tests indicated it was a possible biotoxin , officials said earlier . But after an on-scene investigation , it was determined there was no threat , Lt. Col. Thomas F. Veale , an agency spokesman , said . The FBI has taken samples and will conduct further testing , he said . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	The FBI has taken samples from the mail facility at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling Authorities now say there was no suspicious package or letter Mail screening equipment initially indicated there was a hazardous substance , an official says
CNN  -- Richard Gere is one of Hollywood 's most recognizable and prolific movie stars . In a career spanning four decades , he 's starred in more than 50 feature films , including blockbusters such as "  Pretty Woman " and "  Runaway Bride . " In the early '80s , back-to-back performances in "  American Gigolo " and "  An Officer and a Gentleman " raised temperatures worldwide and cemented Gere 's status as a heartthrob and sex symbol . But for all his accolades , one thing missing from the star 's resume is an Academy Award . Many critics were certain a nomination would come for his memorable turn as Billy Flynn in the 2002 Best Picture Oscar winner , "  Chicago . " The movie musical earned a whopping 13 nominations , including acting nods for Renee Zellweger , Queen Latifah and John C. Reilly . It sent Catherina Zeta-Jones home with a statue -- but nothing for Gere . Hollywood has once again shifted into awards gear , and for the first time in a decade , the iconic leading man could get another swing at Oscar . This year , Gere flexed his dramatic muscles in Nicholas Jarecki 's "  Arbitrage , " playing a brilliant but troubled Wall Street tycoon . His performance has received widespread praise from critics as well as a Golden Globe nomination . With the film now available for home viewing and Oscar voters turning in their ballots , Gere opens up about what a nomination would mean to him ; why things such as power , money and beauty do n't really matter ; and the best decision he 's ever made about his hair . CNN : In "  Arbitrage , " you play a hedge fund fat cat with a lot of personal and professional secrets . Since the economy took a nosedive , these guys are usually the villains , but somehow you make him sympathetic . Richard Gere : I would n't say he 's sympathetic ; I was trying to make him human . He does a lot of bad things , and I did n't want to sugarcoat that , but I do n't know how you could sustain this story , if the guy was a capital "  V " villain . The world has gray areas for all of us . We all compromise constantly . Most of us do n't have the opportunity to compromise to the degree that this guy does with that much power and money , but the impulse is the same -- it 's just a question of degree . That 's what I wanted to do with this . I wanted to be a mirror for ourselves . CNN : In the first scene , you 're celebrating your 60th birthday , and I thought , "  There 's no way Richard Gere is 60 ! " But you 're 63 . ... Gere : I 'm actually 83 .  Laughter  I 'm very well-preserved . I had six hours of makeup before I came in here . CNN : That would be a headline . But seriously , aging in Hollywood is famously difficult , and you 've managed to do it seamlessly . Gere : We were laughing about it before . Someone told me recently , "  Oh , you never colored your hair . " I know a lot of actors and directors who seem to get darker hair every year , and mine gets more paper white all the time . But I 'm very glad I made that decision , and it seemed to work out . CNN : Was there a time in your life when you knew you had a certain impact on the opposite sex ? Gere : Not at all . The only difference in my life over anyone else is that I 've gone through this kind of scrutiny for a long time . But we all have hopes , fears , angers , jealousies -- we 're all the same . It 's like my character in the film ; look at the package of this guy -- that car , those suits , the haircut , the mistress , the way he moves . In the end it 's all meaningless . There are some core issues that we all go through . It does n't matter how poor or rich or whatever , if you 've done that kind of internal work that can open up genuine doors to selflessness -- which is the root of some kind of happiness that is real and that you can hold on to . That 's the point . CNN : Some might say it 's a bit easier to have that opinion when the surface looks so nice . Gere : Yeah , but nobody looks in the mirror and goes , "  Oooh , nice ! " CNN : Really ? I might argue that point . Gere : Nobody . Nobody . Look , I 've been married to two of the world 's most beautiful women , and I never remember them looking in the mirror and going , "  Oooh , you look good . " It 's all relative . CNN : There 's a theory that the grumpy old men in the academy are jealous of matinee idols , like you , Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt , and that 's why you do n't win Oscars . It 's only when you cross over behind the camera like George Clooney , Clint Eastwood and Robert Redford that they take you seriously . Have you heard of that ? Gere :  Laughter  No . CNN : What would it mean to you to be nominated for your performance in "  Arbitrage " ? Gere : It would feel great , of course . Everyone wants to feel appreciated . I like the movie , and I think Nick Jarecki , who wrote and directed it , did a really great job . I 'm happy with my performance in it . I do n't think any actor is ever totally delighted with what they do , but you get easier on it later . CNN : You 've accomplished so much , but do you still dream and set goals for yourself ? Gere : I 've never wanted for something and then was able to make it happen . Life does n't really work like that . I think the process of getting older is just to let it happen . While you 're focused on trying to make something happen , you 're missing out on so many other things around you . So I think in my own case the process of maturing is to just be more open -- to feel the whole thing .	Richard Gere 's career spans four decades He 's starred in blockbusters such as "  Pretty Woman " and "  An Officer and a Gentleman " The actor has n't won an Oscar but recently scored a Golden Globe nod for "  Arbitrage "
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Anti-apartheid campaigner Helen Suzman , twice nominated for a Nobel Peace prize , died Thursday at her home in Johannesburg , South Africa . She was 91 . Helen Suzman , pictured at her Johannesburg home in November 2007 . Suzman , a constant thorn in the side of South Africa 's apartheid governments , was one of the leading white opponents of the segregationist regime and the only opposition lawmaker for 13 of the 36 years she served in parliament . She was particularly instrumental in exposing the indignities of the pass laws , which curtailed the movement of black South Africans . The Nelson Mandela Foundation , in a statement Thursday , called Suzman "  a great patriot and a fearless fighter against apartheid . " Send your tributes to Helen Suzman . The African National Congress  ANC  , the ruling party in South Africa , also paid tribute , saying : "  As a member of parliament and a vocal critic against apartheid , the ANC remembers and respects the contribution of Suzman towards the demise of apartheid . " Suzman told CNN in an interview in 2008 that she was "  persistent " in her fight against the injustices of apartheid and used her position to constantly ask uncomfortable questions . Watch Suzman 's fight against apartheid . " "  I used to put 200 questions a session , " she said . "  They were all of course designed to expose the atrocities . I made good use of my parliamentary position . " A hugely influential advocate for prisoner 's rights , Suzman was one of the first people to visit future South African President Nelson Mandela in jail on Robben Island in 1967 , shaking hands with him through his cell bars . "  I knew immediately that this was a man of considerable courage , " she said . Suzman continued to work for his release , visiting him frequently in the 27 years he was imprisoned . Mandela and Suzman remained friends after his release in 1990 , often having lunch at her home in Johannesburg , where she said she would serve him "  his favorite dish , oxtail . " After she retired from parliament , Suzman continued to play an active role in South Africa 's new democracy and was honored by numerous prestigious universities , with 27 honorary doctorates from Cambridge , Oxford , Harvard , Yale and Columbia among others . In a nod to Suzman 's tenacity and legendary sense of humor , the Helen Suzman Foundation Web site writes that one "  honor " Suzman was "  inordinately proud " of was being declared an "  Enemy of the State " by Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe in 2001 . Suzman 's family has said that there will be a private funeral this weekend , to be followed by a memorial service in February .	Apartheid foe Helen Suzman campaigned for release of Nelson Mandela Constant opponent of South African apartheid regime protested against pass laws For more than a decade she was the only opposition member of parliament Suzman 's family says that there will be a memorial service in February
CNN  -- A maverick Chinese artist has filled the main hall in London 's famous Tate Modern art gallery with 100 million sunflower seeds . Around 150 tons of seeds have been used to make an inches-thick carpet that visitors to the gallery will be encouraged to play in and crunch under foot . The enormous installation , which opens Tuesday , is the work of artist Ai Weiwei , known as China 's "  Andy Warhol . " The work is the 11th commission in the internationally acclaimed Unilever Series at the gallery , an annual series kicked off in 2000 by Louise Bourgeois 's spiders and mirrors . Ai 's seeds are porcelain , each one individually handcrafted by laborers in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen . Each tiny piece has been individually molded and hand-painted , according to the gallery . Sunflower seeds are a popular Chinese street snack and one of the country 's most famous exports , according to the gallery . But they hold greater significance for Ai , who spent his childhood in Xinjiang as the son of a celebrated poet exiled by the Chinese communist government during the Cultural Revolution . He told CNN : "  It was very poor and rural there , we had nothing else to enjoy . Sunflower seeds were something basic that everyone could have . Every holiday , wedding or even just going to the movies , we would all share sunflower seeds with one another . I think it 's a very common , very inconspicuous object , but it also has a special relationship to our daily lives ... Of course , during the cultural revolution we all knew that the Sun symbolized the leader , and sunflowers represented the people . So I think these seeds carry multiple meanings . " Ai is a well-known and controversial figure in China , probably best-known today for the design -- in collaboration with Herzog & de Meuron -- of Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " stadium , built for the 2008 Olympics . Shortly after , Ai -- who is one of China 's leading social activists and bloggers -- distanced himself from the Olympics calling for a boycott and saying the Chinese government was using them as propaganda . In the 1990s , Ai came to international attention when he helped establish the avant-garde East Village in Beijing where a group of artists took up residence in impoverished migrant workers housing on the city 's outskirts . It became a mecca for radical Chinese contemporary artists like Ma Liuming . Other notable large-scale artworks that have filled the Tate Modern 's Turbine Hall include Carsten Hollers ' slides which had visitors shouting with excitement as they slid down ; Olafur Eliasson 's giant projection of the sun in "  The Weather Project " and a huge crack in the floor courtesy of Doris Salcedo 's "  Shibboleth . "	Visitors encouraged to play on crunchy carpet of seeds Eleventh commission in acclaimed Unilever Series Ai famous for co-designing Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " stadium Also well-known blogger and outspoken critic of Chinese government
CNN  -- Socks . They 're just not for feet anymore . Apparently they make pretty tasty snacks too , if you 're not too discriminating and you happen to be a 3-year-old Great Dane . Just do n't eat too many . And by too many , 43 would be a good example . "  We opened up his stomach and kept removing sock after sock of all different shapes and sizes , " Dr. Ashley Magee at DoveLewis Animal Hospital in Portland , Oregon , told CNN affiliate KGW . The super-sized pooch had shown a hankering for socks before , but the extent of the problem was n't apparent until he got sick and the X-rays showed the contents of his belly . Oh , and those X-rays even impressed the experts . The vet clinic submitted them to the annual "  They Ate WHAT ? " contest at Veterinary Practice News and won the $ 500 third prize , losing out to a frog who gobbled up 30 rocks from the bottom his cage and a German shorthaired pointer who swallowed a metal shish kabob skewer . The Great Dane is doing just fine . He was home a day after his surgery . So far , no reported sock incidents . But should he return to his sock habit , his owners can only hope that this too shall pass . My dog eats rocks , and other strange things CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	The veterinarian removed "  sock after sock " from the dog 's stomach There were 43 socks inside the 3-year-old Great Dane The dog had eaten socks before The amazing X-rays of the socks in the dog 's belly won 3rd place in a contest
CNN  -- A 12-year-old boy should get a say in whether he gets circumcised , the Oregon Supreme Court has ruled . The court sent the parental custody dispute back to the trial court "  to resolve the factual issue whether M agrees or objects to the circumcision . " "  M " is the child at the center of a long-running custody dispute between James and Lia Boldt , who divorced in 1999 . Soon after , the father began studying Judaism and later converted . He also started teaching his son about the faith . By then , James had parental custody and told his ex-wife the boy would convert as well , and that to do so , he would have to have the circumcision procedure . The mother objected , saying the child had been raised in the Russian Orthodox faith while the couple was married . Because the two sides disagreed , and were living in neighboring states , the conflict dissolved into ongoing personal and constitutional dispute . James Boldt said that as a Jew and the primary caregiver , he has a First Amendment right to practice his faith as he sees fit for his child . Lia Boldt countered her son does not want to go through with the circumcision , and that it is an invasive , irreversible , and potentially dangerous medical procedure . The state high court seemed especially reluctant to address the issue , saying normally such disputes "  are considered private family matters . " But the justices noted "  these parties can not or will not resolve this matter without resort to the courts . " So rather than offer a definitive ruling , the justices ordered both sides to go to the actual source of the conflict . "  In our view , at age 12 , M 's attitude regarding circumcision , though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here , is a fact necessary to the determination " of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure , wrote Chief Justice Paul De Muniz for the six-member panel . "  Forcing M at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between M and his father , and could have a pronounced effect on father 's capability to properly care for M. " There was no initial reaction to the decision from the parents or their attorneys . The case is James Boldt v. Lia Boldt  S054714  . E-mail to a friend	Case part of parental custody dispute Father converted to Judaism after splitting with wife Father wanted son to convert after getting custody Russian Orthodox mother says son does n't want procedure
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police in India have charged 63 people with murder in the beating death of a company boss who fired them . Labor minister Oscar Fernandes was criticized for saying Chaudhary 's death was warning to management . The 63 were among 137 people police had rounded up by Wednesday -- two days after a mob of fired employees attacked L.K. Chaudhary , the chief executive of an Italian car parts manufacturing company . The others were charged with disturbing the peace in the Monday incident in Noida , located in the outskirts of the capital New Delhi . More arrests are likely , said R. K. Chaturvedi , the senior superintendent of police in Noida . The former employees of Graziano Transmissioni had gone to meet with company management over their reinstatement , said Noida police Inspector Manoj Pathak . The meeting turned violent , and the mob attacked Chaudhary with iron rods , Pathak said . On Tuesday , India 's labor minister , Oscar Fernandes , drew sharp criticism after he said Chaudhary 's death should serve as a warning to management , according to CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN . "  The workers should be dealt  with  with compassion and should not be pushed so hard that they resort to whatever that had happened in Nodia " CNN-IBN quoted Fernandes as telling reporters . The minister later apologized , telling CNN his comments had been taken out of context . He said the murder of the boss could never be justified . The Italian Embassy said the company had , for several months , been facing "  violent forms of protest by self-proclaimed workers ' representatives . " "  The situation had been repeatedly brought to the attention of the competent Indian authorities , both at central and local level , " it said in a statement . Business groups condemned the killing with the Confederation of Indian Industry calling it "  tragic , unwanted and gory . " "  Such instances of industrial violence can not be a solution to any problem and must not be tolerated , " said Salil Singh , chairman of the group that promotes industrial growth . Meanwhile , authorities sought to appease businesses that police were aggressively investigating the case . "  The legal course will be followed and all culprits brought to book , " Commerce Minister Kamal Nath said . "  This stray tragic occurrence would not be allowed to mar India 's position as an investment-friendly destination . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Police in India charge 63 people with murdering company boss who fired them Mob of fired employees attacked chief executive of Italian car parts company India 's labor minister apologizes for saying death is warning to management
CNN  -- A veteran airport screener at New York 's JFK Airport has been charged with grand larceny after he allegedly stole two iPads that were planted in a checked bag as part of a police sting . Port Authority police initiated the sting after passengers complained of electronic devices being taken from luggage . While the case highlights a recurring problem of theft at Transportation Security Administration checkpoints , one law enforcement official said it illustrates an even bigger threat . "  If they  an unscrupulous employee  can be taking stuff out of bags , what can they be putting in ? That 's a serious issue , " said the official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to talk about the case . TSA screeners at LAX arrested on narcotics trafficking charges In the JFK incident , there was no suggestion that anything other than attempted theft was involved . Police said a "  decoy bag " was placed among checked luggage at Terminal 4 at JFK on Tuesday . Police later stopped the screener as he was leaving work on board the airport 's AirTrain system . In his backpack , police found the two planted iPads that had been in the decoy bag . They also found in his possession other electronic devices and earphones that had been reported stolen from luggage , and additional stolen items in his home . Oakland traveler arrested for watch ` art ' that TSA thinks is timing device Port Authority police identified the man as Sean Henry , 32 , of Brooklyn , and said he had been a TSA screener for 10 years . Henry is charged with three counts of grand larceny , one count of petty larceny and official misconduct . Efforts by CNN to reach Henry were unsuccessful . TSA spokesman David Castelveter said the individual , who he did not name , "  is being processed for removal from TSA . " "  TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace , " Castelveter said . TSA chief a ` no-show ' at congressional hearing	Port Authority police set up a sting at New York 's JFK Airport Passengers were complaining of electronic devices being taken from luggage Two iPads were planted in a checked bag as part of the sting A TSA screener was arrested after , police say , the iPads were found in his backpack
CNN  -- After 21 years of arrests with a side of wisecracks , Detective John Munch will retire Wednesday night on "  Law and Order : SVU . " Richard Belzer debuted the role in January 1993 , with NBC 's "  Homicide : Life on the Street . " Never the star , but usually the character with the best lines , Munch survived the cancellation of that show -- and much more . Between the reprisal of the role on various "  Law and Order " spin-offs and his many guest spots in character , Belzer parlayed Munch into one of the longest running roles in TV history . As Munch , Belzer appeared on FOX 's "  The X-Files " in 1993 , HBO 's "  The Wire " in 2002 and shows like "  Arrested Development , " "  The Beat " and "  30 Rock . " Munch appeared in nine different television shows , and that does n't even include the time "  Sesame Street " turned Munch into a muppet to solve alphabet-related crimes in the Special Letters Unit , or when he popped up on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " Of course , the irony is if you were to design a character who would run for more than two decades on television , you probably would n't create someone like Munch . The original character , like much of "  Homicide , " was at least partially based on a real-life detective , but Munch was given an edge by comedian-turned-actor Belzer . The always anti-establishment Belzer brought a counterculture element to the police precinct with the offbeat detective . The romantically challenged , conspiracy theorist , temperamental Munch was a cop concerned with civil rights and a penchant for self-deprecation . Not your typical TV fare . Which is probably why he endured all these years . Belzer has been enjoying the attention his character 's retirement is getting . He 's been tweeting out his thanks , saying , "  Am I one of the luckiest actors in the world or what ? Between my loving fans and an adoring press-I am virtually speechless . " Though he 's not sure he 'll be able to watch Munch 's retirement episode because he 'll be too emotional , he 's helpfully suggesting his fans play a drinking game in which they take a swig every time someone says his character 's name during the show . Fear not , Munch fans , this is n't completely the end of the line . Belzer is expected to have a cameo or two on "  SVU " and another crossover opportunity could present itself down the road .  FOX 's police comedy "  Brooklyn Nine Nine " seems like a great choice , and it stars former "  Homicide " castmate Andre Braugher  . At least for one more night , the streets are safe .	Detective John Munch will retire on "  Law and Order : SVU " Richard Belzer debuted the role in January 1993 The character has appeared on multiple TV shows
Decatur , Georgia  CNN  -- LaShonda Durden had just given birth to her second child . She was two weeks back from maternity leave when her supervisor called her into her office . "  You need to be trying to find other employment , " her manager said . A bereavement coordinator and chaplain at an Atlanta , Georgia-area hospice , Durden suddenly found herself coping with the grief of being unemployed . Sixteen months later , she 's still out of work . "  It 's a vicious cycle , " she says . Durden is not alone . She is among the 16.5 percent unemployed African-Americans -- almost twice the rate of unemployment for whites . The figure was included in a new report released Wednesday on the state of black America by the National Urban League . The report presents other sobering statistics on the nation 's racial divide on economics , education , health , civic engagement and social justice . Among them : The median household income for blacks stands at $ 34,218 ; for whites , it 's $ 55,530 . Less than half of blacks own a home compared to three quarters of white families . Blacks are more than three times as likely to live in poverty . In addition , black-owned businesses represent a paltry 5 percent of privately owned companies , and the study says more are needed to help spur job growth in minority communities . The Obama administration , the study suggests , has taken measures to improve the gap between whites and blacks , although it says more is needed . The report says legislation needs to focus on minority job training , tax incentives and extensions for unemployment benefits . Andrew Grant-Thomas , the deputy director of the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity , says he believes the statistics for unemployed black Americans is far greater than what 's being reported . The figures do n't include people not actively seeking employment or people with higher education degrees forced to take jobs for which they 're overqualified . "  The disparities are definitely huge and that number understates the size of the disparity , " he says . "  You want to take that number and double it . " "  This recession is even bigger than Katrina hitting New Orleans , " he adds . "  Yes , everyone got hit , but not everyone was hit equally as hard -- and should n't we invest in those hit the hardest ? " The faces of the statistics On Tuesday , Durden went to Java DeLight Cafe , in a predominantly African-American suburb of Atlanta . She goes there to network and search for jobs via the Internet over its WiFi connection . The cafe is owned and operated by Patricia Setzer , an African-American who opened the establishment in 2008 . She says she can relate to many of her customers . Days after she opened her business , her husband was laid off . It took him eight months to find a new job . "  We literally just went without for awhile , " she says . Setzer hopes her cafe can serve as a networking hub . She calls it "  the cultural meeting place . " If her regular customers do n't return for weeks , she wonders if they 've succumbed to hard times : "  When they 're not here , I 'm thinking about them . " "  We want people to come here and meet and enjoy themselves , " Setzer says . To that end , she 's organizing a job club at her cafe -- a place to host unemployed Americans  of any ethnicity  and give them hands on training , from resume help to how to dress for interviews . Barbers and hair stylists will be on hand for those who need fresh cuts . As a business owner , Setzer is a minority in a minority : Just 5.2 percent of small businesses in the U.S. are black-owned . "  We 're all struggling , whether you 're white , black or green , " says Setzer as she flips turkey patties . "  You 've just got to hold on . " On this day , Diane Ridley Roberts , president of a management consulting firm , worked from her laptop inside the cafe . Unlike other businesses that are n't hiring , she says she 's having trouble finding qualified people . Ridley Roberts , an African-American , says there is no homogenous state of black America . "  To say we 're all in one boat is a little naive , I think , " says the owner of Global Evaluation & Applied Research Solutions . But she adds that there are common experiences that only black Americans can fully relate . Even in 2010 , she says , she feels she has to doubly prove herself when she is awarded a contract . "  There are certain judgments , ideas and perceptions about me when I walk into the door as someone 's consultant , " she says . "  It is what it is . " An unexpected job interview Sipping coffee at a table in the cafe , Durden talks about all manner of difficulty -- from her work as a hospice chaplain to her own layoff and struggle . She 's turned her joblessness into action : She volunteers monthly to help the homeless . It 's a reminder , she says , that her family "  could be worse off . " "  And that 's the blessing for me -- just knowing that I am sustained , " she says , "  that even if the bottom falls out , God still has us in His hands . " She sends out her resume at least three days a week . She attends job fairs about every two weeks . Those get discouraging , she says , with 400 people jockeying for one position . She holds a sociology degree from Georgia State University and went on to seminary school . At this point , she 'll take anything to help her family . And that 's another part of the job hunt . She 's overqualified for many positions and often wonders : "  Do I dumb down my resume ? " "  I have a passion to help people do better than they 're doing now , regardless of where they are in life , " she says . "  I just love people . " As for her African-American roots , she says , "  It means I expect to excel in what I do because I know who my foremothers and forefathers are . "  Being black in America right now , for me , it means hope . It means keeping that hope when some others may not be able to . " Durden piqued the interest of one person in the cafe . Overhearing Durden 's story , Ridley Roberts asks if she has a resume . Durden pulls out her flash drive and downloads a copy . The two then leave the cafe . The impromptu job interview is Durden 's best lead in a while . That 's the life of the jobless : Networking and constantly searching , even on the fly . CNN 's Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	National Urban League report focuses on state of black America African-American unemployment is double rate of whites , report finds Median household income for blacks stands at $ 34,218 ; for whites , it 's $ 55,530 "  The disparities are definitely huge , " expert says
CNN  In Uganda , more than 28 million people in the country are without electricity . To put that into perspective , the entire population of the beautiful landlocked east-central African nation is less than 38 million people . To tackle energy poverty , many entrepreneurs are increasingly devising innovative solutions to explore feasible alternative power options . One of them is Rose Twine . Having grown up in both urban and rural areas of Uganda , Twine knew first hand the challenges faced by many homes when it came to cooking a simple meal . A passionate environmentalist , she decided to do something about it . In 2009 , she teamed up with her brother to found their Kampala-based company with their flagship product : the "  eco stove . " The siblings ' green oven uses a type of volcanic rock combined with solar power to act as the fuel for the kitchen appliance . Cook food , charge your phone "  The whole point was to ... reduce deforestation , as well as the chores involved in finding firewood for the local person who ca n't access electricity or gas , " explains Twine . The stove has an internal air system that helps heat up the volcanic rocks , which are ready to cook when they turn bright red in color . When the device is switched off , the rocks cool and return to their natural state until the next use . Meanwhile , solar panels on the appliance charge up and help provide additional heat to the stove . Alternatively , Twine explains , the appliance can also be used to provide an additional light source , charge cell phones , play a radio or even iron clothes through steaming . At the moment , the most common solid fuels for cooking and heating homes in Uganda are firewood and charcoal , both of which release thick , acrid smoke into the household . This exposes residents to a number of respiratory health problems -- the World Health Organization estimates that 4.3 million people die annually as a result of hazardous household air pollution . As the Ugandan capital of Kampala continues to flourish more people are choosing to relocate to the city . But an increasing population also means more man-made health factors . Societal problems include extra trash and traffic , which in turn add to the worsening air pollution . Outside of the city , in rural areas , the once green and fertile forests are disappearing at an alarming rate . Deforestation has seen the country lose two thirds of its forests between 1990 and 2005 making it harder for villagers to find wood for burning . Twine hopes her product will provide users with immediate environmental , social , health and economic benefits once they have upgraded their existing kitchens with her eco-alternative . Part businesswoman , part eco-warrior She says : "  Everybody says I want  the eco stove  because charcoal is expensive , firewood is hard to find , electricity is very expensive and its not reliable . " Surrounded by countless families facing these hardships of accessing sustainable energy everyday , Twine made it her mission to provide a reliable fuel source through her social enterprise startup . It 's a vision that has proved fairly popular as more Kampala residents adopt this eco-friendly way of cooking . But Twine explains it usually requires a live demonstration of the product to clinch the sale . "  This is a new innovation in the continent that a lot of people need more understanding . It 's not something that you can go on TV and say ` this a stove here that will solve all your cooking challenges . ' No ! "  That 's why we are always cooking beans  outside the store  . You need a lot of stuff on site to be able to demonstrate for anybody who comes in , because it 's not something somebody is going to read about it and say ' a stone that cooks and lasts two years ' and believe in it . No -- they want to see . " It 's still early days but the sustainable business has seen some local success in promoting renewable energy -- a cause of great importance to Twine . And it 's this passion that spurs the environmental entrepreneur onwards . She explains : "  Believe in the dream  and  I think you 'll go all the way . Once you believe in it it 's easy to transmit the same passion and the same conviction to the person who is going to buy into it . "  Once you believe in what you 're doing , do n't be distracted and do n't even be discouraged . " Read this : African entrepreneurs get billionaire boost Read this : Bamboo bikes change the face of transport in Ghana Read this : The life-saving backpack that doubles as a light More from African Start-Up	Access to electricity across Uganda is fairly limited or not accessible Combined with lack of firewood and expensive gas prices , many homes are struggling with energy resources Rose Twine founded Kampala-based business , Eco stoves , a heating appliance using volcanic rock and solar power The oven also doubles as an alternative energy source and can power radios , charge phones
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A former astronaut who was accused of assaulting a romantic rival in the parking lot of the Orlando airport will avoid prison after pleading guilty to lesser charges as part of a plea agreement . Citing Lisa Marie Nowak 's lack of a criminal history , Orange County Circuit Judge Marc Lubet sentenced her to a year of probation . She was given credit for the two days she served in the county jail after her arrest . Nowak , 46 , must also perform 50 hours of community service and have no contact with the victim in the case , former Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman . She must also send Shipman a letter of apology within 10 days , "  a sincere letter of apology , not one of these vanilla things that I see from other defendants , " Lubet told Nowak . "  It 's been almost three years since the events took place that caused this nightmare for Ms. Shipman , and you are 100 percent responsible . " In addition , Nowak must complete an eight-hour anger management course within her first 30 days of probation , Lubet said . Nowak told the judge she had undergone counseling for 1 1/2 years and the counseling is complete , so the judge said he would not order more . Lubet said he was treating Nowak as any defendant would be treated , saying he doubts any judge would send a defendant to prison on a first offense . Shipman delivered an emotional victim statement before Nowak 's sentencing , telling the court she remains convinced Nowak planned to kill her . "  Shortly after I turned 30 years old , Lisa Nowak hunted me down and attacked me in a dark parking lot , " she said , adding that she is "  still reeling from her vicious attack " and attempting to piece her life back together . "  The world as I knew it before Lisa Nowak is gone , " Shipman said . "  Every stranger I see is a potential attacker . Going out in public is exhausting . " She said she has undergone nearly three years of counseling , but suffers from nightmares , anxiety and health problems such as high blood pressure and chest pains because of the incident . Nowak initially was charged with attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon . If convicted , she could have faced a sentence of up to life in prison . Prosecutors accused Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston , Texas , to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from the airport 's baggage claim to the parking lot in February 2007 . Nowak 's attorney , Don Lykkebak , has denied that she wore the diapers . Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein . But Shipman , in her comments Tuesday , called that claim "  at best , ridiculous , " saying that Nowak , whom she did not know , had ample opportunity to talk to her , as she "  stealthily followed me for hours . " "  I 'm a very friendly person , your honor , " Shipman said , adding that she would have welcomed Nowak 's company "  over some hot chocolate , while I was waiting for my suitcase to arrive . " She recounted the incident and her terror as she realized Nowak was following her in the dark parking lot , as she could hear the swishing of Nowak 's pants as she walked . She said she sprinted to her car , and Nowak attempted to open the car door and beat on her window , then spun a tale of being a helpless traveler who was afraid of being in a dark parking lot . Shipman said she cracked her window , and Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray . "  She blasted me with what felt like acid , " Shipman said . " ... I stomped on the gas and wondered if there was a gun pointed at my head . " At a hearing in November 2007 , Orlando Police Detective William Becton testified that in a search of Nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport and its layout , a buck knife and papers , including a letter Nowak appeared to have written to Oefelein 's mother . He testified he found used and clean diapers in the car . Police previously had said they also found a BB gun , a steel mallet , a 4-inch knife and rubber tubing in the vehicle . Shipman said Tuesday she thought she had escaped a carjacking . "  I had no idea that a highly paid , high-ranking military officer had just attacked me . " When she found out she had been attacked by a "  sister in arms , " she said , she was heartbroken . Shipman said the resulting media attention and scrutiny has placed additional stress on her and her family . Before sentencing , Nowak turned to Shipman and apologized . "  I am sincerely sorry for causing fear and misunderstanding and all of the intense public exposure that you have suffered , " Nowak said . "  I hope very much that we can all move forward from this with privacy and peace . " Lubet said he accepted her apology as sincere , but in sentencing her he noted that he was certain her conviction would affect her Navy career and retirement . Still , the judge told Nowak , "  you brought this on yourself , and I do n't have any sympathy for you in that respect . " Shipman has left the military and Oefelein has left the astronaut corps , and the two live in Anchorage , Alaska , where they run a company called Adventure Write as freelance writers and photographers . People.com reported in July the two were engaged . Lubet also ordered Nowak to stay away from Oefelein after Shipman alleged in her remarks she found a book with suggestive notes inside that Nowak had sent Oefelein after the incident despite a no-contact order . "  No books , no messages , no poems , nothing , " Lubet said . "  It 's not a problem , " Nowak responded . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Lisa Marie Nowak , a former astronaut , accused of assaulting a romantic rival Florida judge sentences Nowak to year on probation , community service Prosecutors say she drove 900 miles in diapers , wore disguise , followed woman through airport
CNN  -- U.S. naval forces hunting pirates off Somalia detained six people this week who appeared to be pursuing a commercial shipping vessel , but soon released them because of a lack of evidence . A Yemeni Coast Guard boat patrols the Gulf of Aden for pirates who threaten shipping . The Navy said on Saturday the six matched the description of suspected pirates aboard a skiff in the area . The naval crew saw the men throwing objects overboard before they picked up the suspects . Investigators did n't say what was thrown overboard but said the evidence was not sufficient "  to hold the suspects for prosecution . " The detentions reflect the aggressive U.S.-led fight against piracy . The United States is spearheading an international naval task force in the waters off Somalia that launched in February after a rash of attacks . Participating ships are patrolling more than a million square miles of water , an area about four times the size of Texas , Navy officials have said . The Navy said it arrested the six on Friday after responding to a distress call from the Philippines-flagged MV Bison Express in the Gulf of Aden , between Yemen and Somalia . The ship , a livestock carrier , reported a small skiff containing six heavily armed pirates was pursuing it . The guided-missile cruiser USS Gettysburg arrived and found a skiff matching the description . A Seahawk helicopter flew from the Gettysburg over the skiff and reported seeing objects being thrown overboard , the Navy said . A team from the Gettysburg boarded the skiff , along with members of the U.S. Coast Guard Legal Detachment and detained the six suspected pirates . The U.S. officials transferred the suspects onto the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer , the flagship for the international anti-piracy task force , the Navy said , before releasing them . The attack on the Bison Express was the second one Friday on commercial shipping vessels in the Gulf of Aden , the Navy said . In the first incident , pirates attacked the MV Sea Green , which managed to fend them off by firing flares as the men approached , the Navy said .	U.S. military ship captures skiff off Somalia coast Skiff matched description of commercial ship 's pursuer Navy lets men go for lack of evidence ; saw suspects throwing stuff overboard U.S.-led international naval effort patrols a million square miles in Gulf of Aden
CNN  -- Search teams looking for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 are investigating a number of sounds detected by ships in the southern Indian Ocean , authorities said Sunday , but it 's not yet clear if any of them are from the missing plane 's so-called black box . A British Royal Navy vessel is on its way to an area where a Chinese ship reported picking up electronic signals twice , once on Friday and again on Saturday , said Angus Houston , the head of the Australian agency coordinating search operations . And the Australian naval ship Ocean Shield , which has highly sophisticated equipment , is pursuing "  an acoustic noise " that it detected in a different area , Houston said at a news conference . He said the detections were "  an important and encouraging lead , " but he cautioned that they be treated "  carefully " as they have n't been verified as being related to Flight 370 . Fevered search Searchers are desperately seeking any clue about the location of the airliner that disappeared nearly a month ago with 239 people on board . Up to 10 military planes , two civil aircraft and 13 ships will assist in Sunday 's search for the airline . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority  AMSA  plans to search three separate areas Sunday about 2,000 kilometers  about 1,240 miles  northwest of Perth . That area totals about 216,000 square kilometers  83,000 square miles  . Australian planes are being deployed to the area where the Chinese ship , Haixun 01 , picked up signals that would be consistent with those emitted by an aircraft 's flight recorders , said Houston , the chief coordinator of Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre . A number of white objects were sighted about 56 miles  90 kilometers  away from where the sound was detected , he said . But he stressed that were was so far no confirmation that the signals and objects are related to Flight 370 . "  In the days , weeks and possibly months ahead , there may be leads such as the one I 'm reporting to you this morning on a regular basis , " Houston , a retired air chief marshal , said . Handheld hydrophone Video on Chinese state-run CCTV shot Saturday shows crew members from the Haixun 01 boarding a small yellow dinghy and using what appears to be a handheld hydrophone . The three men on board lower the device into the water on a pole . The handheld ping-locating technology used by the Chinese ship is not as versatile as a U.S. Navy towed locator , which goes as deep as 20,000 feet , far from surface noise , according to experts . The U.S. Navy hydrophone -- or underwater microphone , is on board the Australian ship Ocean Shield , which recently joined the search for Flight 370 . The state-run Chinese news agency , Xinhua , said a detector deployed by the Haixun 01 patrol ship picked up the signal around 25 degrees south latitude and 101 degrees east longitude . That puts it about 1,020 miles  1,640 kilometers  west-northwest of Perth , Australia , between current and previous search zones , and about 220 miles  354 kilometers  south of the closest of the three areas searched Saturday , said Judson Jones , a meteorologist with CNN International . Houston said Sunday that the sounds were detected "  in the high probability area . " White objects spotted Also found Saturday -- spotted by a Chinese air force search plane -- were white objects floating near the search area . Investigators have failed to link any of the many previous sightings of debris to the missing plane . But the proximity of the two finds raised hopes that this time might be different . The ship first detected a signal Friday but could n't record it because the signal stopped abruptly , a Shanghai-based Communist Party newspaper said . The signal detected Saturday , the Jiefang Daily said , occurred at 3:57 p.m. Beijing time  3:57 a.m. ET  and lasted about a minute and a half . It was not clear whether the signal had anything to do with the missing plane . A China Central Television correspondent aboard the Haixun-01  pronounced "  high shuen "  reported that the 37.5 kHz signal was detected for a minute and a half . Fleeting acoustic Houston confirmed the two separate detections and said they showed "  some promise . " But the signals picked up by the Chinese searchers were "  fleeting acoustic events , " he said . "  It 's not a continuous transmission . If you get close to the device , we should be receiving it for a longer period of time . " The signal "  is the standard beacon frequency " for the plane 's cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder , said Anish Patel , president of pinger manufacturer Dukane Seacom . "  They 're identical . " The frequency was chosen for use in the recorders "  to give that standout quality that does not get interfered with by the background noise that readily occurs in the ocean . " But he said he would like to see more evidence . "  I 'd like to see some additional assets on site quickly -- maybe some sonobuoys , " he said , referring to 5-inch-long sonar systems that are dropped from aircraft or ships . And he said he was puzzled that only one signal had been detected , since each of the recorders was equipped with a pinger , which is also called a beacon . No confirmation Other experts cautioned that no confirmation had been made that the signal was linked to the missing plane . "  It ought to be easy to rule it in or rule it out , and they ought to go do it , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . Saturday 's leads came as concern was rising that the batteries powering the missing Boeing 777 's locator pingers would soon go dead . The plane disappeared on March 8 ; its batteries were guaranteed to work for 30 days underwater , and are predicted to die slowly over the following days . Monday marks day 30 . The batteries on Flight 370 's black boxes were due to be replaced in June , the Malaysia Airlines chief executive said Saturday . "  We can confirm there is a maintenance program . Batteries are replaced prior to expiration , " Ahmad Jauhari Yahya said . Relative reacts The tentative nature of the first report of an acoustic signal was not lost on one Chinese relative of one of those aboard . "  There is not confirmation , and we are all waiting patiently , " the relative told CNN Producer Judy Kwon in a text message . Still , Malaysia 's acting transport minister , Hishammuddin Hussein , was sanguine : "  Another night of hope-praying hard , " he tweeted in response to the initial detection . "  We 've had a lot of red herrings , hyperbole on this whole search , " said oceanographer Simon Boxall , a lecturer in ocean and earth science at the University of Southampton . "  I 'd really like to see this data confirmed . " If this proves to be what investigators have been searching for , "  then the possibility of recovering the plane -- or at least the black boxes -- goes from being one in a million to almost certain , " he said . But , he added , "  It could be a false signal . " CNN aviation analyst David Soucie was less skeptical . "  This is a pinger , " the airplane accident investigator said . "  I 've been doing this a lot of years , and I ca n't think of anything else it could be . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Laura Smith-Spark , Tom Cohen , Miles O'Brien , Pam Boykoff , David Molko , Will Ripley , Ingrid Formanek , Kevin Wang , Ben Brumfield , Pam Brown and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : A Chinese ship picked up a signal on Friday and Saturday , authorities say NEW : An Australian naval vessel is pursuing a more recent detection in a separate location NEW : An official calls the sounds "  an important and encouraging lead " but urges caution Up to 10 military planes , two civil aircraft ,13 ships will assist in Sunday 's search
CNN  -- A B-2 stealth bomber crashed early Saturday morning local time in Guam , according to the Air Force . A B-2 stealth bomber taxis at Andersen Air Force Base , Guam , in a 2005 photo . Two pilots who were aboard during the crash , at Andersen Air Force Base , ejected from the bomber and were in good condition afterward , according to an Air Force statement . The pilots were from the 509th Bomb Wing . The military did n't release their names . Emergency responders were on the scene of the crash . A board of officers will investigate its cause . The crash is the second in three days of an Air Force craft . Watch smoke rise from crash site An Air Force fighter pilot was killed Wednesday after two F-15C jets collided during a training exercise over the Gulf of Mexico . The planes were from the 33rd Fighter Wing , a combat-flying unit out of Eglin Air Force Base near Pensacola , Florida . E-mail to a friend	Air Force says 2 pilots in good condition after ejecting from plane Emergency responders on scene of crash at Andersen Air Force Base Crash is the second in three days involving an Air Force craft
CNN  Most days , 16-year-old Jason Zobott walks into Huntley High School in suburban Chicago around 7:30 a.m. like any high schooler might . It 's what he does the rest of the day that 's not so typical . Zobott is enrolled in Huntley High 's blended learning program , which merges Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . One-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled . In 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students . "  Having to work online makes it really accessible to do the work that I have to get done , " said Zobott , a top-ranked junior who balances a heavy load of extracurricular activities with schoolwork . "  I can learn on my own . I can work at the pace I want to work . And I learn the way I want to learn . " Huntley High School students and educators often refer to the program simply as "  blended . " It allows teachers to write the curriculum , with students giving feedback about the focus . Unlike many traditional online learning programs , students have the option of a flexible schedule during allotted blended learning days . Some days they meet with teachers , and some days they work online , according to Anne Pasco , who heads the school 's educational technology efforts . "  In blended learning , we focus on the content . We do n't focus on needing to cover X amount of material , " Pasco said . "  Blended allows us to provide a stable environment that gives students the ability to spread their wings a bit , while we have the safety net of pulling them back into class if they need it . " The "  homegrown " program , which launched in 2011 , gives students who struggle in certain content areas more one-on-one time with teachers during the school day , Pasco said . "  Before blended , that had to happen after school or before school or on Saturday or maybe not at all , because we had too many other activities that encroach upon  students '  academic day , " Pasco said . "  Now , this student can work one-on-one with that teacher during the school day . " Teachers can monitor students ' progress and track lesson plans online to see how much time students spend on a specific assignment . Teachers are allowed to restructure the class schedule based on students ' needs . "  There 's actually much better accountability , " said John Burkey , the superintendent for Huntley High 's school district , which includes about 9,500 students . "  Blended learning is not a panacea , and the success of the program is n't about spending a bunch of money on technology . Rather , -LSB- it 's -RSB- looking at what students actually need , and building a culture of innovation to meet those needs . " Burkey said there were plenty of questions about blended learning when it was first introduced to the Chicago district in 2011 . One concern : How was the district going to pay for it ? It turns out the blended learning program spends about $ 8,500 per student , less than the Illinois average of $ 12,000 per student . "  We spend considerably less than the average school district . We do n't have a lot of resources compared to many districts , " Burkey said . "  We did not put new money into this . What we did is change the old things we were doing and changed them into new ways . It 's really a change in how you think of high school . This is not a more expensive option . " It has worked . In a study published in 2014 in eLearn magazine , 92 % of students surveyed at Huntley High said that they were satisfied with the blended learning experience , and no teachers reported negative experiences with it . The school is also seeing higher standardized testing scores . "  The growth of blended certainly has corresponded with an overall rise in ACT scores , " district spokesman Dan Armstrong said . Since blended learning was implemented , Huntley High 's average composite ACT score has gone up nearly a point , from 22.1 to 23.0 . For 16-year-old Zobott , the advantage is time management . Three of his courses are advanced placement . He also plays varsity basketball and club soccer and works part time . The blended learning program helps him better prioritize his busy schedule . "  Having blended gives us time to work on them , and get stuff done efficiently so we have more time during the week to do other things , " he said . What 's still left to be determined about blended learning is how well students do in college or jobs after they graduate , Burkey said . "  I think we 're still in the infancy of this , " Burkey said . "  It 's still such a new thing , and we 're all excited about it . My own kids are still in elementary and middle school , so they have not done blended learning yet , but they definitely will when they get to high school . "	Huntley High School in Huntley , Illinois , offers a blended learning program It allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instruction
Americans love beef ; we eat nearly 63 pounds per person each year . Although that 's a lot , the amount is down from our 1976 high of 89 pounds . When buying beef , we tend to stick to what we know , which may be why almost 60 percent of our beef dollars go for ground beef . Even as an experienced chef , I often brought home familiar cuts . But researching my book , "  Field Guide to Meat , " led me to expand my repertoire to tasty , if less familiar , cuts like hanger steak and tri-tip . Soon you can do the same , knowing which cuts to choose for maximum flavor and nutrition . A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein and is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . Beef Background Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago . Columbus first brought cattle to the New World , and by 1690 , descendants of Columbus ' cattle ranging in Mexico were driven north and became known as Texas Longhorns . Others arrived later with the colonists . America 's top five cattle breeds are Angus from Scotland , Hereford from England , Limousin from France , Simmenthal from Switzerland , and Charolais from France . More than 90 percent of the beef we buy originates in America , while most of the rest is Canadian bred . The beef we eat comes mostly from 18 - to 24-month-old steers , averaging about 1,000 pounds , and yielding about 450 pounds of meat . Each is divided for wholesale into eight primals  major portions  : the chuck  shoulder and upper ribs  , the rib , the loin , the sirloin  hip  , the round  upper leg  , the brisket  breast  , the plate  belly  , and the small flank . Organs like liver and kidneys are called variety meats . When evaluating your choices at the grocery store , here are a few key terms and facts to know :  Grain-finished : Nearly 75 percent of U.S. beef comes from cattle fattened on grain  usually corn  for three to six months in feedlots . Since corn is not a natural part of a cow 's diet , cattle fed on it may experience stress and other ailments , so they are routinely treated with antibiotics . They also receive growth hormones to increase their size  and value , as beef is sold by weight  . Until recently , inexpensive corn has helped keep down the price of beef .  Grass-finished : Grass - or pasture-finished beef comes from cattle that forage on grasses and legumes . Their meat is lower in saturated fat , cholesterol , and calories than grain-finished .  Because it is quite lean , cook rare to medium-rare for juiciness .  Grass-fed beef has a distinct flavor , often described as bold , complex , and gamy . Many people believe that grass-fed cattle are a more sustainable choice . However , raising grass-fed cattle is time-consuming and requires large open spaces , variables that raise its price . Most is imported from Canada , followed by Australia , New Zealand , Argentina , and Brazil .  Aging : Dry-aging is the traditional process preferred by many steak lovers . The concentrated , intense flavor of dry-aged beef develops as it hangs in special temperature - and humidity-controlled rooms from 10 days to six weeks . The longer the aging , the better the flavor and tenderness , but also the more the shrinkage as water evaporates and a dark crust develops , which must be cut away . About 90 percent of American beef is sold as large vacuum-packed cuts . During the average seven-day period the beef spends "  in the bag , " it ages in a process called "  wet-aging . "  Processing and packaging : Until the 1960s butcher shops bought beef as half - or quarter-carcasses . Packers then began selling vacuum-packed beef , the same large cuts sold at warehouse club stores . Retailers refrigerated the boxes until needed , then opened the package and cut the meat into portions for sale . Next came case-ready meat , which precluded the need for skilled butchers on-site in markets . Leak-proof and easily stackable , case-ready packages are produced in USDA-inspected plants and have a longer shelf life . Packages covered with a sealed layer of clear plastic are modified-atmosphere packages , which have a gas-filled space inside to help preserve freshness and color . Nutrition  Fat content : The USDA defines "  lean beef " as having less than 10 grams  g  of total fat , 4.5 g or less of saturated fat , and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol per 3 1/2 - ounce serving  100g  of cooked beef . Half of the fat is saturated and half is heart-healthy monounsaturated . There are 29 naturally lean cuts of beef , including many familiar to Cooking Light readers , such as tenderloin , flank steak , and sirloin , as well as five lesser-known cuts . Others , such as ribeye or chuck roast , naturally contain more fat , although it is similarly divided between saturated and monounsaturated . Because lean beef contains less fat , it 's best cooked to medium-rare  145 F  or medium  160 F  to optimize tenderness . If using fattier cuts , slice away the outer rim of fat and cut or pull out any pockets of fat before cooking . For larger cuts , allow the fat to baste the meat while cooking , then trim away before eating , or skim it from the surface of braised dishes or stews .  Other nutrients : A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein -- more than half of the 50g recommended daily in a 2,000-calorie-per-day diet . All beef is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . In general , the redder the meat , the more iron it contains  beef liver has the most  . Beef also contains thiamin , riboflavin , and niacin and is a rich source of B12 , found naturally only in animal foods . CookingLight.com : Fat and Ground Beef At the Market  Inspection and grading : USDA inspectors examine all live animals and beef shipped out of state , which encompasses most of today 's supermarket beef . Grading is voluntary and done by the same inspectors . The more marbling -- the small white flecks of fat within the muscles -- the higher the grade . Three grades of beef are sold to consumers . Only three percent is highly marbled Prime , sought after by top steak houses and butcher shops . About 57 percent is moderately marbled Choice , the most common supermarket grade . The remaining 40 percent is lean Select .  Private labels : Supermarket chains and large food distributors also have developed private brands with their own specifications . The first such program began in 1978 with Certified Angus Beef , which must come from Angus cattle . Niman Ranch Natural Beef and Certified Hereford Beef are two others .  Natural and Organic : Beef labeled "  natural " must not contain any artificial ingredients and can not be more than minimally processed , such as ground beef . "  Organic " beef must come from cattle raised and certified according to the USDA 's National Organic Program . Organic cattle must be fed 100-percent organically and without antibiotics or hormones . Both natural and organic beef can be either grass - or grain-finished . Ways to Save  Buy lean cuts . Often , leaner cuts are cheaper than fatty ones . And when the fat cooks away , lean cuts provide more meat for your dollar .  Buy in bulk . Large or family-sized packages cost less per pound than smaller packages . Divide into portions , and freeze the surplus .  Be your own butcher . Beef that has been presliced into steaks or made into patties costs more than less processed meat . Buy bigger cuts , and do some of the preparation work yourself . CookingLight.com : Beef on a Budget  But do n't go overboard . Advice to buy a side or quarter of beef may seem sensible , but you 'll likely have more meat than you can store . Such a purchase may yield what one buyer describes as "  cheap steak and expensive hamburger . " For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago Americans today consume nearly 63 pounds of beef per person each year Most of us tend to stick with beef cuts we know
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group claimed Wednesday it sabotaged oil pipelines in the country 's oil-rich southern Niger Delta , but the country 's military denies the assertion . File image of armed MEND militants in Niger Delta region of Nigeria The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said in an e-mail message to reporters that the "  major Shell and Agip crude trunk lines in Bayelsa state " were struck . "  The Agip pipeline which connects the Agip Brass terminal was sabotaged at Nembe creek while the Shell Nembe creek line was done at Asawo village , " MEND said . Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline and Agip could not be reached for comment . Rabe Abubakar , spokesman for the Nigerian military 's Joint Task Force , said "  the militants are telling lies " and "  there is no iota of truth in what they are saying . " Their claims against the Shell pipeline "  are not true , " Abubakar said , explaining that explosives were hurled at the pipeline but the explosion was limited and it did not destroy the line . "  There was an attempt by them to blow up an Agip pipeline around 3 a.m. , but the soldiers protected the place and the militants fled , " Abubakar said . Explosives were found on a well and an explosives expert was brought in to remove them , he added . MEND -- which has declared an "  all-out war " on the government -- demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . But fighting has continued despite Nigerian President Umaru Yar ` Adua 's recent call for an amnesty for the militant groups , an offer that stays open until October 4 . Under the amnesty proposal , militants must hand in their weapons and take part in government rehabilitation programs . Also on Wednesday , the military said three people were seized for trying to blow up a pipeline at the Forcados River . But MEND said the military "  arrested two repentant armed youths who approached them to take advantage of the government 's amnesty offer . " "  We are learning that there are about 11 of such cases currently languishing in detention inside the JTF headquarters in Warri , " MEND said . Last month , Amnesty International said that pollution and other environmental impacts from the oil industry in the Niger Delta are creating a "  human rights tragedy " in which local people suffer poor health and loss of livelihood . Governments and oil companies are failing to be accountable for the problems , Amnesty said in its report , called "  Petroleum , Pollution and Poverty in the Niger Delta . " Covering 46,500 square miles  75,000 square km  , the Niger Delta is about the same size as the Czech Republic , according to the United Nations Development Programme . An area of rich biological diversity , the region contains the world 's third-largest wetland with the most extensive freshwater swamp forest , according to the UNDP . More than half the area contains creeks and small islands , while the rest is rain forest , the UNDP says . At the same time , the Niger Delta produces the oil wealth that accounts for the bulk of Nigeria 's foreign earnings , the UNDP says . Earlier this week , MEND said its fighters had blown up an oil pipeline and captured six crew members of a chemical tanker . MEND is now saying it has released the ship and the military says it secured the vessel . It is not clear whether the three Russians , two Filipinos and the Indian seized remain in custody . MEND told CNN that "  to their knowledge , " the crew is no longer being held hostage . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigerian militant group says it struck Shell and Agip crude trunk lines Shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the Nembe creek pipeline Army spokesman : "  No iota of truth in what they  militants  are saying " Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta at war with government
CNN  -- Months before my son was born , I began searching for a nanny . The prospect of leaving my first child home with a stranger while my husband and I worked was n't ideal , but the only day care center in our neighborhood had a year-long wait list and our families were n't in a position to help . Entrusting Jake , now 12 , to a babysitter seemed like our only option . The catastrophic story unfolding in New York City of a nanny who has been arrested for stabbing to death two young children she was paid to care for is unimaginable for any parent . While I could never have envisioned anything as demonic as what 50-year-old Yoselyn Ortega is now accused of , I was anxious in those early weeks nearly every morning before I left for work : Would our new nanny shake my son if he cried ? Would she scald him accidently , even intentionally , when she bathed him ? I was so concerned that my husband and I installed nanny-cams around our apartment and hired a private company to perform criminal background checks . The Krim family likely followed their own safety checklist and never could have anticipated such a horror either . Their tragedy highlights the question turning in the pit of every parent 's stomach : Is my child truly safe with this woman ? Ms. Ortega was hardly a stranger to the husband and wife who hired her . On the mother 's blog  which has since been taken offline  she apparently wrote about spending more than a week visiting with her nanny 's family in the Dominican Republic . "  We spent the past 9 days in the Dominican Republic . We spent half the time at our nanny , Josie 's sisters home in Santiago , " she reportedly wrote . "  We met Josie 's amazing familia !!! And the Dominican Republic is a wonderful country !! More pics to come !! " As soon as I heard news of this story , it reminded me of the New York Times Magazine piece written by Lisa Belkin in 2007 about her babysitter , Noreen . Noreen Mulholland cared for Lisa 's two sons , but went on to become a nurse in Ireland who was later convicted of assaulting two patients , poisoning one of them . One day when Lisa 's son was 5 , he confided in her that he did n't want Noreen to come anymore . "  Noreen scares me , " Alex told her . Alex was never hurt , but her son 's words and her nanny 's reaction to them made Lisa start thinking that something was n't quite right with Noreen . How can any family really know all there is to know about their nanny ? Nanny - cams ca n't see into a person 's soul and mental illness wo n't necessarily show up on a background check . I asked New York State 's Office of Children and Family Services what parents can do during a nanny search to make the best  and safest  choices . The agency recommends obtaining a prospective caregiver 's school records , criminal history , credit background and driving record . New York parents have access to this information in part because of Kieran 's Law , passed in 1998 and named for Kieran Dunne , a 10-month-old boy who died in 1993 after a nanny threw him across a room . While all of the above might be helpful , the guidelines seem utterly toothless in the face of the evil we 've seen in New York . The Krims could have done everything in their power to investigate their nanny before hiring her -- and none of the research could have predicted a mental snap of such massive proportions . My son grew up unscathed and developed a loving relationship with our nanny . And two years later when our daughter was born , our nanny was still with us , providing love and much-needed support . Clearly we were lucky . The opinions expressed are solely those of Allison Gilbert .	A New York nanny was arrested for allegedly stabbing two children to death Allison Gilbert describes her fear when entrusting her children to a nanny Background checks are a good idea but ca n't guarantee a child 's safety
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Spain remain top of the world rankings for the ninth straight month , according to newly released standings by FIFA , the world game 's governing body . European champions Spain are ranked No. 1 by FIFA in their world rankings . The European champions have not lost a game since going down 1-0 in a friendly to Romania in Cadiz in November 2006 . They top their 2010 World Cup qualifying group , with four wins from four games , and have only conceded one goal in their last 10 internationals . No team can compete with that record and Spain are placed at No. 1 for that reason . Their rankings are based on team performances over the last four years , with more recent results and more significant matches being more heavily weighted to help reflect the current competitive state of a team . Yet fans all over the world have long questioned how much can be read into the rankings . After the 2008 African Cup of Nations , US-based football columnist Ives Galarcep wrote : "  Do n't try making any sense of these rankings . After all , Egypt , which just won the African Cup of Nations for a second straight time , is ranked 29th , fourth best among African teams . " Do you think FIFA 's rankings count for much ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below . For example , France , who reached the World Cup final in 2006 are down in 12th , while England , who failed to even qualify for Euro 2008 , are ninth . Furthermore , Les Bleus were at their lowest-ever standing in the rankings in April 1998 , when they were down in 25th . Three months later , they lifted the World Cup . From 2001-06 , Mexico were anchored in the top 10 , at one point as high as fourth , which left many European fans wondering how that was possible . They were ahead of many a supposed European powerhouse , such as Portugal . Not only did the Iberian country reach the final of Euro 2004 , they also made the semi-finals of the World Cup in Germany two years later . Mexico were even in the same group as Portugal at the World Cup and finished five points behind them in second place . In the round of 16 Mexico fell to skilful but flawed Argentina side . Surely the yardstick is the planet 's biggest tournament ? There is luck involved , of course , as it 's knockout football , but the best teams overall tend to go through . FIFA 's suggestion that Mexico were once the fourth-best team in the world does not seem to add up . And to suggest that throughout this period they were better than Portugal does not ring true -- not when performances on the pitch indicate otherwise . Other ranking systems , compiled by football statisticians , have been founded as an alternative to FIFA 's , which began in 1993 . Criticism that calculating rankings over an eight-year period was unrepresentative of a team 's recent performances led to FIFA revamping their system after the last World Cup . "  The increasingly high profile of the world ranking has also brought a certain amount of criticism that its calculation formula is too complicated . It was therefore decided in 2005 to revise the ranking in order to simplify the way in which it is calculated , " according to FIFA.com . Before that there were even more glaring anomalies than today : Norway were twice ranked second in the table in the 1990s and the United States were fourth two months before the World Cup in 2006 . At the tournament , the Americans went home early after picking up one point and two goals in their three group games , which made a mockery of such a high placing . As of March 2009 , Brazil and Argentina are the only non-European teams in the top 10 , Cameroon  16  are the highest African nation , the United States are 17th , while Australia are the top Asian nation at 32 . But regardless of your opinions of the rankings , they are here to stay . And Spain deserve respect for becoming only the sixth team after Germany , Brazil , Italy , France and Argentina to top them .	Spain remain top of FIFA 's world rankings for the ninth month in a row FIFA revamped their ranking system to make it more representative in 2006 Football fans are still unsure about how accurate the rankings are
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan 's robust economic recovery this year could put an end to a deflationary spiral that has sapped growth for some 14 years , says the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development  OECD  . In its annual economic outlook , the OECD projects Japanese consumer prices will begin rising modestly by the end of this year , with the inflation rate reaching 2.4 % by the end of 2014 . "  Aggressive monetary easing could see deflation give way to moderately positive underlying inflation in Japan , " the report said . In recession as recently as last year , Japan 's economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 % in the first three months of 2013 , much quicker than the 2.7 % expected by analysts . The brighter economic outlook stems largely from reform efforts launched by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe -- a set of policies dubbed "  Abenomics . " As part of a three-pillar strategy announced in January , Japan has ramped up government spending and the country 's central bank is injecting money into the economy on a massive scale . It hopes to bring the inflation rate to 2 % and put to an end to a downward drift in consumer prices that has persisted for 14 years , undermining business and consumer confidence in the world 's third largest economy . The moves have led to a rally in the Nikkei stock index and a slide in the yen that has made corporate Japan more competitive overseas . Also promised are structural reforms such as increasing the participation of women in the workforce . "  Reflecting a determined policy approach , the economic outlook has changed markedly in Japan in recent months , " the report said . However , the OECD warned that Japan 's economic recovery was "  surrounded by uncertainty " given the country 's high debt levels , which amount to more than 200 % of gross domestic product  GDP  . "  In Japan , the key risk is that the unsustainable fiscal position will eventually affect financial markets and provoke a crisis of confidence , " the report said . "  Bringing the debt ratio back to safe levels from its current highs will be exceptionally challenging . "	OECD says consumer prices in Japan will begin rising later this year Economy has suffered a 14-year downward drift in prices Reforms launched by new leader Shinzo Abe are boosting economy OECD warns that high debt levels pose an "  exceptional challenge "
CNN  -- A month after defending the health care law , the Obama administration again confronted the buzz saw of skeptical Supreme Court justices on Wednesday -- this time on immigration . But come November , Republicans may very well be on the losing end of the argument . As has been widely reported , oral arguments regarding Arizona 's SB 1070 illegal immigration law began with an unusual interruption : Chief Justice John Roberts broke in during U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli 's opening comments to ask assertively , "  No part of your argument has to do with racial or ethnic profiling , does it ? " And , while it is difficult to predict how the justices will rule , Justice Sonia Sotomayor signaled the tough road ahead when she said of the administration 's argument , "  You can see it 's not selling very well . " But in the court of public opinion , Arizona 's SB 1070 law has stirred the fastest-growing electorate in the nation : Latino voters , who made up 7.4 % of all voters in 2008 . Republicans are in serious trouble . Co-authored by one of Mitt Romney 's informal advisers , signed into law by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , and touted by Romney endorsers , SB 1070 is the gum sticking to the presumptive nominee 's general election shoes . And President Obama knows it . In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine , Obama said , "  I do n't think that their nominee is going to be able to suddenly say , ` Everything I 've said for the last six months , I did n't mean . ' " The mind-boggling part is that Romney knew branding himself as an anti-immigrant firebrand was going to present a problem in the general election . But instead of moderating his approach -- as Republican strategists implored -- he doubled down . Guided by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , who is co-author of SB 1070 , Romney endorsed the concept of "  self-deportation " of undocumented immigrants while trying to talk about the Latino community 's economic needs . He went even further by saying he would halt lawsuits against SB 1070 "  on day one " of his presidency -- surely agitating thousands of Latino voters in Arizona in the process . No voter is going to listen to Romney 's economic message if he wants the voter 's mother to "  self-deport . " Political common knowledge suggests the Republican candidate needs at least 40 % of the Latino vote in order to hang drapes at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . In fact , Latino , Asian and other new immigrant voters may well provide the margin of victory in Arizona , Colorado , Nevada , Florida , North Carolina and Virginia . What 's a candidate for president to do ? Regardless of the Supreme Court 's decision , the Obama re-election campaign would like to believe SB 1070 opens the floodgates for the madre of all get-out-the-vote efforts . But leading an administration that has detained and deported a record 1.2 million people , the president has a trust deficit of his own . Obama needs to use the powers granted to the executive branch to fully implement new guidelines that prioritize immigration enforcement resources . The only way he can make up for Democrats ' inability to deliver immigration reform is to take decisive action and continue to deport people here illegally who mean to do us harm -- but stop deporting landscapers , nannies and their hardworking families . Clearly , Romney has the bigger challenge . He can not smile and nod his way out of this problem , as he tried to do at a recent meeting with Hispanics in the Phoenix area . To a former University of Arizona president 's question about the DREAM Act , Romney responded , "  Thank you . Appreciate it , thank you . " To earn anywhere near a winning percentage of Latino votes , Romney must redirect citizens ' frustration with the broken immigration system away from SB 1070 and its copycats , and join Republicans such as Jeb Bush , John McCain and Lindsey Graham , all of whom have called for immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship for the undocumented . For political cover , Romney can look to a growing alliance of conservative faith , business and law enforcement leaders working together across the country to forge a new consensus on immigrants and America . If Republicans fail to appreciate the anger and frustration of new American voters and their allies who want pragmatic immigration solutions , a different buzz saw -- one of electoral justice -- will decide their fate come November . And it will not be pretty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	The Supreme Court heard oral arguments about Arizona 's immigration law Ali Noorani : Arizona 's law matters to the fastest growing electorate , Latino voters He says it 's mind-boggling that Mitt Romney is still an anti-immigrant firebrand Noorani : If GOP ca n't come up with smart immigration policy , it will suffer in fall election
CNN  -- Gunmen attacked Christians worshipping on a Nigerian university campus on Sunday , with witnesses reporting multiple explosions and gunfire . The number of casualties was not immediately clear . Professor A.B. Baffa said he was at home on the campus of Bayero University in the city of Kano when he heard the gunfire and explosions . When he went to see what was going on , he said he saw people fleeing and saying gunmen attacked areas where Christians were worshipping . The gunmen began their attack around 8:30 a.m. , targeting a lecture hall normally used by Christians for Sunday services , journalist Salihu Tanko reported from the scene . "  Reports say that they came in one vehicle and they also came on the bike and started shooting sporadically and at the same time threw about four or five small locally made bombs , " Tanko reported . Baffa said police have closed off the area . The attack happened while the university is on a break , so most of the students are not on campus , Tanko said . Britain 's Foreign Office said it had received reports of an explosion and gunfire at Bayero University and that the incident may be ongoing . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : The number of casualties is unclear NEW : The gunmen targeted a lecture hall used by Christians for worship NEW : The gunmen opened fire and threw four or five bombs , a journalist says A university professor says he heard gunfire and multiple explosions
Washington  CNN  -- Astronaut Mark Kelly said Friday his wife 's extraordinary medical progress since she was shot through the brain , coupled with support from family , friends and the public , were keys to his decision to command the upcoming flight of the space shuttle Endeavour . During a press conference with NASA officials -- who said they determined going with Kelly was the right decision -- the husband of U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords described what he thought the realities would be after the January 8 shooting in Tucson , Arizona , and what he now expects . "  At that time , my thought was I 'd very likely would be sitting in the ICU seat , two , four or six months later , by her bedside , " said Kelly , sporting a blue wristband that reads "  Peace , Love , Gabby . " Now , he said , Giffords is making progress every day in speech , occupational and physical therapy . He expects her to witness Endeavour soaring into space on the current April 19 timetable . "  Absolutely . I have every intention for her to be at the launch , " said Kelly . Command of the shuttle flight came under question after Giffords was shot . "  She would be very comfortable with the decision I made , " Kelly said at a Friday afternoon press conference . Kelly spent the days after the shooting at his wife 's hospital bedside , and NASA had named a backup shuttle commander for the mission . "  We are very , very thankful of the progress Gabrielle has made over the past few weeks , " said Brent Jett , chief of Flight Crew Operations Directorate at NASA . "  I know there are millions of people praying for her and I think that helps , " Kelly told reporters . NASA officials said they spent much of this week observing Kelly doing a simulated week of training in Houston . They said they are confident he will be able to complete the training and not be distracted by his wife 's extensive rehab . The decision followed consultation with doctors and weighing the risks of putting Kelly back as commander . "  Space flight is a risky business , " said Kelly . "  So is being a member of Congress . " Kelly repeatedly declined to detail his wife 's progress , saying it leads to constant speculation on her prognosis , and he would not disclose how she was able to articulate her support for his resumption of training Monday . "  I know my wife very well , " he said . "  I know what she would want . " On Thursday , Kelly spoke at a National Day of Prayer event in Washington , his first trip away from Houston . "  We thought it would be a good chance for him to see what it would be like to be away from Gabrielle , " Jett said . Giffords is being treated at the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research  TIRR  at Memorial Hermann in Houston . The six hours of therapy each day is keeping the congresswoman busy , Kelly said , and he has asked her mother to be his medical liaison while on training in Florida and during the two-week flight . "  I am looking forward to rejoining my  fellow  crew members and finishing our training for the mission , " Kelly said in an earlier statement . "  We have been preparing for more than 18 months . ... I appreciate the confidence that my NASA management has in me and the rest of my space shuttle crew . " Kelly said he will be able to communicate with Giffords during the mission by e-mail and telephone . He is hopeful she will be able to see him during a video conference during the trip . The astronaut added he is able to "  compartmentalize " stress and will remain focused . In the end , the decision to put Kelly back on the team came down to what 's best for the flight , Jett said . "  It 's really as simple as that , " he said . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I have every intention for  Giffords  to be at the launch , " Kelly says Astronaut Mark Kelly will command Endeavour 's upcoming flight Kelly 's shuttle mission is set to launch on April 19 NASA named backup commander for Endeavour mission after Kelly 's wife was shot
CNN  -- British graffiti artist Banksy has launched an art exhibition in Bethlehem that he hopes will focus attention on the poverty of the West Bank and draw tourists to the traditional birthplace of Christianity . A Palestinian man walks by Banksy 's camel , painted on the security barrier near Bethlehem . As part of the project , Banksy has adorned the controversial security barrier around the West Bank town with spray paint and plaster works of art in a comment on the Israel-Palestinian conflict . Israel says the purpose of the barrier is to prevent terrorist attacks being launched from the West Bank . Palestinian leaders however say the barrier amounts to an illegitimate land grab by Israelis , setting unilateral borders for an eventual Palestinian state . The new exhibition , called "  Santa 's Ghetto Bethlehem 2007 , " is a collaboration by artists who say they are trying to revitalize tourism to Bethlehem and "  offer the ink-stained hand of friendship to ordinary people in an extraordinary situation . " Banksy 's sketches on the security barrier flow towards Manger Square , across from the Church of the Nativity , where Christians believe Jesus was born . His images include a dove wearing a bullet-proof vest , a young girl in a frilly pink dress frisking a soldier and a donkey being checked for its identity papers . According to the Web site for Santa 's Ghetto , Banksy thought he was making an ironic commentary with the donkey picture , but locals told him the animals are frequently asked for ID papers . Santa 's Ghetto typically operates during the month of December out of a small store on Oxford Street in London , where underground artists showcase their work . Banksy , who started the initiative six years ago , says : "  I felt the spirit of Christmas was being lost . It was becoming increasingly uncommercialized and more and more to do with religion , so we decided to open our own shop and sell pointless stuff you did n't need . " His exhibition in Bethlehem is rife with the same satirical sentiments . Beyond the barrier graffiti , the work of Santa 's Ghetto 's diverse artists spread across three floors of a building in Manger Square . Inside , examples include a painting by Palestinian artist Suleiman Mansour in which a man carries the city of Jerusalem on his back , and London artist Peter Kennard 's montage of dollar bills printed on pages from the Jerusalem Post . Proceeds from Santa 's Ghetto sales go to charity . Little is known about Banksy other than that he was born in Bristol , western England . Collections of his original work , which attract the likes of Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt , have sold for more than $ 1 million  almost # 500,000  . Banksy 's previous political statements have included hanging a picture of a cave man pushing a shopping cart in the British Museum and placing a doll of a Guantanamo Bay detainee in Disneyland . The doll was removed , but the "  primitive " portrait became a part of the British Museum 's permanent collection . Tourism -- even in the traditional Christmas peak season -- has been hard hit in recent years with Israeli checkpoints keeping most of the local Palestinians in and all but the most determined tourists out . As a result levels of unemployment are high . Speaking through the Web site , Banksy says tourists need not fear visiting the West Bank . "  It would do good if more people came to see the situation here for themselves . "  If it is safe enough for a bunch of sissy artists then it 's safe enough for anyone . " E-mail to a friend	Graffiti artist Banksy uses Bethlehem security barrier as his latest canvas His exhibition , "  Santa 's Ghetto , " aims to bring visitors to the West Bank Banksy 's identity is kept secret , adding to his allure
CNN  -- In a long line at an airport security checkpoint , the man in front of me wearily reached into his travel cases and began to unload his electronic gear into the gray plastic bin . He had his laptop computer , two cellphones , a Kindle reading device and some sort of digital music player , each with its own power cord . He probably did n't need to throw the cords and chargers into the bin with the other devices , but he did anyway . So , with all the devices and cords piled on top of each other , the bin moved along the conveyor belt . The TSA agent standing watch asked the business traveler to put some of the gear in separate bins . He complied . I said to him : "  Did you ever see ` Goldfinger ' ? " "  The old James Bond movie ? " he said . "  Sure . " "  You know that scene where Q , the equipment master , outfits Bond for his upcoming secret agent assignment ? " "  Yes , " the guy said . "  Why ? " "  Who do you think carried more electronic equipment ? " I said . "  You , or Bond ? " He laughed , and then set off to retrieve his digital arsenal . I thought about him last week , when millions of Gmail users found out that , without notice , they were temporarily cut off from Google 's e-mail service . Perhaps you were one of them -- one of the millions who , for part of last Tuesday  the outage was said to be for more than an hour  , were unable to send or receive letters on your Gmail account . And if you were among them , did you find yourself becoming annoyed , irritated -- maybe , against your better judgment , a little panicked -- or was there a part of you that felt oddly , secretly relieved ? Did it feel like a snow day -- like getting an unexpected vacation from constant digital dutifulness ? Google at first said the glitch affected "  less than 2 percent " of the users of the service ; later the company revised that estimate : "  We 've determined that this issue affected less than 10 % of the Google Mail users who attempted to access their accounts during the affected timeframe . " Ten percent would seem to be a relatively small portion of users . But it has been reported that Gmail -- which is provided at no cost to those who use it -- is utilized by some 350 million people worldwide . So if 10 percent of them could not send or receive e-mails , that , potentially , could be as many as 35 million people . It 's at times like these that we can stop and think about how accustomed we have become to assuming we can always be reached on every one of the multiple digital pathways we choose to use . That assumption has become , if not exactly a birthright , an acquired right . And when we are reminded that we really do n't know very much at all about how all of this works , and that we can be cut off from it for reasons just as enigmatic and unexplained as are the electronic mysteries that bring it to us in the first place ... . Well , once the Gmail service was up and running again last week , this is what the cartoonist Brian McFadden sent out in a Twitter message to his friends and followers : "  In hindsight , gnawing off my foot while Gmail was down might 've been an overreaction . " What I often think about when stories like the Gmail outage or cellphone disruptions pop briefly into the news is the World War II guys who , for four years and more , never once heard the voices of the people they loved : their wives , their parents , their children . Four years away from their homes in the United States with only the most sporadic of overseas mail delivery , no phone calls at all , having to accept on faith that the people who meant the most to them were doing all right . Yet somehow , in the long silence , they made it . Most of them . There 's no reason at all to mourn for the pre-digital days ; they were isolating and could be awfully lonely , and the long silence is never coming back . But today , whenever there is an unanticipated short silence -- cell service goes temporarily dead , e-mail or text messaging or social networks cease to function because of an electronic burp somewhere -- it gives us the occasion to reflect upon how quickly we have gotten used to the new way , with our messages coming in and going out continually and seamlessly , day and night . Providing us the promise of never -- allegedly -- having to feel alone . Maybe , if you were one of the people who discovered that , however briefly , your Gmail could not come in or go out , you took the opportunity to discreetly celebrate a little bit . There was a "  Do Not Disturb " sign posted on at least one door of your life , and no one could blame you for not being available . A little silence , digital or otherwise , can at times feel like a treat . Meanwhile , somewhere out there , the tired James Bond business traveler , and all his traveling brothers and sisters , are dumping their electronic sending-and-receiving stations into yet another security-line bin . Silence -- even when it 's welcome -- is ultimately a fickle and fleeting illusion . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says when Gmail briefly went down for millions last week it was like a snow day He says at such moments we realize we rely on the service , know little about how it all works He says he 's reminded of WWII soldiers who could n't communicate with loved ones for years Greene : A little silence , digital or otherwise , can at times feel like a treat .
Washington  CNN  -- ATF Deputy Director William Hoover has resigned , just days after a congressional report on Operation Fast and Furious sharply criticized him and four other ATF officials for the botched gun-trafficking operation . Hoover officially retired from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives on Tuesday , according to two senior ATF officials . Hoover and his boss , Ken Melson , who was acting director of the ATF at the time , were re-assigned last year in a shake-up ordered by Attorney General Eric Holder . Melson remains with the Justice Department . Timeline : Operation Fast and Furious scandal Hoover was serving as an assistant to the new ATF deputy director when he submitted his retirement papers Monday , officials said . A report last week by Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , and Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , laid much of the blame for the failed gun-running probe on Melson and Hoover in Washington , and three ATF officials in Arizona . A detailed investigation by the Justice inspector general is expected later this month , and Holder has vowed that he will take action , if warranted , against individuals found culpable in the investigation . The controversy over Fast and Furious erupted after two of an estimated 1,400 missing weapons lost by the ATF in Mexico , were discovered at the scene of the murder of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . The ATF 's planned sting operation to track weapons illegally purchased by straw purchasers bound for a Mexico drug cartel proved disastrous when ATF agents lost track of hundreds of weapons after they crossed the Mexican border . Holder and his top lieutenants have been on the defensive over the bungled operation that was mounted by one of the Justice Department 's agencies . Holder has forcefully ended the practice of allowing guns "  to walk " in the hands of illegal purchasers with the intent of tracking weapons to cartels .	The ATF 's Operation Fast and Furious lost track of hundreds of weapons in Mexico Two of the missing weapons were found at the scene of a border patrol agent 's death ATF Deputy Director Hoover was among officials criticized by a congressional report Hoover officially submitted his retirement papers this week
CNN  -- An overlooked female pinkie bone put in storage after it was discovered in a Siberian cave two years ago points to the existence of a previously unknown prehistoric human species , anthropologists say . And the lineage of that species may survive today in some people in Papua New Guinea and nearby islands , scientists say . A report on the discovery of the finger was published in the December 23 edition of the scientific journal Nature . Anthropologists say the 30,000 - to 50,000-year-old finger is evidence of a new population of hominids they call Denisovans . The name is derived from the southern Siberian cave in which the finger bone was found . Geneticists say the finger probably belonged to a 6 - or 7-year-old girl . "  The whole story is incredible . It 's like a surprising Christmas present , " said Carles Lalueza Fox , a Spanish paleontologist not involved in the research who was quoted in the online article . The 3 billion-letter nuclear genome derived from the child 's finger shows that the ice-age population of early humans was more diverse than previously thought . Also , a comparison of the genome to modern humans indicates that Melanesian inhabitants of Papua New Guinea and various South Pacific islands inherited as much as 5 percent of their DNA from Denisovans . The genome research was conducted at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany . The Denisovans , the scientists say , were more closely related to Neanderthals than modern humans . The discovery in Siberia suggests they may have lived across a wide swath of Asia and are likely to have intermingled with the ancestors of modern humans who migrated eastward from Africa .	A small bone found in a cave in Siberia could indicate a new species of early humans DNA of "  Denisovans " is found in modern Melanesians The finger belonged to 6 - or 7-year-old girl , anthropologists say
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- The Japanese women 's soccer team won the World Cup after defeating the United States on penalty kicks Sunday night , rallying from a pair of one-goal deficits to capture its first-ever world title . Japan had come into the tournament as sentimental favorites , helping rally a nation that had been devastated by a March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami and nuclear disaster . For the United States , it was more a disappointment -- especially considering that the team twice relinquished leads . While the U.S. had the most chances during the run of play , the Japanese dominated the penalty-kick phase 3-1 to earn the win . The Americans dug themselves a hole by missing their first three kicks . "  We lost to a great team , we really did , " U.S. goalkeeper Hope Solo told ESPN , which broadcast the game . "  I truly believe that something bigger was pulling for this team . " Americans gathered in bars , living rooms and other places rode an emotional roller coaster , their hopes high on multiple occassions only to be dashed in the end . Japanese residents were also glued to their televisions , despite the game starting around 4 a.m. local time . In one Tokyo eatery , for instances , scores adorned in the team 's colors burst out in joy once their team beat the U.S. squad for the first time in 26 tries . The shoot-out was mandated only after Japanese midfielder Homare Sawa scored with a few minutes left in extra time , tying the score 2-2 . Japan answered a U.S. goal -- also in the overtime period -- when U.S. forward Abby Wambach put her team ahead by heading home a pass from Alex Morgan into the back of the net . There were many heroes for Japan . One of them was Aya Miyama , who tied up the score with 10 minutes left in regulation by finishing off a scramble in front of the net . Before then , Japan had its back against the wall after Morgan herself scored the game 's first goal . This came after the Americans controlled much of the early action , but could n't capitalize . In the first-half alone , a U.S. player hit a goal-post , and on another occasion , Wambach rattled the crossbar . Japan also had its own point-blank chance about 30 minutes into the game ; that was saved by Solo , the American goalkeeper . It was more of the same in the second half , with Morgan ringing a ball off the post from several feet away just three minutes in . Then , Japanese goalkeeper Ayumi Kaihori tapped a Wambach header just over the crossbar 15 minutes later . The game -- which began at 8:45 p.m.  2:45 p.m. ET  in Frankfurt , Germany -- capped an eventful tournament that saw a number of favorites including Brazil , Sweden and the host nation of Germany fall by the wayside . The Japanese shocked the host nation in the quarterfinals . In that same round , the U.S. team needed last-minute heroics to beat Brazil and advance . Team USA had been hoping -- and ultimately failed -- to become the first squad to win the women 's World Cup three times , having also captured the title in 1991 and 1999 . Steve Sklar , one of tens of thousands of Americans who watched Sunday 's game , said the U.S. team succeeded in getting many of his countrymen excited about the sport . "  Anything that gets soccer played in the United States is great , " Sklar told CNN from a New York bar , minutes after the contest ended . "  And the fact that so many watched this game is awesome . " While the U.S. team played for bragging rights and to boost the sport 's profile in their home country , Japanese players were hoping to give their citizens something to smile about after this spring 's massive earthquake and tsunami . "  To be in the final is , to be honest , like a dream , " Japanese player Homare Sawa told FIFA before the game . "  We know USA are a great and strong team , but they have weak points , too , and there 's always a chance to score . " The Japanese players had won over their share of fans , with Solo of the U.S. team calling them "  the sentimental favorites " for helping to lift the spirits of their devastated nation . "  They 're playing for something bigger and better than the game , " the American goalkeeper said in a conference call prior to the match . "  When you are playing with so much heart , that 's hard to play against . " The U.S. team , meanwhile , captured the hearts of Americans for its creativity , dazzling plays and free spirit . Their white-knuckle wins kept fans engrossed and revamped interest years after the team 's last win in 1999 , before a packed house at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena , California . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke by phone with the U.S. team Sunday before the game , wishing the players good luck and telling them that America is proud of how well they 've done . "  I just got the highest hopes that this great team , which has shown such resilience , will be coming back and winning for the U.S. , " Clinton told reporters , adding that she plans to watch the game from Greece . Her daughter Chelsea Clinton was among those attending Sunday 's game in Frankfurt , part of a delegation that included Jill Biden , wife of the U.S. vice president . "  This country needed someone to cheer for , " said Cat Whitehill , who played on the last two U.S. World Cup teams , after the game . "  To see the support from so many different people , it 's really neat to see . " The U.S. team was known for its energy , often evident in the locker room where the players were known to sing and dance . On the field , Swedish-born head coach Pia Sundhage said she trained them to play with verve and openness . "  I guess there 's a reason they hired me from a foreign country , " Sundhage said . "  They wanted change . It was risky to make too big of a change because then  the team  would lose a lot of confidence . " The team faced a Japanese squad that was faster and more tactical than most they 'd faced , some American players said . "  They are the biggest surprise in the tournament , " U.S. defender Ali Krieger said of her opponents , prior to Sunday 's match . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. goalkeeper says she feels "  something bigger " was pulling for Japan Both the U.S. and Japanese teams scored goals in extra time , tying the score 2-2 Japan was a sentimental favorite after a devastating earthquake and tsunami The victory gives the Asian nation its first ever World Cup title
New York  CNN  -- New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is asking state legislators to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana that are in public view . Saying the aim was to avoid unnecessary misdemeanor charges against thousands of New Yorkers -- "  disproportionately black and Hispanic youth , " according to a statement from the governor 's office -- the legislation "  brings consistency and fairness " to New York 's marijuana laws . "  There is a blatant inconsistency . If you possess marijuana privately it is a violation , if you show it in public it 's a crime . It 's incongruous . It 's inconsistent the way it has been enforced , " Cuomo told reporters at a press conference in Albany on Monday . In 1977 , New York 's legislature reduced the penalty for possessing 25 grams or less of marijuana to a non-criminal violation carrying a fine of no more than $ 100 for first-time offenders -- as long as the marijuana was in private possession and not in public view . If the marijuana is out and viewable in public -- as it might be when someone is asked to empty his or her pockets during a so-called police "  stop and frisk " -- it becomes a Class B misdemeanor . Selling and smoking or burning marijuana is still a crime , and Cuomo is not suggesting changing that . "  The statute as currently written unnecessarily subjects tens of thousands of people to criminal arrest and prosecution for very small quantities of marijuana , " said New York State Assembly member Hakeem Jeffries . "  The overwhelming majority of people who have been arrested as a result of the way that the statute is currently written come from the black and Latino community , " Jeffries said , adding that statistics and studies show that marijuana possession and use "  is far more racially diverse . " According to data released by the governor 's office , 2,000 arrests for small amounts of marijuana were made in 1990 . In 2011 , over 50,000 arrests were made . Fifty percent of those arrested were under 25 years old , and 82 % were black or Latino . Less than 10 % were ever convicted of a crime . "  The human costs to each defendant charged with a misdemeanor are serious , " said Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. , supporting Cuomo 's proposal . "  The simple and fair change proposed by Gov. Cuomo will help us redirect significant resources to the most violent criminals and serious crime problems , and , frankly , it is the right thing to do . " According to the governor 's office , 94 % of arrests for small amounts of marijuana in the state are in New York City , and Mayor Michael Bloomberg , the New York Police Department and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly have come under fire in recent years for the department 's much-criticized "  stop and frisk " policy . Bloomberg wants to ban large sodas "  Overly punitive charges have a harmful effect on our justice system . They can ruin lives , waste taxpayer money on unneeded trials , and breed distrust between communities and law enforcement , " said Gabriel Sayegh , New York state director for the Drug Policy Alliance . Last year Kelly issued a policy order directing officers to issue violations , rather than misdemeanors , for small amounts of marijuana discovered during street searches , and Monday , Bloomberg issued a statement in support of Cuomo 's comments . "  The governor 's proposal today is consistent with the commissioner 's directive , and strikes the right balance by ensuring that the NYPD will continue to have the tools it needs to maintain public safety -- including making arrests for selling or smoking marijuana , " he said . "  Thanks to the NYPD , our city has come a long way from the days when marijuana was routinely sold and smoked on our streets without repercussions . " At the press conference Monday , Kelly said , "  I was asked to respond to criticism by some members of the  City  Council that the Police Department was making , quote , ` too many ' arrests for small amounts of marijuana . And my response to them , was , ` Well , your option is to go to Albany and get the law changed ' -- better that than having New York City police officers turn a blind eye to the law as it was written , and as it is still written . "	A 1977 law makes private possession of 25 grams or less a non-criminal violation But if the marijuana is publicly visible , the same amount is a Class B misdemeanor Cuomo is asking that small amounts even in public view be decriminalized Selling and smoking or burning marijuana would still be a crime
CNN  -- Although much attention is currently focused on the cases before the U.S. Supreme Court in which same-sex marriage advocates seek to change the definition of marriage , another longtime priority of their movement has been to add "  sexual orientation " and "  gender identity " as protected categories in federal civil rights laws , through the so-called "  Employment Non-Discrimination Act "  ENDA  . Here , "  gender identity " refers not to one 's biological sex , but to whether one feels male or female . One concern about ENDA is its impact on religious liberty . ENDA would effectively forbid employers to consider sexual conduct in evaluating the character of their employees or applicants . Although ENDA contains a limited "  religious exemption , " there remain serious questions as to whether any exemption would be adequate to meet the concerns of people with religious and moral scruples against homosexual conduct . However , focusing only on the religious exemption plays into the false assumption that religious or moral objections to homosexuality are the only reason why anyone objects to this law . What 's most significant about it may not be its impact on homosexual workers or religious employers , or the controversial insistence by LGBT activists that it cover transgender people as well . What really matters is the ratcheting up of federal government interference in the free market . Opinion : No one should be fired for being gay The basic claim of most of the advocates of ENDA is that discrimination is wrong if based on factors "  not relevant to job performance . " But again , the question is who decides what is "  relevant to job performance " -- the individual employer , or the government ? The strong presumption should be in favor of the employer . Of course , federal law already interferes with private employment decisions with regard to a few specific characteristics . The Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on "  race , color , national origin , sex , and religion . " The first four of these are included largely because they are inborn , involuntary and immutable . While sexual attractions may be involuntary , neither sexual conduct nor transgender behavior meets any of these criteria . ENDA would provide fertile new ground for employers to be hit by costly lawsuits as well , with disgruntled employees suing for "  discrimination " over a characteristic  in the case of sexual orientation  which is not even visible and of which the employer may have been unaware . In the case of public employers , such laws at the local and state level have led to large settlements being paid at taxpayers ' expense . Opinion : America is at a crossroads on gay rights Even secular employers have reason to worry about a possible increase in sexualization of the workplace . There is an inherent contradiction in the arguments of the advocates of ENDA , who contend that what they do in private has nothing to do with their work , but then also argue for the right to be "  out of the closet " while at work . The gender identity provisions , meanwhile , undermine the right of employers to impose reasonable dress and grooming standards , by forbidding employers to use the most fundamental standard of all -- that people be dressed and groomed in a way that is culturally appropriate for their biological sex . ENDA prepares the way for a form of reverse discrimination -- against anyone who expresses disapproval of homosexual behavior . The more open homosexuals become , the more people with traditional values will be forced to conceal their views . This can happen even if the employee 's views are expressed outside of work  as happened to Allstate 's Matt Barber , who was fired  , and when no reference is made to sexual orientation  as happened to the City of Oakland 's Good News Employee Association , which was forbidden to speak about "  family values "  . Opinion : Gay people live in 50 Americas Often , social conservatives are accused of trying to "  legislate morality . " Yet ENDA itself is fraught with moral significance . It would be an official government declaration that homosexual behavior is the equivalent of heterosexual behavior in every way , and that those who believe otherwise are "  bigots . " A majority of Americans reject this view .  A poll taken by Public Religion Research Institute in September 2012 showed that 52 % of Americans believe that "  sex between two adults of the same gender " is "  morally wrong , " and only 42 % say it is "  morally acceptable . " ENDA should be opposed by anyone who believes in freedom of speech , freedom of association , and a free market economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Sprigg .	Peter Sprigg : Employment Non-Discrimination Act is fraught with moral and legal problems Sprigg : ENDA could provide fertile ground for employers to be hit by costly lawsuits He says it would allow reverse discrimination against those who disapprove homosexuality Sprigg : ENDA should be opposed by anyone who want a free market economy
New York  CNN  -- Dumpster-lined streets and sidewalks strewn with destroyed art hint at the damage Hurricane Sandy wreaked on New York 's most important art district last week ; but as electricity slowly returns and flood waters recede , the impact of the "  super storm " is still uncertain in New York 's downtown Chelsea neighborhood . "  Chelsea is the center of America for contemporary art , " Zach Feuer , owner of Zach Feuer gallery , told CNN . "  This is a big cultural loss . " The destruction has left the contemporary and modern art world reeling , and as the recovery effort continues the massive creative and monetary toll is rising fast . "  I would not be surprised if , when it 's all said and done , the damage that is done to our art world will be in the hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in unrecoverable work , " gallery owner Leo Koenig said . The storm that broke records -- and hearts What caused so much damage ? When the surge from Hurricane Sandy pushed water levels to record highs on Monday night , flooding from the Hudson River quickly filled basements and street level facilities that are used primarily for art storage and exhibitions in Chelsea . In many cases , precautionary sandbags and sealants were washed away easily , and even works that were elevated high on the wall were soaked by morning . As the storm subsided , gallery owners and managers returned early on Tuesday , but much of the permanent damage had already been done . Gallery owner Derek Eller returned to his building but could n't operate his electric gate because of the power outage . From a back window he was able to see boxes on the ground floor that had floated up when flooding in his 1,800-square-foot basement nearly reached the ceiling . "  It 's a disaster , pieces are lost forever , " Eller said after emerging from his still-soaked basement . "  We have been saving works over the past three days . " Storm victims ' latest adversary : Cold Koenig sealed the bottom of the entrance to his space in preparation for the hurricane . "  My common sense told me that if there was a foot and a half of water standing on 23rd Street , the world was about to end , " he said . But when Koenig opened his doors the following day , water trapped in the gallery all night by the sealant came gushing out onto the sidewalk . While many returned to find their collections in ruins , some witnessed the wreckage as it unfolded . "  The surge came in and broke through the door , and knocked me down , " Silas Seandel , a sculptor who lives above his studio , told CNN . " -LSB- It -RSB- threw me and thousands of pounds of steel , and bronze , and sheets , all the way to the back door . " Remarkably , Seandel was able to return to higher ground and wait out the storm . From Eller 's basement to those barely affected , galleries and conservators seem to agree that the priority right now is recovering as much work as possible and keeping it dry . "  The conservators were here immediately , there are trucks leaving with art constantly to get repaired , " said Feuer , who estimates millions of dollars in damage to his gallery alone . "  The mold is kind of our biggest race , so there 's a speed issue . " Other galleries have had to perform restorations on their own , reaching out to artists and conservators for insight during this crucial time . Marisa Newman , co-owner of Newman Popiashvili Gallery , gathered as much work as she could and raced uptown to her parents ' home on Tuesday , knowing they still had power . Opinion : Sandy shouts climate change "  I used their apartment for art triage , " Newman recounted , "  I brought as much there , and we just cracked open all the frames , got everything out so they would just dry . " Newman is now using the space above her gallery to hold and restore other works . To further assist this process , the Museum of Modern Art and conservators from the American Institute for Conservation Collections Emergency Response Team , are offering official guidelines and "  a free public presentation on recovering wet art and cultural materials , " according to an official release from MoMA . Despite the chaos , this generally competitive community has worked tirelessly to come together and ease the blow that Sandy has dealt , providing each other with generators , food and everything in between . "  This kind of event brings back the human factor to it , " said Emilio Steinberger , senior director at the gallery Haunch of Venison . "  These are artists , these are dealers , people put their heart and soul into the art world and they 're moving to save it , and put things back together . " How to help This sentiment seems to be echoing through the galleries of the damaged neighborhood , and many have been adamant that Chelsea 's art culture will not only recover but maintain its prestigious position within the art world . Seandel , who has worked and held exhibits in the same studio since 1978 , has already insisted that he will repair and refinish all damaged works . "  I 'm 75 years old , but I feel I 've still got a lot of life in me , my work is still in demand all over the world , " Seandel said . "  The thing about the New York gallery community is that it 's an industry full of extremely intelligent , extremely capable people , " gallery owner Cristin Tierney said . "  So , I really believe that as dire as things are now , we 're going to bounce back . " Photos : New York recovers from Sandy CNN 's Crista Giuliani contributed to this report .	One gallery owner anticipates losses to the art world in the "  hundreds of millions " "  Chelsea is the center of America for contemporary art , " another says Flooding from the Hudson River quickly filled basements and street-level facilities Sculptor says he and thousands of pounds of metal were knocked down by the surge
CNN  -- The final game of one of the most memorable matches in Wimbledon history , featuring two fan favorites , took on a life of its own . Back in 2001 -- in the 16th game of the fifth set -- members of Goran Ivanisevic 's entourage asked for divine intervention as the Croatian sought to close out the encounter against Australia 's Patrick Rafter and end years of Wimbledon heartache . Ivanisevic himself asked for help from above , he wanted the same ball when serving , and Australian and Croatian spectators on Centre Court roared encouragement between points to make for a football like atmosphere . Ivanisevic had lost three previous Wimbledon finals and seemed destined to miss out on glory at the All England Club given he had struggled with a shoulder injury earlier in 2001 and contemplated retirement . His ranking of 125th was n't even high enough to land direct entry into the tournament . Wimbledon gave Ivanisevic a wildcard , however , and he proceeded to work his way through the draw with a little help from Wimbledon 's famed and all too frequent rain gods . So there he was against Rafter on "  People 's Monday , " leading 8-7 in the fifth set , four points from winning the most prestigious tennis tournament in the world . No ordinary player -- and character -- one sensed that if Ivanisevic held serve , he would do it the hard way . He had to overcome a resilient Rafter -- and painful memories of defeats to Pete Sampras , twice , and Andre Agassi . It proved to be the case . A forehand volley went long by a large margin for 0-15 . At 15-all , he double faulted . Having hit an ace to get to championship point , he subsequently double faulted again -- by a yard . A second championship point came and went with another double fault , this time into the net , and a third was saved by Rafter with a lob that was good enough against an Ivanisevic too frozen to jump . Rafter finally buckled on a fourth match point , the pressure from Ivanisevic 's destructive serve finally too much to repel . A return sailed into the net and Ivanisevic was the Wimbledon champion and the only wildcard to bag the men 's title at noted postcode SW19 . Dedication to a fallen friend He worked his way into his players ' box and exchanged hugs with his team , which included father Srdjan , who had recently undergone a triple heart bypass . Ivanisevic dedicated the victory to former NBA star Drazen Petrovic , who died in a car accident in 1993 . "  The best moment is when you hold the trophy , " Ivanisevic told CNN 's Open Court before the start of Wimbledon . This year 's men 's final will be played on Sunday . "  I was watching too many guys holding that beautiful trophy . I had this  runner-up  plate at home , " added Ivanisevic . "  It 's a nice plate but you do n't want to have that plate at home . "  Nobody cares for second place . If you want to go back now and think of Wimbledon finalists in the past 15 years , to be honest , I have no idea . " Ivanisevic almost did n't get that far . He trailed Britain 's Tim Henman two sets to one in the semifinals , losing the third 6-0 in about 15 minutes . He was out of sorts . That 's when the unpredictable British weather saved Ivanisevic and hurt the local darling . With Henman holding a 2-1 advantage in the fourth set on the second Friday of the fortnight , rain fell and the contest was suspended . They returned Saturday and Ivanisevic , mentally fresher , claimed the fourth set in a tiebreak . A further suspension ensured the nervy affair had to be completed Sunday , with Ivanisevic eliminating Henman 6-3 in the fifth to disappoint a nation . A Monday final beckoned against Rafter , himself a loser to Sampras -- the king of Wimbledon prior to Roger Federer 's arrival -- in the 2000 finale . Fans queued up overnight to land one of the 10,000 unreserved tickets made available for the final , leading to a more vocal climax than usual . "  It was good that it was on a Monday because three finals I lost on Sunday , so finally I played on Monday , " Ivanisevic said . "  Unbelievable atmosphere , probably never again because now they have a roof . "  Patrick is a very good friend , a great guy . We both should have won Wimbledon before , him in 2000 in the final , and I was supposed to win a long time ago . " After Ivanisevic beat Carlos Moya in the second round he sensed something special was about to happen . Did it the hard way Besides Henman and Rafter , Ivanisevic also topped Andy Roddick , Greg Rusedski and Marat Safin in a difficult draw . Of his seven victims , only one -- first-round opponent Fredrik Jonsson -- would never feature in the top four in the rankings . "  It was an unsolved mystery how I won , but I felt after the second round that I was going to win , " Ivanisevic said . "  I could not say it loud because they would think I was completely nuts . "  I felt for the first time after so many months , actually a year , the racket  that I played with had a special sound  . I lost the sound for a year and a half and that  first  Monday I got the sound back . I said , ` This is a good sign . ' " The sound had vanished when Ivanisevic began the year by playing in qualifying at the Australian Open . Stuck on a back court after playing in some of the world 's grandest stadiums , he tanked -- a tennis term for not trying . Although unpleasant at the time , it proved to be that year 's turning point for Ivanisevic . "  I had a long journey to think about what I was going to do , then I went to play a challenger in Germany , " Ivanisevic said . "  I played the final . Then I started to play better . I did n't have great results but I started to enjoy it again . "  Wimbledon came and it was actually my time , " added Ivanisevic , who can still be seen on the seniors ' tour , while he also helps run a tournament in Zagreb and dabbles in commentating . "  It was written somewhere that it was my time . I did everything in my life the harder way . Why do it easy if you can do it the hard way ? " But by doing it the hard way , the larger-than-life Ivanisevic has ensured his achievement at Wimbledon will never be forgotten .	Twelve years after his Wimbledon triumph , Goran Ivanisevic is n't sure how he won Ivanisevic needed a wildcard to enter the tournament because his ranking was n't high enough Ivanisevic beat Patrick Rafter in a ` People 's Monday ' final after losing three other finals Ivanisevic , hampered by a shoulder injury , contemplated quitting tennis before his title
AP  -- The world 's largest jetliner made aviation history Thursday , completing its first commercial flight from Singapore to Sydney with 455 passengers , some of them ensconced in luxury suites and double beds . Australians Tony and Julie Elwood share a romantic moment on their double bed in an exclusive suite aboard the Airbus 380 . The Airbus superjumbo lifted off from Singapore 's Changi Airport and landed about seven hours later in Sydney . Also aboard Flight SQ380 was a crew of about 30 , including four pilots . Flight attendants handed out champagne and certificates to passengers , some of whom paid tens of thousands of dollars in an online auction for seats . "  I have never been in anything like this in the air before in my life , " said Australian Tony Elwood , reclining with his wife , Julie , on the double bed in their private first-class suite . "  It is going to make everything else after this simply awful , " he said , sipping Dom Perignon champagne after a lunch of marinated lobster and double boiled chicken soup . He paid $ 50,000 for the two places . The double-decker A380 ends the nearly 37-year reign of the Boeing 747 jumbojet as the world 's most spacious passenger plane . Its European manufacturer , Airbus SAS , also claims that the A380 is the most fuel efficient and quietest passenger jet ever built . Thomas Lee , who was also on the Boeing 747 's first commercial flight from New York to London in 1970 , described the latest experience as "  spectacular ... fantastic ... incredible . " "  It was a festive atmosphere , I can tell you . Everybody was excited . People were up out of their seats in the aisle . It was quite difficult for the cabin crew to do their job ... not like a normal flight I can assure you , " he said . The A380 was delivered to Singapore Airlines on Oct. 15 , nearly two years behind schedule after billions of dollars in cost overruns for Airbus . Still , the wait was worth it , says Singapore Airlines , which got the exclusivity of being the plane 's sole operator for 10 months . "  This is indeed a new milestone in the timeline of aviation , " said Chew Choon Seng , chief executive of Singapore Airlines  SIA  in a speech before the departure . The Boeing 747 jumbo jet generally carries about 400 passengers . The A380 -- as tall as a seven-story building with each wing big enough to hold 70 cars -- is capable of carrying 853 passengers in an all-economy class configuration . However , Singapore Airlines opted for 471 seats in three classes -- 2 Singapore Airlines Suites , 60 business class and 399 economy class . Each suite , enclosed by sliding doors , is fitted with a leather upholstered seat , a table , a 23-inch flat screen TV , laptop connections and a range of office software . A separate bed folds up into the wall . Two of the suites can be joined to provide double beds , one of which the Elwoods occupied . On the upper deck , business class seats can turn into wide flat beds , while the economy class seats on both decks have more leg and knee room , the carrier says . Business class passengers also have a bar area . Francis Wu , a student from San Francisco who turned 22 on the flight , was updating his journal on the in-flight computer system when airline crew surprised him with a white chocolate cake and a song . "  This is the best birthday I have ever had in my whole life , " he said . SIA auctioned most of the seats on the inaugural flight on eBay , raising $ 1.26 million for charity . The highest bidder was Briton Julian Hayward who bought two suite seats for $ 100,380 . He was the first passenger to board . SIA has ordered 19 of the A380s , hoping to benefit from a boom in air travel that has seen global air traffic growing 5 to 10 percent a year . Dubai-based Emirates , Airbus ' largest A380 customer with 55 on order , will take its first delivery in August . Not all analysts are convinced that the plane , which has a list price of $ 320 million , will be a success . "  I see there 's some demand for the A380 , but it 's an expensive way to address a small market , " said Standard & Poor 's Equity Research analyst Shukor Yusof . Shukor said the market was set to be dominated by mid-sized , long haul two-engine aircraft such as the rival Boeing 787 Dreamliner , which offers greater fuel efficiency than four-engine jets of the same size . He pointed out that orders for the 787 have exceeded 700 . The A380 has received 165 orders to date . Shukor noted that Singapore Airlines renews its fleet frequently to maintain an average age of about six years . Once the planes are older than six years , Singapore Airlines might have trouble selling them , he said . "  What would happen if the plane did n't meet their expectations , say , in a year ? Would SIA be tempted to sell it ? What is the secondary value of the plane ? It has not been commercially tested yet , " Shukor said . E-mail to a friend	World 's largest jetliner made aviation history flying from Singapore to Sydney The double-decker A380 is billed as the world 's most spacious passenger jet Passengers lounged in luxury suites with beds , flatscreen TVs , gourmet food Some paid tens of thousands of dollars for seats on the historic flight
CNN  -- The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 as Wembley Stadium in London played host to an NFL match for the fourth time on Sunday . In a showdown between two struggling sides , the only points from a disappointing first half came from Joe Nedney 's 34-yard field goal for San Francisco . However , early in the second half , Denver quarterback Kyle Orton 's 71-yard pass to Brandon Lloyd stopped only one-yard short of the end zone . And in the next passage of play , young quarterback Tim Tebow carried the ball over for only his second career touchdown . A 32-yard field goal from Matt Prater put the Broncos 10-3 ahead , but the 49ers quickly rallied . Troy Smith completed a 38-yard pass to Delanie Walker and then completed a one-yard run himself to score the game-tying touchdown . And then Smith threw to Michael Crabtree for a second touchdown pass soon after . And the 49ers made the result safe when Orton 's pass was intercepted and Frank Gore crossed for another touchdown . There was a late rally from the Broncos when Orton 's one-yard pass found Lloyd in the end zone , but Prater missed the extra point to make it 24-16 .	The San Francisco 49ers beat the Denver Broncos 24-16 at Wembley Stadium The 49ers recover from going 10-3 down to defeat the Broncos with three TD 's It was the fourth time that the famous London arena had hosted an NFL match
CNN  When Evonne Goolagong Cawley first picked up an apple crate board to hit a ball against any flat surface she could find , Wimbledon was always the dream . The tennis-obsessed youngster would play for hours on end against a wall or a water tank , at the time thinking the tournament was merely the stuff of fairy tales . "  I read this princess magazine story , " recalls the 63-year-old seven-time Grand Slam singles winner in an interview with CNN Open Court at the Australian Open . "  One story was about this girl who trained and was taken to this place called Wimbledon where she won on this magical court . "  I did n't know it was for real but she said ` yes , this place exists in England ' . " From that moment henceforth , the wall or water tank was the net at the All England Club , the concrete under her feet the hallowed grass turf graced by so many past champions . "  Every time I went to sleep at night , I would dream about playing at that magical center court and every time I hit the wall I would pretend I was there . " Goolagong Cawley 's fairy tale came true . Nicknamed the ` Sunshine super girl ' early in her career , Goolagong Cawley achieved exactly that feat in 1971 , winning the first of Grand Slam titles . She is 12th on the list of all-time singles grand slam winners level with Venus Williams and ended her career with 19 single titles in all . As well as two Wimbledon titles , Goolagong Cawley also won the Australian Open four times , the French Open , three Fed Cup titles and reached world No. 1 in 1976 . If the fairy tale came true , there were also many times when the clock struck midnight , with her story marked by episodes where -- as with so many Aborigines -- she was often treated as a second-class citizen . There was a regular fear of being taken away from her parents . Many Australians thought the best practice was for Aboriginal children to be removed from their families to be given a life away from poverty and an education in white Australian society . "  Whenever a car would come down the road , my mum would tell us to hide ` or else the welfare man would take you away , ' " she recalls . Even as an adult she was acutely aware of how Aborigines could be excluded from everyday life -- even after winning Wimbledon . "  Before I started traveling overseas and I was with a friend and in those days I loved music and I loved disco dancing so she took me out but I was n't allowed in . "  That happened again in Brisbane and I was with two Aboriginal friends and this was just after I won Wimbledon . I said ` do n't worry we 'll go somewhere else ' . I think it hurt my friends more than me . " The Goolagong family were the only Aborigines in the small town of Barellan in New South Wales . Her father Kenny was a hard-working sheep shearer , who gained notoriety for being able to shear 100 animals in a day . The tennis star was the third of Kenny and Melindra 's eight children . In her town , Goolagong Cawley became renowned for her tennis and was first invited to play on a court when a neighbor , Bill Kurtzman , caught her peering through the fence . Following encouragement from locals , tennis coach Vic Edwards traveled up from Sydney to see the then 10-year-old play . He persuaded her parents to let him bring her to the metropolis , enrolled her in school , coached her and , for a time , had her live with him . She arrived in the big city with her first tennis dress , made for her by her mother from sheets and with equipment paid for by the people of her home town . There was no pressure on her to play the sport by her parents and her mother would never ask on her return after a match if she had won , merely if she had had fun . Encountering racism in tennis Sydney was to provide no respite from the racism Goolagong Cawley had to face . She especially remembers an incident while playing with Edwards ' daughter against two older ladies . "  One of the older ladies did n't like the idea of two youngsters beating up on them . We won pretty easily . When it was time to shake hands . "  And she said ; ` This is the first time I 've had the pleasure of playing a Nigger ' and I 've never heard that before and I started to get really upset . " As her mentor Edwards did his best to shield her from such prejudice . "  He taught me not to believe in what you read , believe in yourself so I never read anything . I realize now he was blocking me from a lot of things . "  I always just thought of myself as a tennis player . I was protected from a lot of publicity and politics of life . " But her tennis success helped Goolagong Cawley break down barriers , becoming the first non-white to play in apartheid South Africa in a tournament in 1972 . Even today , she is helping indigenous people in Australia with the foundation she has set up with her husband , the former British tennis player Roger Cawley . Her motto for it -- as it was during her playing days -- is "  dream , believe , learn , achieve . " The program encourages the children to play tennis but also to stay in school as they do so . "  The reason why I 'm doing this is because I would n't be here unless I had the initial support of the townspeople of Barellan . That 's why I am doing what I am doing today , trying to help young indigenous kids find their dream . " By the time she arrived as a player at her dream location of Wimbledon , the then 18-year-old , also known as ` La Belle Evonne , ' was already well known to the British press . She was put on the show courts , unheard of back then for an unheralded young player . "  I did n't realize they were writing about me before I got there , " she recalls . "  They did n't normally put a young person first time at Wimbledon on center court but they did with me . "  It really scared the hell out of me and I wanted to get off the court as quickly as possible and I did . " On her return the following year in 1971 , she beat the great Margaret Court and fellow Australian in the final , although graciously insists that was only because her opponent was pregnant and not moving to the best of her ability . However , Goolagong Cawley repeated the feat on the same hallowed turf in 1980 with a three-year-old daughter in tow . In so doing , she was the first mother to be crowned Wimbledon champion since before the outset of World War I. ` Super girl ' had become ` super mum . ' But for all the monikers , titles and accolades , "  having fun " was the key motivation . "  I believe that 's what life is all about . I certainly had a lot of fun during my career playing tennis , doing the thing I wanted to do and to do it well . "	Evonne Goolagong Cawley 's tennis play began with an apple crate board But she reached world No. 1 and achieved seven Grand Slam titles in the process As an Aborigine , though , there were issues of racism she faced in her career
CNN  -- Forty days alone in the wilderness was enough for Jesus , but Lance Armstrong is facing an altogether longer period of solitude . The disgraced former cycling icon was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles 44 days ago , on October 22 , and has spent most of the intervening period in his hometown of Austin , Texas . While he contemplates his next move , there have been beneficiaries of his newfound infamy , notably Mellow Johnny 's bike store . Call it the power of celebrity or call it voyeurism , but thanks to Armstrong 's notoriety , the Austin store co-owned by the disgraced cyclist , with its name inspired by the Texan 's nickname on the Tour -- Mellow Johnny 's , an Americanized version of the French for the leader 's yellow jersey , maillot jaune -- is doing just fine . Giant photographs of Armstrong crossing the line , arms aloft , loom over racks of bikes ; a set of framed , signed yellow jerseys fills another wall ; Armstrong merchandise is on offer at every turn , from cycling spandex to lemon-flavored waffles . "  It would be Lance 's decision , " general manager Will Black explained when asked why the memorabilia remains on display , given Armstrong 's spectacular fall from grace . "  If he decides he wants us to take them down , we would , but until that happens , they will stay up . " How an all-American hero fell to earth And by the look of the shop 's bustle on a Monday morning , Mellow Johnny 's will survive the scandal that has enveloped Armstrong . "  We have n't seen it in terms of the number of customers coming in , " Black said . "  It really has n't had an effect in a negative way . " It is not just cycling enthusiasts that are flocking to the shop ; the stars of Formula One also stopped off during the sport 's first visit to Austin last month . Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso took a look inside Mellow Johnny 's while seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Mark Webber of Red Bull both purchased bikes . Lance Armstrong 's epic downfall Written out of history Since the release of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's report that stated there was "  overwhelming " evidence Armstrong was involved in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " ever seen in professional cycling , the American 's reputation has unraveled like a onion being peeled away one layer at a time . Armstrong steadfastly maintains his innocence . But a few blocks east of Mellow Johnny 's is the yellow-hued headquarters of the Livestrong Foundation -- the charity Armstrong set up after overcoming testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain -- which has taken down his Tour race-winner 's yellow jerseys . But if the American has been written out of cycling history -- "  Lance Armstrong has no place in cycling , " said the International Cycling Union 's president , Pat McQuaid , recently -- the cyclist 's legacy at home in Austin remains deep-rooted and complex . It was thanks to Armstrong that this laid-back city became synonymous with cycling . Its biking culture has been strengthened by the presence of close to 50,000 University of Texas students using bikes to commute around town , the city 's provision of cycling infrastructure and the popular biking trails that circle the shoreline of Town Lake on the fringes of downtown . Few in the city disagree that Armstrong put Austin on the cycling map -- and vice versa . "  The Lance Armstrong effect is part of what gave cycling such a big boost here , " said Gilbert Martinez , president of the Austin Cycling Association Gilbert Martinez . "  When he started winning the Tour , there was lots of buzz . People gathered to watch it ; there were parties all round town , not just at bike shops but at bars and grills . It was a tremendous boost . " The city paid tribute to Armstrong 's contribution to cycling with the creation of the Lance Armstrong Bikeway , running east to west across downtown . There have been calls for the bikeway to be renamed , but Austin 's Mayor Lee Leffingwell says he has no plans to amend this homage to Armstrong . So as they whizz past Armstrong 's name emblazoned on square , green and white signs , Austin 's cyclists have a permanent reminder of his deeds -- good and bad . "  Lance is a very divisive topic , " Martinez explained . "  There are people who really believe he was persecuted and it 's not fair what 's happening to him . Armstrong quits Livestrong entirely "  Then there are others who feel he is getting exactly what he deserves . There 's a reputation of Lance as a bit of a jerk and  the doping  was part of his win-at-all-costs personality . "  There is a sizeable part of the community who really do n't care one way or another . "  We as people want to believe he overcame cancer and he won the most grueling bicycle race in the world , and he did it seven times in a row . "  But cycling was here before Lance got here , and it 'll still be here long after we 've forgotten him . " Back at the 15-year-old Livestrong Foundation charity , which has raised more than $ 500 million to support cancer patients , donations have increased since the allegations linking Armstrong with serial doping . "  It might be that people are learning about the work of the foundation as a result of the controversy from the cycling world , " mused Livestrong spokeswoman Katherine McLane . "  In which case , that is a positive effect . " Armstrong stepped down as chairman of the Livestrong Foundation in October , the same month the organization also legally changed its name from the Lance Armstrong Foundation . McLane says it 's his work with the foundation that should remain as Armstrong 's lasting legacy , not the implosion of his cycling career . "  I would say that Lance 's greatest legacy is creating an organization that has helped 2.5 million people when they are facing cancer , " she added . "  He 's still the foundation 's biggest donor . He 's donated $ 7 million . " Amid all the opinion and rhetoric bubbling around Armstrong in Austin , there was no sign of the man himself . His only public appearance since the scandal enveloped him was at a Livestrong gala on October 20 , and when Formula One made its debut in the city , Armstrong flew to Hawaii to avoid the hubbub . Suzanne Halliburton , who has followed Armstrong 's rise and fall for the Austin American-Statesman newspaper since 1996 , is one of the few still in regular contact with Armstrong . "  The last time I talked to him , he seemed to be doing reasonably well , " she said . "  He has access to a private plane where he can zip off and go hang out in Hawaii at his house there . " Armstrong , who also has a Spanish-style villa close to downtown Austin , has no reason to keep out of the public gaze in his hometown , according to Halliburton . "  When he rides , he goes out to the Hill Country , but his house is in central Austin , " she explained . "  He 's got five kids , two of whom live with him . He 's very active , going to see all their sporting events , sometimes coaching their soccer teams . He sits in line to pick up the kids . "  He lives pretty normal . He goes out to eat . I do n't see him keeping a low profile here . "  He 's not beloved anymore , but he 's not hated . " Away from Austin , the wheels of justice are cranking into gear . Sponsor sad at loss of Armstrong 's ` great story ' An International Cycling Union commission has been assembled to investigate the USADA 's damning report into the allegations that Armstrong systematically used performance-enhancing drugs . He could also face lawsuits from groups such as British newspaper The Sunday Times , which lost legal disputes with Armstrong surrounding doping allegations and , as a result , paid out huge sums , as well as Texan insurance firm SCA Promotions , which insured performance bonuses paid to the American after he claimed his fourth , fifth and sixth Tour de France wins . Back in Texas , there is a little expectation of Armstrong undergoing a Damascene conversion . "  He 'd already fallen off the pedestal , " Martinez argued . "  All that is left is for a mea culpa -- but I do n't think that is ever going to come . " Halliburton is less sure . "  Whether you think Lance did drugs or not -- and it looks like he did something -- he still worked his ass off , " she opined . "  I 've had people come up to me and say ` I 've been an athlete . and I know that performance enhancers are not going to help somebody who 's not also working hard . ' so he 's real driven . He 's a perfectionist , and he does n't suffer fools gladly . "  The last time I talked to him , he said he 's going to get the last word . "  But first and foremost , he is going to think about his family . You ca n't just go throwing yourself on the mercy of the public and want them to love you again . "  He 's in a tough spot right now . "	Mellow Johnny 's is a cycling store co-owned by disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong The store is in Armstrong hometown of Austin , Texas Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life from cycling Some cycling fans in Austin still stand by Armstrong despite doping allegations
CNN  -- Launched in 1995 , the Airbus A330-200 is the newest member of the European aircraft manufacturer 's twinjet family . The incident involves an Air France Airbus A330-200 . With a range of 12,500 km  6,750 nautical miles  and the capacity to carry 253 passengers , the A330-200 is extremely well-regarded as a medium to long-range airliner . There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France , worldwide . Airbus has a further 300 orders for the aircraft . According to aviation expert Kieran Daly , the A330-200 is a "  reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane , " with an impeccable safety record . He told CNN that there has only been one reported incident when an aircraft of this type has crashed . "  The incident took place in 1994 before the aircraft came into service , " he said . "  It was being flown in test-mode by pilots who were putting it through some extreme maneuvers before it came down . "  Therefore the crash was not caused by the plane itself . "  It is very well-designed and well-equipped , with equally modern and reliable General Electric CF-6 engines . " Air France has said that Flight AF 447 sent an automatic signal indicating electrical problems while going through strong turbulence early in its 11-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris . Why it took so long to report the aircraft missing " However , Daly said that it would take extremely violent weather conditions to cause the catastrophic failure of an aircraft of this size . "  These planes are extremely robust and widely used on transatlantic routes and across Asia , " he said . "  They are equipped with an array of sophisticated communication equipment , so it must have been something extremely sudden to cause the loss of contact . " There has also been speculation that the Paris-bound flight was struck by lightning , but that should not bring down a modern airliner , former Airbus pilot John Wiley told CNN . According to Air France , the captain of Flight AF 447 had a record of 11,000 flight hours and had already flown 1,700 hours on Airbus A330/A340 aircraft . Of the two first officers , one had flown 3,000 flight hours  800 of which on the Airbus A330/A340  and the other 6,600  2,600 on the Airbus A330/A340  . The aircraft had totaled 18,870 flight hours and went into service on 18 April 2005 . Its last maintenance check in the hangar took place on 16 April 2009 . The larger A330-300 aircraft from Airbus entered service in 1993 and has a capacity of up to 335 passengers . It too has an impressive safety record , despite a couple of incidents in the last 10 years . In August 2001 , a Canadian airliner operated by Air Transat experienced double engine failure while traveling to Portugal . Miraculously the captain was able to perform an emergency landing in the Azores by gliding the powerless plane for almost 18 minutes . Last year , an A330-303 was forced to make an emergency landing in Australia after a sudden change in altitude injured 74 passengers . Qantas Flight 72 was flying from Singapore to the western Australian city of Perth when a sudden change of altitude caused abrasions , contusions , fractures and other injuries . The cause of the sudden drop remains under investigation .	The Airbus A330-200 was launched in 1995 There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France Expert : A330-200 is reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane Air France said Flight AF 447 reported electrical problems
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A birthday "  cake " made of ice , beets , apples and pears ? It might not sound appetizing , but it was a special treat Thursday for Tai Shan , the Smithsonian National Zoo 's giant panda . Giant panda Tai Shan digs into his special birthday cake of ice , beets , apples and pears . A huge group of fans watched as the popular panda celebrated his fourth birthday with the three-tier cake . They cheered him on as he inched closer to the treat , and one woman yelled "  Atta boy Tai Shan ! " when he finally started eating the apple pieces on the cake 's lowest tier . She cheered the panda on for eating his "  cake " the same way a mom might cheer on her son at a soccer game or dad might cheer his daughter playing basketball . Zoo curator Lisa Stevens said people react that way because of how pandas resemble children . "  They share many features of infants and toddlers . They have high foreheads , big eye spots , and they can sit up straight and grip and eat their food , " Stevens said . Pandas are also known to give hope to the downtrodden , according to one loyal Tai Shan fan who called herself "  Sandy . " During her battle against a medical condition that caused her to be unable to walk , she said that frequent visits to the zoo to see Tai Shan gave her the strength she needed to persevere through the pain . "  I could barely stand an hour to see him , now I could stand all day to watch him . I pushed myself for him ... he 's done so much for me and for people all over the world , " she said . Tai Shan was born at the zoo and has had his entire life documented on a Web cam for the whole world to see . Fans may have little time left to enjoy Tai Shan , as the zoo 's contract with the China Wildlife Conservation Association to keep him is set to expire later this year . The zoo is negotiating with the conservation association to keep Tai Shan a few months longer .	Tai Shan was born at the Smithsonian National Zoo Birthday boy gets a special cake made of ice , beets , apples and pears Zoo curator says pandas are popular because they resemble young children Though born in U.S. , Tai Shan due to be sent to China later this year
CNN  -- While a 5-year-old victim of an alleged rape recovers in a New Delhi hospital , India 's prime minister admits that his country has "  vast improvements to make " when it comes to "  the safety , security and status of women in our society , " and protesters are taking to the streets of the Indian capital . The little girl is stable , conscious and alert , her doctor , D.K. Sharma , said Sunday . The girl 's neighbor , who allegedly raped her , was arrested in Bihar state in eastern India , then brought to New Delhi in police custody , city police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said . The suspect is expected in court Monday and will not be eligible for bail , Bhagat said . Indian police say the suspect abducted the 5-year-old last Sunday , locked her in his house and brutally raped her repeatedly before she was found semiconscious Wednesday on the ground floor of her building . Opinion : India can learn respect for women Doctors said they had to remove foreign objects , including candle pieces and a small bottle , from the girl 's genitals . The assault came just four months after a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang raped in a moving bus , triggering seething protests in India . She later died at a Singapore hospital . Criticized for what was seen as a slow response to the savage December attack , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was quick to issue a statement this time , calling the act "  shameful . " Sunday , in a follow-up statement , Singh said , "  The gruesome assault on a little girl a few days back reminds us once again of the need to work collectively to root out this sort of depravity from our society . " Protests have swept through New Delhi since Friday . Many demonstrators are members of a political party of a leading anti-corruption activist , Arvind Kejriwal . Outside the prime minister 's residence Sunday , nonviolent demonstrators conducted a sit-in . Video from CNN affiliate CNN-IBN showed police removing the protesters . As the nation 's media ran footage of a police officer slapping a female protester outside a hospital Sunday , Singh ordered strict action against the officer and anyone else who roughed up demonstrators . The offending officer was suspended , Bhagat said . 3 girls , allegedly raped , found dead in India well 5 men confess to gang-raping Swiss tourist in India CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed from New Delhi and Aliza Kassim from Atlanta .	Indian prime minister says India needs "  vast improvements " on women 's safety The alleged rape of a 5-year-old girl has sparked demonstrations all weekend in India The girl is recovering and is in stable condition , doctors say This is the latest high-profile alleged rape in India , after a gang rape on a bus in December
More than two decades after the death of the systematic racial discrimination policy of apartheid , a community living southeast of South Africa 's capital Pretoria is being accused of trying to keep its racist ideals alive . White men clad in military uniforms stamped with an old South African flag guard the gates of the controversial settlement known as Kleinfontein . All the signs within its boundaries are written in Afrikaans , the language that developed out of the Dutch dialect spoken by early colonizers and which is spoken by the town 's 1,000 white inhabitants . A bust of Hendrick Verwoerd , the assassinated prime minister considered the architect of apartheid , greets visitors upon entry . "  Kleinfontein is a cultural community , " explains its spokeswoman Marisa Haasbroek , "  if you are not an Afrikaaner you can not live here . " Afrikaaners are white South Africans of mostly Dutch descent . The private settlement has made headlines in recent weeks after it was exposed by a local newspaper . Haasbroek defends its existence saying residents simply want to live among their own kind . The 50-year-old mother of two tells CNN she moved to Kleinfontein six years ago shortly after her car was stolen in the city center . "  I was just sick of crime , " she says . "  My parents-in-law were already living here and they told us Kleinfontein is safe , " Haasbroek , her engineer husband and their children packed their belongings and moved to the "  whites only " enclave . The area has been in existence since the 1990s . It was formed on the eve of democratic elections at around the same time as its better-known sister settlement , Orania , in the Northern Cape . Most South Africans knew Orania but have only recently learned about Kleinfontein . Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people . There were even reports that the community has once refused to be assisted by black police officers . Read more : How S Africa avoided bloody war "  That 's simply not true , " Haasbroek says . "  We do not discriminate , we differentiate . " South Africa 's official opposition recently held a protest at Kleinfontein vowing to "  liberate " residents from their "  apartheid mindsets . " The mayor of Tshwane -- the municipality Kleinfontein falls under -- has also conducted a site visit , saying he supported the residents ' right to "  conserve their heritage but that it must be balanced with the freedom of others to reside anywhere in the republic . " Despite differing opinions on the matter their right to self-determination is protected by the constitution and the government has said they have the right to live this way . Race is still an emotional topic in South Africa and Haasbroek has been at pains to explain that residents are screened based on culture , language , religion , history - but not race . Read more : The cricketer who took on apartheid regime "  We are trying to preserve our own identity , " Haasbroek says . "  We are swamped by people who are not like us . We are a minority like the people of Tibet in China and like the Palestinians . But we do n't want our own state . We respect the laws of South African and we want to remain here . " Orania and Kleinfontein represent about 2,000 people , a tiny minority of the overall Afrikaaner community in South Africa . Haasbroek says crime and affirmative action have left them feeling left out of the so-called "  Rainbow Nation . " "  We do n't really feel welcomed in the new South Africa so we are saying , just give us a little bit of independence . " They already run their own school and they build their own infrastructure . They want to be recognized as a self-contained municipality -- something the local government has said will not happen .	The South African community of Kleinfontein is accused of keeping apartheid 's ideals alive Apartheid was a policy of systematic racial discrimination A Kleinfontein spokeswoman says it is a "  cultural community " for Afrikaaners only Its residents are accused of using culture and heritage to discriminate against black people
CNN  -- Spurred by the continuing political unrest in Iran , more than two dozen Iranian expatriate superstars are uniting to spread a musical message of non-violent resistance . Neda Agha-Soltan was gunned down on a Tehran street on June 20 . The entertainers , poets , thinkers and actors are harmonizing on the song "  United for Neda , " a call to action against human rights violations by the Iranian government against Iranians protesting the disputed outcome of recent presidential elections . The song was inspired by the plight of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year old Iranian woman who was fatally shot on the streets of Tehran on June 20 . The ordeal was recorded on cell phone video and received international attention when it hit the Internet . "  When I saw links to Neda being shot , it was so disturbing to me , " said Iranian-British recording artist Mams Taylor , who wrote and produced the song . "  It hurt me , angered me and touched me at the same time , to think that these people are so courageous to go and seek their freedom , " said Taylor . While her death became a rallying point for justice , her name , "  Neda , " in Farsi means "  the call/calling " or "  voice " -- a voice many people say can not be muted . "  The saga is still going on in Iran , and all we can do is carry on and echo their voice , " said Shoreh Aghdashloo , the Oscar-nominated actress from "  House of Sand and Fog " who sang in the production . The video , much like the post-election protests , was a spontaneous response . From the studio to the street rallies in Los Angeles , California , the entire music video was filmed using a cell phone . "  With the big media ban and restrictions over there , we thought to commemorate and pay homage to what the protesters are doing over there , " said Taylor . "  So we thought it would be appropriate to develop the video in the same kind of light . " Watch the video and hear the song " The song was recorded in both English and Farsi to reach Western and Iranian audiences . The English version of the video has drawn thousands of viewers since its YouTube release last week . The Farsi version of the song will be released Thursday . Iranian actress Shila Vosough played a key role in bringing the artists together . "  These artists all came together despite their varying political views , " she said . "  They united , hand-in-hand , to send the kids in Iran a message of their love and support . " The political upheaval of the late 1970s forced many Iranian musicians , artists , actors and entertainers like Vosough into exile . Many of them left unwillingly , not knowing when or if they would ever return to Iran . "  I came to New York for a performance 32 years ago and have never been back to Iran since , " said Iranian vocalist Sattar , who also sang in the video . Sattar , who has millions of fans around the world , wants the Iranian people to know their voices are being heard . "  As an artist , I see this as my responsibility -- to support Iranians with my songs and music , " said Sattar , a one-time favorite of the Pahlavi royal family in Iran . In 1979 , at the dawn of the Islamic Republic under much popular Western music was outlawed as "  un-Islamic . " For years , Iranians have been forced to make music underground , buying or swapping on the black market or downloading from the Internet . "  Music is a very powerful tool . It can move people and mobilize them around a cause , and this can be very threatening for leaders who want to silence the voices of their people , " said Iranian singer Dariush . Dariush has been singing about love , peace , freedom and justice for the Iranian people since before he left 30 years ago . "  I encourage other musicians to come join the cause against human rights violations in Iran and other places around the world , " said Dariush . Female singers were also banned after the revolution . For decades female vocalists like Googoosh , one of the most celebrated pop divas in Iran , were silenced and forbidden to perform or record in Iran . In 2000 , Googoosh left Iran . Shortly afterward , she made a comeback on the international stage , performing in front of sold-out crowds at venues around the world . Her latest release , "  Man Hamoon Iranam , " or "  I Am the Same Iran , " is also dedicated to the young Iranians who died in the unrest . Scores of musicians have tuned into the cause , showing support both in performance and on the Internet . Just last week in Barcelona , Spain , the band U2 dedicated the song "  Sunday Bloody Sunday " to the Iranian people and performed under a green-lit banner as Farsi lyrics scrolled up the screen . The opposition in Iran has adopted green as its unifying color . Other Iran-related videos that went viral on YouTube are the remake of "  Stand By Me " by Iranian singer Andy and American rockers Bon Jovi ; Joan Baez 's "  We Shall Overcome " tribute ; and Wyclef Jean 's performance of "  Equal Rights and Justice . " "  I hope the Iranians realize that here in the West there are people supporting and backing their movement to seek freedom , and we would like to motivate them to keep going , " said Mams Taylor . "  The world has lost many Nedas , most of them the world will never know , " said Dariush . "  There are many Nedas out there whose voices ca n't be heard , there are Nedas in prisons that are being tortured , there are Nedas screaming in the streets -- walking the fine line between life and death everyday . But she has become the symbol for all of them . "	Mams Taylor , other artists join together to produce "  United for Neda " Song is one of support for the Iranian people in wake of crackdown "  House of Sand and Fog " actress was another participant Other Iran-related videos have gone viral on YouTube
Ray Nagin came into the mayor 's office in New Orleans as an avowed scourge of corruption and led the city through the worst disaster of its modern history . He left a federal courthouse a convict Wednesday , after a jury found him guilty of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and other favors from businessmen looking for a break from his administration . Of the 21 counts against him , he was convicted of 20 . "  He got a lot of media attention as being a reformer , a non-politician , first run for office -- a businessman who was going to come in and get it right , " said Pat Fanning , a veteran New Orleans lawyer and no fan of the former two-term mayor . After Hurricane Katrina ravaged the city in 2005 , the onetime cable television executive would reassure people queasy about sending taxpayer money to a state with an epic history of corruption by telling them , "  Google me . You 're not going to find any of that in my record , " Fanning said , quoting Nagin . "  Well , Google him now . " Nagin , who left office in 2010 , had little to say as he left the courthouse Wednesday afternoon , telling reporters only , "  I maintain my innocence . " A small knot of supporters yelled , "  Keep your head up " and "  He 's just a patsy , " CNN affiliate WDSU reported . His lead attorney , Robert Jenkins , told reporters his client would appeal the verdict . "  We did the best we could do , " Jenkins said . Prosecutors argued the 57-year-old Nagin was at the center of a kickback scheme in which he received checks , cash , wire transfers , personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city . He faces up to 20 years in prison , but Fanning said a 14 - to 17-year term was more likely . A January 2013 indictment detailed more than $ 200,000 in bribes to the mayor , and his family members allegedly received a vacation in Hawaii ; first-class airfare to Jamaica ; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City ; and cellular phone service . In exchange , businesses that coughed up for Nagin and his family won more than $ 5 million in city contracts , according to the January 2013 indictment . During the two-week trial , prosecutors brought to the stand a string of businessmen who had already pleaded guilty to bribing Nagin . His defense did little to challenge their stories , Fanning said . "  It was too painful actually to watch . They just swamped him , " he said . And when Nagin took the stand in his own defense , "  He did a belly flop , " often answering questions on cross-examination by saying he could n't recall who paid for a trip or perk . "  He just looked terrible , " Fanning said . The earliest of the charges date from before Katrina , which struck when Nagin had been in office for about three years . The hurricane flooded more than three-fourths of low-lying New Orleans and left more than 1,800 dead across the region -- most of them in Louisiana . Supporters credited Nagin 's sometimes-profane demands for aid from Washington with helping reveal the botched federal response to the storm -- a fiasco that embarrassed the George W. Bush administration and led to billions of federal dollars being poured into Gulf Coast reconstruction efforts . But Nagin also had his detractors : Fanning called his performance during the storm "  a meltdown , " a congressional committee criticized him for delaying evacuation orders , and his frantic description of post-storm New Orleans as a violent wasteland with up to 10,000 dead turned out to be greatly exaggerated . As he sought re-election in 2006 , with much of the city 's African-American population displaced by storm damage , Nagin was blasted for insisting that New Orleans would remain a "  chocolate " city . Nagin won a second term despite the controversies , but left office with his approval ratings in the cellar and told CNN his career in public office was over . "  I have given my pound of flesh , " he said . Nagin sought to have the charges dismissed in October after another federal judge blasted what he called the "  grotesque " misconduct of prosecutors in the post-Katrina shootings of unarmed civilians by police at the Danziger Bridge . The judge tossed out the convictions of five cashiered cops after ruling that members of the U.S. attorney 's office tainted their 2011 trial by anonymously posting "  egregious and inflammatory " comments at online news sites . Nagin argued that he was the target of the same underground effort , citing "  a continuum of pejorative statements and demeaning racial epithets " aimed at him . The U.S. attorney 's office said none of the prosecutors involved in the Danziger Bridge case played a role in the Nagin investigation .	Nagin "  did a belly flop " on the witness stand , observer says A federal jury convicts Ray Nagin of 20 of 21 corruption counts against him Prosecutors had accused him of running a kickback scheme from his office "  We did our best , " Nagin 's attorney says
WIRED  -- Microsoft showed off a host of visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing Wednesday , in hopes that better packaging will help it eat away at Google 's online dominance . "  We are neck-to-neck in terms of search quality , " said Bing head Satya Nadella . "  Why would an end user , if you are neck to neck on search quality , use Bing ? That 's the question we ask ourselves every day . " The answer the company is betting is a combination of a prettier interface , results informed by what your friends think , and focussing on helping people do things faster , whether that 's finding a product review or buying an airline ticket . Wednesday 's announcements includes a new mobile app for Android and the iPhone , that brings some of the design feel of Windows Phone 7 to their competitors ' devices , along with some nifty maps , real time bus directions , and an easy way to make beautiful panoramas . You can also easily make reservations via OpenTable and take a virtual tour of a restaurant 's interior when a restaurant shows up in map search results . Microsoft also redesigned its browser-based image search and maps , reducing the latter 's reliance on the Silverlight plug-in and instead doing more with the power of modern browsers and HTML5 . Traditional search also got a slight makeover , with visual changes being made to how results are returned for musical artists , destinations and movies , among other types of search . One particularly good new search result that Microsoft demoed , but which is not yet live , is for movies that are no longer playing in theaters . The Movie page for that movie will , like those for in-theater movies , show you a preview and links to reviews . But it substitutes direct , deep links to places to watch the movie online , including Netflix , for the typical showtime listings . Bing now has 11.8 % of the U.S. search market , a 48 % hump growth since Bing replaced Live search in the summer of 2009 , according to Nadell . But even better , he said , is that Bing is now gaining adherents , particularly younger users , who like its visual emphasis , use the site regularly and perhaps , most importantly , recommend it to other people . WIRED : Picture this -- Google chases Bing Certainly , its rival Google has taken notice of Bing 's visual splashiness -- and even disastrously tried to imitate the background images on its famously sparse search home page , only to cut short the trial within hours . Google also revamped its image search earlier this year , clearly imitating Bing 's innovations . While Google 's visual search technology still trumps Bing 's when it comes to identifying images , Bing 's new UI makes it very easy to browse through large images , not just thumbnails . Perhaps most importantly , Bing now has a partnership with Facebook , and one out of five Bing users are candidates for "  instant personalization , " since they are logged into Facebook and have n't chosen to opt-out . What that meant for searchers when the partnership launched in October was n't much . For instance , if you search for "  how to quiet a baby " and one of your friends on Facebook has liked one of the articles that shows up in the search results , you will see their picture next to that result . But now Bing is going further . When you search for say "  Tron " , Bing actually looks into what your friends are interested in , finds stories they have liked via little "  Like " buttons all over the net , and then inserts that into the top results -- even if that story would n't have shown up in Bing 's natural search results . WIRED : Firefox 4 adds Bing to list of search engines That could turn into a huge advantage for Bing , if over time there is enough information in social networking profiles to really make search better . "  Even if only a small percentage of queries have moments where the social graph informs and improves search results , it 's a huge difference , " Nadella said , adding that it is only the beginning of using social sites like Facebook to improve search . Facebook , which sees Google as its biggest rival , is unlikely to share its core user data with Google , which itself is at work on a social add-on to its services . Overall , Microsoft 's emphasis on finding new ways to group information and make doing things easier seems to be stealing a page from its old rival Apple . Design matters . Since Google 's design sense heavily relies on minimalism , that leaves lots of room for Microsoft  and its search partner Yahoo  to experiment with alternative , graphics-heavy designs . Being in second place also lets Microsoft play with new visual approaches to search faster than Google can , as there are fewer users who will get upset when the location of a link moves . WIRED : Bing will add video , animation to homepage Microsoft did n't announce anything today on par with Google 's recent announcement of "  Instant Search , " a huge engineering feat that lets users see search results before even finishing typing their query . But Microsoft showed today they are still in the lucrative search game , even if they are n't making money at it yet , and if you have n't used Bing in recent months , it 's definitely worth giving it another test spin . You might like what you see . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Microsoft shows off visual and search enhancements to its search engine Bing Managers hopes better packaging will help it eat away at Google 's online dominance "  We are neck-to-neck in terms of search quality , " says Bing head Satya Nadella
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Getting into North Korea was one of the weirdest processes VBS has ever dealt with . After we went back and forth with their representatives for months , they finally said they were going to allow 16 journalists to come and cover the Arirang Mass Games in Pyongyang . Just before our departure , they suddenly said , "  No , nobody can come . " Then they said , "  OK , OK , you can come . But only as tourists . " But they already knew we were journalists , and over there if you get caught being a journalist when you 're supposed to be a tourist you go to jail . We do n't like jail . And we 're willing to bet we 'd hate jail in North Korea . But we went for it . The first leg of the trip was a flight into northern China . At the airport , the North Korean consulate took our passports and all our money , then brought us to a restaurant along with our tour group . All the other diners left , and these women came out and started singing North Korean nationalist songs . We were thinking , "  Look , we were just on a plane for 20 hours . Ca n't we just go to bed ? " But this guy with our group who was from the L.A. Times told us , "  Everyone in here besides us is secret police . If you do n't act excited then you 're not going to get your visa . " So we got drunk and sang songs with the girls . The next day we got our visas . A lot of people we had gone with did n't get theirs . We flew into North Korea that night . We were supposed to have three days before the games started , but as soon as we got on the ground they told us , "  The games are happening now . " We went straight to the stadium , and there were 40,000 people in the stands , portraying the history of the North Korean revolution with flip cards . On the playing field before them , about 60,000 people did wild synchronized-gymnastics routines . The 15 of us who made up the audience watched from a marble dais . We were the only spectators . Fifteen audience members for a 100,000-man extravaganza . See the rest of the Vice Guide to North Korea The next day , our grand tour began . We went to the International Friendship Museum , which comprises 2,000 rooms carved into the bottom of a mountain . The displays are all gifts from different world leaders . Joseph Stalin gave Kim Il-sung a train . Mao Zedong also gave Kim Il-sung a train . He got hunting rifles from communist East Germany 's Erich Honecker and Romania 's Nicolae Ceausescu and all the other Eastern-bloc guys . Madeleine Albright famously gave Kim Jong-il a basketball signed by Michael Jordan . Perhaps the weirdest thing about North Koreans is that they genuinely do n't seem to know that the rest of the planet hates and fears them . They believe  or maybe they really convincingly lie about believing  that the whole world admires and envies them and that they 're the true light of socialism and Juche , which is their leader 's philosophy of Communist self-reliance . As the days went on , North Korea presented us with progressively stranger sights and encounters . Being there was like being nowhere else on the planet . Are we glad that we got into Pyongyang and were able to document it ? Yes . But are we even gladder that we made it out ? Watch our documentary on the trip and try to guess the answer .	A VBS.TV crew gets into North Korea after months of negotiation Their "  strange " tour included a 100,000-man show at which they were among 15 spectators VBS founder Shane Smith says it was "  like being nowhere else on the planet "
CNN  -- Normally Germany and France are close partners at the heart of Europe -- but U.S. diplomatic cables suggest a battle royal between the two allies over satellite technology , with the German space and intelligence agencies accusing the French of bad faith and looking to the United States as a future partner to develop next-generation satellites . At the heart of the rivalry is HiRos -- a High Resolution Optical System -- that would potentially be a leap forward in satellite surveillance . A flurry of cables obtained by WikiLeaks and published by the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten shows German officials lobbying for a "  strategic US/German partnership " in 2009 to develop the system , amid French attempts to kill it . Some thirty pages of cables show the political maneuvering and enticing technological potential of HiRos , as well as the determination of the German space agency  DLR  to get it deployed by 2013 . The cables also shows the DLR 's desperation to end Germany 's dependence on "  foreign sources of imagery . " German officials were clearly sensitive about the dual intelligence and commercial use of the program . In February 2009 , U.S. diplomats were told that "  to minimize possible political backlash from developing HiRos as an intelligence satellite , the program will be managed by a civil agency . " But a later cable -- from September 2009 -- talks about HiRos ' "  primary customer " as the German intelligence service . One cable from February 2009 reveals efforts by German officials to steer development work on HiRos away from a Franco-German consortium toward a German company "  in an effort to minimize French mischief . " Subsequently , a senior official at the German space agency said Germany "  had been pushed into a corner by the French and left little choice but to go it alone within the EU . " The alliance with the United States , explained another official , would help prevent a French monopoly of the lucrative market for electro-optical imagery . But he was concerned by the "  fierce and persistent " French lobbying to halt HiRos . In lobbying the U.S. embassy in Berlin , German officials said HiRos would enable Germany to be "  a better partner ... by bringing more unique value to the table . " A senior German official suggested that three German and three U.S. satellites could be deployed , with the imagery being shared . At the same time , access to U.S. imagery of China , North Korea , Iran and the Haqqani Network  a terrorist group based on the Afghan/Pakistan border  would help fill German collection gaps . U.S. diplomats were enthusiastic about HiRos -- saying the German satellite program "  has yielded sophisticated and reliable satellite systems that provide an extraordinary amount of product for their investment . " They waxed lyrical about HiRos ' "  daily revisit capability for any spot on the Earth 's surface , " and its projected ability to provide detailed 3D images . German officials also promised that HiRos would be able to process "  near real-time " or in "  milliseconds " data that currently takes several hours to process . HiRos remains in the project phase , despite the intense lobbying by German space agency and intelligence officials -- and optimistic noises in 2009 that they were ready to move beyond the design phase and start "  bending metal . " CNN has reached out to the German space agency for further comment on the status and funding of HiRos . Neither the U.S. State Department nor the French Foreign Ministry would comment on the leaked cables , citing policy not to discuss classified information .	Cables show tensions between France and Germany Cables were obtained by WikiLeaks and published by a Norwegian newspaper Cables indicate Germans wanted U.S. partnership for satellite project
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Brandon T. Jackson was kicked off a US Airways flight Monday because he was disruptive , the airline told CNN Wednesday . The "  Tropic Thunder " star claims that it was other passengers who were loud and that the flight attendant who reported him called him the "  n-word . " "  The disruptive behavior started with loud music being played by Mr. Jackson at his seat , " the airline said . "  He was asked several times to turn down the music . Additional erratic behavior was observed , and that is when the crew made the decision to stop serving . If the crew determines to no longer serve alcohol to a customer , then their decision is definitive at that point . " But Jackson 's rep insisted the actor was not served any drinks before the incident , which he said began when Jackson walked to the back of the plane to ask for two sandwiches for himself and a seat mate . The attendant told him that other passengers had complained that he was being too loud , he said . "  The flight attendant told him to sit down and ' I do n't care if you 're Obama 's son , ' then used a derogatory word -- seemingly in jest , " the rep said . US Airways "  fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation , " and the attendant "  denied any use of the n-word or racist slurs " with Jackson , the airline said . Jackson "  was disruptive and our crew made the right decision , " the airline said . "  This is in line with federal regulations and our policies . " The attendant 's remark "  obviously upset Brandon , so he said he was going to report it to the airline , " the rep said . The attendant told the pilot a passenger was disruptive , and the report was relayed to officials at the Phoenix airport , where he was to catch a connecting flight to Los Angeles , he said . "  The flight attendant made it seem to Brandon that they were going to land prematurely because of him , which alarmed him  and the reason he took to Twitter immediately  , " the rep said . Jackson , who was traveling from New York to Los Angeles for an audition , tweeted to his 205,000 followers from the plane : "  blogs please pic this up US Airways the most racist thing happen i was called the N word "  I do n't care if your obama son " she said " "  they want to escort me off the plane for her saying racial stuff i have witness " "  i wish this racist generation just hurry up and die off ... im tired of this " "  GUYS i need you help i am not going to jail for be called racial slurs please ... " Airport police questioned Jackson after he stepped off the flight in Phoenix , his rep said . The rep said 13 other passengers confirmed Jackson 's story that he was not drunk or disruptive . Afterward , Jackson tweeted again : "  I was released from question and stranded in phx they will not let me fly anymore I do n't want to . . I 'm taking this to CNN " He boarded another flight to Los Angeles Tuesday morning , his rep said . Jackson 's rep provided a statement from a woman he said was seated next to Jackson on the flight , whom he did n't know before boarding . "  He was n't being rowdy at all , and definitely not intoxicated , " Elisabeth Schwarz said . "  There was another exit row in front of us that was standing , drinking and making noise . We were all in shock when the attendant insinuated other passengers were complaining . The other flight attendant even told us we were n't doing anything wrong . " Jackson 's statement also included a conciliatory quote from the actor : "  I realize this was just one flight attendant acting inappropriately and I appreciate the support of the other passengers , US Airways staff at the Phoenix airport , and the Phoenix airport police . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	US Airways "  fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation " Jackson "  was disruptive and our crew made the right decision " "  The flight attendant told him to sit down and ' I do n't care if you 're Obama 's son , " rep says "  i wish this racist generation just hurry up and die off , " actor tweeted
Sao Paulo  CNN  -- Protesters burned barricades and police blocked streets as clashes flared in Rio de Janeiro 's beachside neighborhood of Copacabana on Tuesday night . One person was killed . Residents from the Pavao-Pavaozinho favela took to the streets of Copacabana after a young male dancer was found dead , state-run Agencia Brasil said . The residents told Brazilian media they blame the police for the death , accusing authorities of mistaking the dancer for a criminal . The injuries the dancer sustained appear to be consistent with a fall , Rio de Janeiro 's State Security Secretariat said in a Twitter post , adding that his death is still being investigated . The clashes are sure to alarm authorities who are stepping up security ahead of the World Cup , which begins on June 12 . Police , backed by the Army , have stormed dozens of favelas , squeezing out drug gangs , since Rio de Janeiro launched a "  pacification " program in 2008 . They initially focused their efforts on the slums in the hills above the city 's famous beaches , setting up permanent police posts . The Pavao-Pavaozinho slum clings to the hills dividing Copacabana from the elite beach of Ipanema . Rio 's slums the hot World Cup destination ? Protests started , according to Agencia Brasil , because residents believe police caused the death Douglas Rafael da Silva Pareira . His body was found Tuesday morning . According to Brazilian media , shots were heard during the standoff with police on Tuesday evening . Globo TV reported that a resident was killed during the shootouts . Hundreds of people participated in the protest , according to Brazilian media . Shootouts are still relatively common in Rio 's favelas , and clashes with police , even in slums that have already been "  pacified , " have increased in recent months . Earlier this month , Rio requested help from the Brazilian Army . More than 2,000 soldiers and marines moved into the sprawling Complexo da Mare shantytown in the industrial north zone . The occupation will persist until the end of July , two months after the World Cup ends . Rio will host a series of games , including the final match , during the Cup . It will also be the destination of choice for many of the 600,000 foreign fans expected to fly into Brazil for the major sporting event . Poor , middle class unite in Brazil protests	Protesters in Copacabana took to the streets after a dancer was found dead , state media reported Demonstrators told Brazilian media they blame police for the death Security officials say the dancer 's injuries appear consistent with a fall The clashes come as authorities step up security before the World Cup
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Like other major financial centers such as London , Shanghai or New York , Hong Kong is home to legions of suited workers toiling long hours in vast , glass towers at breakneck speed . But in this crowded , materialistic city , there 's a man trying to build a business from de-stressing the workplace . "  The wellness of employees is the wellness of the company ; the very strength of a company is its employees , " said Dario Calvaruso , a yoga instructor who set up Holistic Wellness -- a company that offers a series of in-office programs to reduce stress . He 's on a mission to make yoga mats an essential fixture under every Hong Kong worker 's desk . The 39-year old spent 15 years living in India studying the ancient discipline , which seeks to relax those who practice it , through elongation , slow movement and controlled breathing . Opportunity When Calvaruso moved to Hong Kong in October 2011 , opportunity knocked on his door . "  Many of my friends were major company managers and approached me for private  yoga  classes , " Calvaruso said . "  After seeing its benefits they thought ` this should come to my company ' . " Within this territory 's constricted work spaces , practicing yoga requires relatively little room and minimal equipment -- a large ball and a mat are enough . As the instructor plays calm music , everyone stretches , breathes deeply and closes their eyes . "  All the team is present at the lessons and it 's a great way to start our day , " said Manuele Bosetti , general manager of the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and Macao . This organization has to deal with the day-to-day problems of its member companies and sometimes taking the time to listen can be a challenge , Bosetti told CNN . But performing yoga as a group has helped . "  We noticed that everyone at the office was more relaxed , and we managed to treat our business partners in a more kind way , " Bosetti added . Suited and ready The sight of practitioners in their work clothes surrounded by computers and other electronics may seem incongruous with relaxation and meditation , but Calvaruso believes yoga performed in his studio is similar to that done in corporate environments -- although people in the workplace may face unique problems . For example , students at a studio yoga class may practice over many years , while those in corporate settings may be unfamiliar with the discipline . "  In an office , maybe people do n't know anything about yoga , " Calvaruso told CNN . "  They may feel discomfort , frozen shoulders ; we try to release all the tension from the shoulders to give them proper alignment . " Desk ergonomics are another common focus for yoga classes in offices . And the result ? "  Employees perform better , produce more , and of course , the company has bigger profits , " Calvaruso said . Nevertheless , it can be difficult to inspire managers to interrupt their team 's workday for a few minutes of relaxation . "  In Asia ,  employee wellness  is still new , it 's growing , " said Calvaruso , who believes the region lags behind Europe and the United States when it comes to measures that actively help employees find a balance between work and leisure . This instructor 's uphill battle goes against Asia 's economic dynamism . An insatiable hunger for ever-larger returns and continuous growth is the new culture of this region , and it seems to have replaced much centuries-old wisdom that teaches spiritual development through balance , meditation and harmony with nature .	Dario Calvaruso , 39 , teaches yoga classes in a different kind of studio -- the office He spent 15 years in India studying yoga before moving to Hong Kong Corporate wellness is still a developing concept in Hong Kong Managers do n't always see the link between staff well-being and company profits
CNN  -- Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson has hailed the Champions League as the best football tournament on the planet , describing the World Cup as worse than a trip to the dentist . The Scot was replying to suggestions that Europe 's top club competition was losing its appeal ahead of the English side 's 3-0 win away to Turkish champions Bursaspor on Tuesday night . Critics of the UEFA-run event claim that there are too many meaningless games and mismatches in the group stage , with the real excitement not starting until the second round when two-leg knockout ties begin . "  The important thing is the Champions League has proved itself since its inception , " two-time tournament winner Ferguson told reporters ahead of United 's match against a side who have lost all four group games so far . "  It is better than the World Cup . It is unbelievable . There are some fantastic games . Yes , you have to get through the group stages before you get to the really exciting stage , but it is a fantastic tournament . "  If you look at the great teams in the European Cup now and think of the Premier League , you are not going to get the same crowd for Arsenal playing a lower team in the league , or the same tension and drama as you would Arsenal against Manchester United . "  It is the same in the Champions League . Inter Milan playing one of the smaller teams will not get the same crowd . " Champions Inter tumble at Tottenham Ferguson was less complimentary about FIFA 's World Cup , with the last staging in South Africa this year featuring several dull , poor-quality matches before finally taking off in the knockout stages . "  Have you seen the last six World Cups ? It is better going to the dentist , I suppose , " quipped the 68-year-old , who coached Scotland at the 1986 tournament in Mexico . United cruised to victory in the northwestern city of Bursa , despite resting several regular players , as goals from Darren Fletcher , young Frenchman Gabriel Obertan and Champions League debutant put the 2008 champions three points clear of Valencia in Group C . The Spanish club won 3-0 at home to Scottish champions Rangers . Wednesday night 's highlight will be the clash between Group G leaders Real Madrid and AC Milan in Italy . The Spanish side , who have won the European title a record nine times , will be seeking to become the first club to score 700 goals in the competition , needing one more to reach that milestone . Coach Jose Mourinho has left France midfielder Lassana Diarra out of his 21-man squad , but young Spanish defender David Mateos returns . Milan trail Real by five points after losing 2-0 in the Bernabeu two weeks ago , and come into the match following Saturday 's 3-1 defeat by Italian Serie A rivals Juventus . "  We 're going to be more careful tomorrow , " coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters on Tuesday . "  In Madrid we started the game a bit frightened and made a lot of mistakes . We must n't play like that again . "  Milan traditionally look to win by playing a good brand of football . We 'll have to take to the field light-hearted and aware of our strength and technical quality . A united group ready to defend can allow its strikers to be decisive . "	Alex Ferguson defends Champions League from accusations competition has lost appeal Manchester United manager says European tournament is better than the World Cup Veteran Scotsman describes World Cup as being worse than a trip to the dentist Real Madrid seeking to become first club to score 700 goals in top European tournament
The Obama administration is moving closer to signing off on a plan to expand training for moderate Syrian rebels , U.S. officials said . Those groups are battling forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and extremist groups linked to al Qaeda . The plan still must be approved by President Barack Obama . It would be led by the military and complement a modest CIA program for training and equipping rebels that was authorized by the White House a year ago . What to know about Syria "  There is growing recognition that the Assad regime is an enabler of extremism , " said Oubai Shahbandar , an adviser to the Syrian Opposition Council . He said the training would go to help the Free Syrian Army fight both the regime 's forces and militias and al Qaeda-linked extremists . "  The decision to expand support to opposition forces to include an expanded American training program for the moderate Free Syrian Army reflects positively on the growing strategic cooperation between the U.S. and the Syrian Opposition , " Shahbander said . He added that the recent meetings between senior administration officials , Ahmad al-Jarba , the president of the opposition council , and Abdel Ilah al-Bashir , the new chief of the rebel Free Syrian Army , are "  bearing fruit . "	Plan still must be approved by President Barack Obama It would go along with a CIA program approved a year ago to train and equip rebels Syrian opposition adviser says the al-Assad regime is an "  enabler of extremism "
CNN  -- The atmosphere is hushed and quiet as about 150 people take their seats . They 're each clutching a folder and a tiny American flag . A few whisper about being nervous , but ca n't quite articulate why . It 's the ubiquitous butterflies in the stomach that seem to come with any big day , any big decision . As big days go , this is one of the biggest . All these people are about to become citizens of the United States . They 'll gain the right to vote , to work certain jobs , to serve on a jury and to run for office . In about an hour , at the end of their citizenship ceremony in Atlanta , they 'll officially be American by choice . Jutka Emoke Barabas remembers that jittery feeling well . She was naturalized in 2000 in Honolulu , where she still lives , and is one of several CNN iReporters who spoke about why they chose to become American citizens . "  Everyone arrived too early and we found ourselves standing and waiting , hardly able to contain our excitement , " she said . "  Everyone seemed to speak at the same time as they shared their stories with one another . " There was a soldier from Cambodia , and Emoke Barabas herself , a political refugee from Hungary . As a writer with dissenting views , Emoke Barabas said she had been thrown in a Romanian prison under former dictator Nicolae Ceausescu . Her father showed her a photo of the Statue of Liberty , telling her , "  This is the place where freedom lives . " After her release , she said she made it to Switzerland and , eventually , to the United States in 1990 . Ten years later , she became a U.S. citizen . "  For me , American citizenship means freedom of expression and to live and work in a free country ... and not have to be afraid of being arrested or harassed because of owning certain common books or pictures , " said Emoke Barabas . She also feels a sense of responsibility to her adopted country . "  To be an American is not just a great honor , but also an obligation to do more and reach higher . " Naturalized citizen : Four reasons why "  America is the best " It has been a long wait in the Atlanta heat for the immigrants waiting to be naturalized this morning . The first in line arrived around 8 a.m. for a ceremony that starts at 9:30 . But this is just the last stretch of the years-long marathon that most of them have been through to become Americans . For most people , it takes at least five years to become a citizen , and that 's after you already have a green card -- permanent residency status -- a process that can take years itself . Many people at the ceremony have been in the United States for 10 years or more . One woman moved here in 1978 . Mario Imania knows how she feels . It took him 17 years to become a citizen . He came to the United States from Bolivia in 1988 for school and was n't naturalized until 2005 . "  I 'm thankful for the opportunity to stay , study and work -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- , but it was not free by any means , " said Imania . "  The process was a nightmare that never ended : thousands of dollars and many years of fear and hopelessness . " Would he do it again ? Yes , he said . Even though the United States did n't quite live up to all his expectations -- he feels society judges him based on "  race , color , origin , looks and , yes , marital status "  Imania is gay  -- he still said , "  I love you United States . You 're home at the end . " It 's almost time . Friends and family start to stream in to the ceremony room -- they had to wait until all the candidates for citizenship were seated -- and the atmosphere relaxes a little . There are waves and smiles , a few excited babies and children . The room is now full with the candidates and their loved ones . The cameras start to come out . Roland Tadoum is one of those who clicked his camera all during his naturalization ceremony , too . He became a citizen in 2007 , having moved to the United States from Cameroon 13 years earlier . "  I 'd just graduated from high school , the political situation in Cameroon was evolving into a multiparty system , the country 's currency had been devalued , the banks were failing , unemployment was at its highest , university officials and professors were constantly on strike , " he said . "  It was a simple decision . " CNN iReport : "  I am accepted for what I am , not for what I represent " Once in the United States , Tadoum earned his B.S. in computer science and went on to get an MBA . Today , he 's a senior project manager for a large health care company . "  I do n't know if my achievement could be reversed for an American moving to Cameroon , " said Tadoum . Three officials approach the podium and the ceremony begins . Lights are dimmed , and the audience rises as a recording of the national anthem comes over the speakers . The officials say 54 countries are represented in today 's naturalization ceremony . They list each one , asking the people from said country to rise , and every nationality mentioned is met with applause . Brazil , Ghana , Iran and South Korea get the loudest cheers . Everyone is standing now , all their countries ' names having been listed . The time has come . "  Ladies and gentlemen , please raise your right hand . " Cameras flash , phones shoot video . Friends and family of the naturalization candidates surround them in the room , capturing the oath of citizenship . They finally finish the lengthy oath and there are claps and cheers . They are now Americans , citizens of the United States . Many are holding and waving their little American flags . Now it 's time to say the Pledge of Allegiance . They stand with their hands over their hearts and face the flag . "  Pledging allegiance to the flag was one of the proudest moments of my life , " remembers Stephen Park , who attended his own naturalization ceremony in 2005 . Originally from Scotland , he moved to the States to be with his wife , who is from Chicago . The pair met online and decided to build their new life together in the United States . Park had a green card , "  but that was n't enough for me , " he decided . "  I believe strongly in the Constitution of this country and just having the right to work here was n't enough . I wanted the right to vote and I wanted the right to call myself American . " "  No other country gives you the right to pursue happiness , and that is the right that I have grabbed firmly with both hands , " Park said . "  A lot of people complain about this country ... but try living elsewhere without all the rights that you take for granted . In some ways , we immigrants are the lucky ones ; we see more clearly the opportunities that this great nation affords all its people . " Immigrant : Becoming American does n't mean giving up native culture The citizenship ceremony only takes about 40 minutes in total . The new citizens grin as they are each handed their certificate of naturalization . Most stick around to take photos in front of the large American flag next to the podium , or a portrait of President Obama that is hanging on the wall . They proudly display their certificates of naturalization and wave their flags for the camera . They 're Americans now -- Americans by choice .	This July Fourth , we ask naturalized citizens why they chose to become Americans Some wanted a better education or career opportunities Others needed to escape political or economic turmoil See the process of naturalization through the eyes of immigrants
Istanbul  CNN  -- Crowds of mourners gathered Sunday to bury a young man in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir after clashes the previous day between Kurdish protesters and Turkish security forces turned deadly . A member of parliament from a pro-Kurdish political party told CNN at least two people were shot dead in Saturday 's clashes , with at least two more in critical condition . The violence unsettled a peace process between the Turkish government and Kurdish rebels , who have been waging a guerrilla war in the predominantly Kurdish southeast for 30 years . The Diyarbakir governor 's office put the blame for the unrest squarely on what it described as "  attackers , " according to a statement released online Saturday . "  As a result of an armed attack on security forces ensuring security on the Diyarbakir-Bingol road , two attackers were injured . One attacker was airlifted to Dicle University by military helicopter but lost his life despite all efforts , " the governor 's office said . But Sebahat Tuncel , a parliament member from the pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party , blamed the deaths on the Turkish government . Tuncel told CNN that locals had been demonstrating for more than two weeks against the construction of new outposts for Turkish security forces near Lice . "  A week ago I was there and what the people there were telling me is ` We do n't believe they  the government  are earnest about the peace process . People who are honest about the peace process would not be building more outposts , ' " said Tuncel , speaking by phone from the funeral of Ramazan Baran . Baran , 24 , died in Saturday 's clashes . For more than a year , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in negotiations with Abdullah Ocalan , the jailed leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . The Turkish state , as well as the United States and the European Union , have long designated the PKK a terrorist organization . The negotiations brought a relative lull to violence that has claimed the lives of more than 30,000 people in southeastern Turkey over the last three decades . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . They were long the target of discriminatory policies , which banned the use of the Kurdish language and even Kurdish names . Since his party was first elected to power in 2002 , Erdogan has implemented a number of reforms , including creating a Kurdish-language state TV channel , removing the ban on the Kurdish letters "  q , " "  x " and "  w , " and allowing Kurdish-language education in some private schools .	At least two people shot dead in Saturday clashes , lawmaker from pro-Kurdish party says Local governor 's office says "  attackers " responsible for violence But lawmaker from pro-Kurdish party blames Turkish government for deaths Violence unsettles peace process between Turkish government and Kurdish rebels
CNN  -- Turks have picked prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be the country 's first directly elected president . Erdogan secured 52 % of the votes in the first round of the presidential election , narrowly avoiding a runoff , according to Turkish election board . Turkey is a parliamentary democracy and the prime minister is the head of its government . The president 's role is more formal , and represents the country as the head of the state -- similar to the Queen in the UK . But Erdogan has already indicated he would like to see more powers being transferred to the presidential palace , speaking about a "  new era " in his victory speech . "  With the president elected directly by the citizens , all barriers between the people and the presidential palace have been removed , " he was reported as saying in his speech by the Turkish media . Here is what you need to know about the historic election . Why does Erdogan want to be president if he is more powerful as prime minister ? The former mayor of Istanbul and the leader and co-founder of the Justice and Development Party  AKP  came to power in 2003 and has been serving his third term as prime minister . While the constitution would have allowed Erdogan to run again when his term finishes next year , his own party rules prohibited him from seeking fourth term . His transition to presidency was seen as a logical step for a politician who wanted to maintain political power . Karabekir Akkoyunlu , researcher at the London School of Economics , said the country 's constitution -- drawn up by the military junta in 1982 -- gave the head of state significant authority . Erdogan , Akkoyunlu said , would likely push those to the limit by " invoking the ` national will ' he claims to embody . " What issues will he face next ? The Kurdish peace process is one of the most pressing issues of the coming months . Turkey passed a law in July establishing a legal framework for peace talks with the Kurdish militants to end three decades of insurgency . "  The Kurdish peace process is also linked with regional dynamics and the rise of the Islamic State , which is now threatening the Kurds in northern Iraq and Syria , " Akkoyunlu said . Erdogan will also have to work with the government in trying to tackle Turkey 's economic troubles . The IMF and OECD have both warned Turkey 's economy remains vulnerable to dangers outside its borders . High inflation , low employment and the country 's chronic inequality are putting it at risk . Who else was running ? The main opposition parties , the Republican People 's Party  CHP  and the Nationalist Movement Party  MHP  had nominated Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu as their joint candidate . The former secretary general of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation  OIC  was campaigning on the idea of national unity and secured 38 % of the vote . Selahattin Demirtas , a left-wing politician popular with Turkey 's Kurdish minority , ran for the Peoples ' Democratic Party  HDP  and finished third with 10 % . Around 25 % of people in Turkey identify themselves as Kurdish . Why does this matter ? Turkey 's geographical position and cultural make-up has contributed to the country being seen as a powerful bridge between Asia and Europe . Its membership of NATO and candidacy to join the European Union reflect its importance . The country 's $ 800 billion economy is among the 20 biggest in the world and attracts $ 200 billion in foreign direct investment every year . Turkey also plays a key role in the Middle East , bordering Syria , Iraq and Iran . Read more : How Turkey turned into economic mess Opinion : Turkey 's Teflon politician targets top post John Defterios : Erdogan looks to secure his place in history	Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan has won the country 's first direct presidential election The president 's role is more formal , he represents the country as the head of the state But Erdogan has already indicated he will seek more powers as the president
CNN  -- Imagine discovering a plant that has the potential to help alleviate post-traumatic stress disorder , suicidal thoughts and paralyzing anxiety . That 's what some believe ayahuasca can do , and this psychedelic drink is attracting more and more tourists to the Amazon . If you Google "  ayahuasca , " you 'll find a litany of stories about Hollywood celebrities espousing its benefits , as well as the dangers of this relatively unstudied substance that triggers hallucinations . On this Sunday 's episode of "  This Is Life , " Lisa Ling goes inside an ayahuasca ceremony in Peru and talks to the men and women who are drinking this potent brew in hopes that it will alleviate their mental and emotional traumas . Here are six things to know about ayahuasca , which some call a drug and others call a medicine : War vets are seeking it for PTSD Former Marine Lance Cpl. Ryan LeCompte organizes trips to Peru for war veterans , like himself , who are seeking ayahuasca as a possible treatment for PTSD and other emotional and mental trauma suffered after multiple combat deployments . He says he 's aware of the risks , as there 's very little known about ayahuasca 's effect on the body , but he says "  it 's a calculated risk . " "  Ayahuasca is a way to give relief to those who are suffering , " says LeCompte , who says many veterans are not satisfied with the PTSD treatment they receive when they return from combat . "  It 's just , ` Here 's a pill , here 's a Band-Aid . ' The ayahuasca medicine is a way to , instead of sweeping your dirt under the rug , you know , these medicines force you to take the rug outside and beat it with a stick until it 's clean , " LeCompte explains . "  And that 's how I prefer to clean my house . " Libby , an airman 1st class , is one of the veterans who accompanied LeCompte to Peru to try ayahuasca for her PTSD diagnosis , which includes sexual trauma while on active duty . She says antidepressants made her more suicidal . "  I would like to wish not to die all the time , " she said , when asked why she was seeking ayahuasca . "  I want that to go away " It 's endorsed by some Hollywood celebrities As more ayahuasca centers pop up in the United States , not surprisingly , celebrities including Sting and Lindsay Lohan have spoken publicly about their experiences with the substance -- albeit illegal outside of religious purposes in the United States . Lohan , who has struggled with addiction , called her ayahuasca experience "  eye-opening " and "  intense . " "  I saw my whole life in front of me , and I had to let go of past things that I was trying to hold on to that were dark in my life , " she said on her OWN reality series "  Linsday . " Sting said he and his wife , Trudie Styler , traveled to a church in the Amazon where they tried ayahuasca , which the British singer said made him feel like he was "  wired to the entire cosmos . " It 's not a cure Those of have tried ayahuasca say that any benefits -- like with other drugs or medicine -- must be combined with therapy . "  If you think you 're just going to take ` joy juice ' ... you 're nuts , " explained author and ayahuasca expert Peter Gorman , who settled in Iquitos , Peru , during the first wave of ayahuasca tourism in the 1990s . "  The five years of work to get rid of -LSB- mental trauma -RSB- is still gon na be on you . " Gorman , author of "  Ayahuasca in My Blood , " explains that ayahuasca can help "  dislodge that negative energy " and show people what their life could be like without the negativity . " -LSB- Then -RSB- you can go back home and work on getting rid of it . " And it used to be taken by only the shaman Gorman says ayahuasca traditions in the Amazon have changed since Western tourists began seeking its benefits . "  Traditionally , the shaman drinks -LSB- ayahuasca -RSB- , he accesses other realms of reality to find out where the dissonance is , that if the shaman corrects , will eliminate the -LSB- symptoms -RSB- -- could be physical , could be emotional , could be bad luck , " Gorman explains . " -LSB- Then -RSB- we Americans come , and we said we insist on drinking the damn stuff -- we want our lives changed and we want that experience , so that certainly set things right on its head . " You can even buy ayahuasca powders and extracts online and in the local markets in the Peruvian Amazon , but Gorman warns "  you do n't know what it would be . " As more and more Western tourists consume ayahuasca , Gorman says it has him worried . "  I 've had this feeling in my bones for five or six years that something could go slightly wrong here that could sour a lot of stuff . " Some ayahuasca tourists have died In April , 19-year-old Briton Henry Miller died after taking part in an ayahuasca ceremony in Colombia , according to various media reports . And Kyle Nolan , an 18-year-old from northern California , died under similar circumstances in August 2012 in Peru . The shaman who provided Nolan with the ayahuasca and who initially lied about his death was sentenced to three years in prison , his mother , Ingeborg Oswald , told CNN . There have been other reported deaths , as well as reports of physical and sexual assaults . Writer Lily Kay Ross says she survived sexual abuse by an ayahuasca shaman . "  We have to take seriously the potential for harm alongside the huge potential for benefit , " Ross says on a video on a fundraising website for the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council . "  Standards of safety and ethics would go a long way in making sure that this kind of abuse is n't experienced by anyone else . " Ron Wheelock , an American shaman who leads an ayahuasca healing center in the Peruvian Amazon , says he fears there may be more deaths . "  I hate to say it , yes there probably will be , " he told Lisa Ling . "  It 's in the cards " There 's a movement to create safe ayahuasca Through IndieGogo.com , the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council is raising money to create a health guide for ayahuasca centers in the Amazon , so tourists know which centers are safe and harvesting the plants in a sustainable manner that supports the local communities . The idea would be to put the ESC 's logo outside ayahuasca ceremony sites to signify those centers that meet the council 's criteria for safety and sustainability . In addition , there are efforts to study the medicinal benefits of ayahuasca so that it can be regulated and legalized in the United States , explains Rick Doblin , executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies . "  At a time when drug policy is being reevaluated , when marijuana looks like it 's on the road toward legalization , when psychedelic medicine is moving forward through the FDA and we can envision a time when psychedelics are available as prescription medicines , how ayahuasca should be handled in a regulatory context is really up in the air , " Doblin said .	Ayahuasca , or yage , is a brew made from a plant in the Amazon Some believe it can help with mental trauma and PTSD But there have been some deaths associated with it Go inside an ayahuasca ceremony on "  This Is Life With Lisa Ling " at 10 p.m. ET on CNN
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian police have arrested two more suspects and are looking for two others in the reported gang rape of a female photographer in Mumbai , authorities said . One person had been arrested earlier Saturday . The alleged rape of the 23-year-old woman in the financial hub of Mumbai on Thursday is the latest shocking sexual assault to make headlines in the South Asian nation . The unidentified victim and a male colleague were on assignment in the area for a print publication when some of the men approached them , according to Mumbai police commissioner Satypal Singh . The two had walked from a train station to a nearby mill , the woman said in a statement released by police . Two people approached them , then a third came in , claiming to be a railway employee and saying , "  Our boss has seen you taking photos , you will have to come with us . " According to the woman , this third man refused to let her talk to his boss , instead leading them away . Then , sometime near the exit , one of the accused pointed at the photojournalist 's colleague as being responsible for a killing in that location a few days ago . "  I pleaded with them to let us go , but they shouted at me and threatened me , " the woman said . She and her colleague were taken further inside the mill complex . There , they offered their camera and phone , begging to be let go . Instead , "  they tied my friend 's hands with  a  belt " as two others joined the group , the woman said . "  Three people stayed with my friend , and the two took me behind a wall , " she added . That 's where the attack allegedly occurred -- even as the victim said her mother called her phone multiple times , before one of the men switched it off . The woman said she was threatened with , among other things , sharp pieces of a broken beer bottle . Police have since released sketches of all five suspects . The victim was in stable condition at a local hospital , The attack rocked Mumbai residents , who consider their city safer than the capital , New Delhi . According to the National Crime Records Bureau , 221 rape cases were reported in Mumbai in 2012 . But figures provided by the government show that there has been a rape reported to police every day in Mumbai between January and March . The average number of reported rapes in a month in 2013 in the city rose to 30.33 , from 19.25 in 2012 . Delhi Police said the number of reported rapes in the capital had jumped from 179 for the first 3 1/2 months of last year to 463 for the same period this year . A rise in the number of rapes reported does not necessarily mean that more are being committed . It may be that recent high-profile cases have encouraged women to come forward with complaints . The case mirrors the December gang rape and death of a 23-year-old university student in the Indian capital . The victim later died at a hospital in Singapore , sparking an outcry that quickly grew to include widespread concerns about women 's safety and inequalities , triggering demonstrations in various cities . In response , the nation 's lawmakers have introduced tougher laws and punishments for sexual crimes and harassment . Despite such action , frequent episodes of sexual violence are reported in India . Across India , 24,923 cases of rape were reported last year , according to the National Crime Records Bureau . Journalist Dharmesh Thakkar contributed to this report from Mumbai , and CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Victim says she and her colleague were approached in a mill compound NEW : As her friend was tied up , she says she was taken behind a wall and assaulted Police say the photographer was attacked in a deserted area of Mumbai India has seen multiple high-profile sexual violence cases since a New Delhi gang rape
MEXICO CITY  CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon outlined a series of economic recovery measures Wednesday , including freezing gasoline prices for the rest of the year and lowering natural gas prices by 10 percent . Mexican President Felipe Calderon announces his economic recovery proposals on Wednesday . Calderon also announced an ambitious agenda to help rebuild the nation 's highways , bridges and other public-use facilities . The National Infrastructure Program , as he called it , will spend 570 billion pesos  $ 42 billion  . Petroleos Mexicanos , the nationally owned oil industry , will receive an additional 17 billion pesos  $ 1.2 billion  . Calderon made his wide-ranging announcement in a nationally televised speech attended by his wife , Cabinet members , governors and other public and private officials . He said Mexico is in better shape this year to fight off recession than it was in previous instances . The recovery plan will address five areas : employment aid , family finances , competitiveness , infrastructure , and actions toward public spending that is more transparent and efficient . In all , Calderon promised to spend billions of pesos to help Mexicans weather the global financial storm . For example , Calderon pledged 2.6 billion pesos  $ 193 million  to improve a Social Security program for unemployed Mexicans , increasing from two months to six months the time they will receive medical and maternity coverage . Other programs he announced also carried hefty price tags . The government will spend 2.2 billion pesos  $ 163 million  to help Mexicans who are unemployed or underemployed , Calderon said . The recovery measure includes financing to help poor families buy more energy-efficient electrical appliances . The government will set aside 750 million pesos  $ 55 million  to pay 50 percent of the costs of replacing old appliances . To help businesses , the federal government will make at least 20 percent of its purchases from small - and medium-size companies , Calderon said . The government also will establish a 5 billion peso  $ 372 million  fund to start a "  Made in Mexico " program for businesses to sell supplies to the national petroleum industry .	Mexico leader says gasoline prices will be frozen for rest of year Also planned is ambitious program to rebuild nation 's infrastructure Billions of pesos will be spent to help Mexicans weather financial storm Plan also calls for steps to aid small - and medium-size companies
CNN  -- Former British army officer William Shaw , who was serving a two-year sentence in Kabul 's infamous Pul-e-Charki jail for bribery , has been acquitted , his daughter told CNN on Sunday . Daughter Lisa Luckyn-Malone could not provide additional information . Afghan officials could not immediately be reached for comment . Shaw , who served 28 years in the British forces , was sentenced for bribery in April -- accused of paying $ 25,000 to an Afghan intelligence official . Bribery under Afghan law requires the person who received the money to be a government employee . That was not the case for Shaw , according to his lawyer , Kimberly Motely . Shaw 's employer , security company G4S , authorized him to pay the $ 25,000 in good faith as a fee to the Afghan intelligence service to have two vehicles released from their custody . That was in October 2009 , and the vehicles were released . At the request of G4S , Shaw returned to the intelligence service on several occasions to ask for receipts for the cash , according to his family . Five months later , he was called in to the intelligence service for questioning and arrested . The former military serviceman who once received a top award from the Queen was sent to the Afghan super-max jail and locked up in solitary confinement . The Afghan intelligence service had sent two letters to the judges dealing with Shaw 's case informing them the man who took the $ 25,000 from Shaw was not a government employee , according to Motely . The British Embassy in Afghanistan said it was pleased for Shaw and his family . "  We welcome the appeal court 's decision which is now subject to finalization in the Supreme Court , " an embassy spokeswoman said . "  The UK continues to strongly support the work of the Afghan government to counter corruption and reinforce the rule of law in Afghanistan . "	Shaw served 28 years in British forces He was accused of paying $ 25,000 to an Afghan intelligence official He had been jailed in the super-max Pul-e-Charki jail in Kabul
CNN  -- Two South African rugby players were sent home from their national team 's tour of Europe on Monday after testing positive for a banned drug . Mahlatse "  Chiliboy " Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson were provisionally suspended from all rugby after the South African Rugby Union was informed of the results late on Sunday . Winger Basson and forward Ralepelle were found to have used the stimulant methylhexaneamine after being randomly tested following the Springboks ' 23-21 win over Ireland on November 6 . "  The players have the right to request that their ` B ' sample be tested , " the SARU said on its website . "  The pair returned an adverse analytical finding for methylhexaneamine , a "  non-specified stimulant " on the prohibited substances list of the World Anti-Doping Agency . It is scheduled to be re-classified as a "  specified stimulant " from January 1 , 2011 . " Basson missed Saturday 's 34-12 win over Wales with an ankle injury suffered in Dublin and was due to leave the tour anyway . Ralepelle , who became the first black player to captain South Africa in a warm-up match earlier in the tour , came on the field as a substitute in Cardiff after not being used against Ireland . They became the latest in a growing list of athletes to test positive for the stimulant methylhexaneamine , which is used in nasal decongestants but has also been an ingredient in now-illegal recreational drugs . Last year , five Jamaican runners were ruled out of the World Athletics Championships and the World Anti-Doping Agency subsequently added the drug to its 2010 prohibited list . Two Nigerian sprinters tested positive for it at October 's Commonwealth Games in India , with Damola Osayemi losing her gold medal in the women 's 100 meters . Portuguese cyclists Rui Costa and his brother Mario also tested positive that month , while Australia 's Daily Telegraph reported that nine sportspeople from that country had done likewise . South Africa coach Peter de Villiers said his staff were trying to find out what lay behind the positive tests . "  We have to look at what might have caused this and we do n't want to put the players at risk . If there is something that we are taking as a squad that might have caused this then we must find that out now , " he told the website of South African television channel SuperSport . "  When I informed the two players that they had been tested positive they were both extremely shocked and disappointed . The rest of the team were also gutted when they heard . I was informed of this at 2 a.m. this morning , and now we must follow the correct processes as laid down by the International Rugby Board . " SuperSport reported that Springboks team doctor Craig Roberts said both Ralepelle and Basson had been taking medication for illnesses . It also said that young South African rugby player Johan Goosen was recently banned for three months after his urine test showed up methylhexaneamine , while	Rugby players become the latest in a growing list of athletes to test positive for drug Methylhexaneamine is used in nasal decongestants but is a banned stimulant Mahlatse "  Chiliboy " Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson sent home from tour of Europe South Africa coach Peter De Villiers hoping to find the cause of the positive tests
CNN  A tenacious Tunisia broke the deadlock in Group B to put one foot in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations . The 2004 champions were the first team to win a match in the so-called "  Group of Draw " with a 2-1 victory over Zambia . The second qualifying place from Group B is still up for grabs , however , after Cape Verde and the Democratic Republic of Congo played out a goalless draw in the late game . That result will cheer the free-flowing Zambians , who had created the best chances as dusk began to settle around the tree-fringed Estadio De Ebebiyin . Captain Rainford Kalaba and Emmanuel Mayuka fed off one another up front but shot after shot failed to find its target . The 2012 champions -- who had not lost an AFCON match since 2010 -- had to wait until the 59th minute for Mayuka to fire them into a deserved lead . Kalaba darted through the Tunisia defense to set up Mayuka , who buried the ball deep into the net and celebrated with a series of back flips . The striker 's acrobatics proved more painful just minutes later . As he stretched to reach another cross from Kalaba , his legs split wide and he was eventually carried off the field . The untimely injury to the talismanic striker , who is on the books of English Premier League side Southampton , was the turning point of the match . While he was being treated on the sidelines , Tunisia spied a chance to take a run at 10-man Zambia . The equalizer , a tap in by Ahmed Akaichi , came all too easily . As darkness fell on the town of Ebebiyin , in the north east corner of host nation Equatorial Guinea , the crowd raised its voice , urging on a winner . The decisive goal came from Tunisia captain Yassine Chikhaoui in the 89th minute when the FC Zurich player rose clear , heading the ball into the net . "  That was not the Zambia I know , " the team captain Kalaba told reporters . "  I do n't know what came into the mind of my colleagues after we scored . I was shocked to see the way they played . " Tunisia now leads Group B on four points ahead of Cape Verde and DR Congo on two points and Zambia , which has a single point . The second match at the lively Estadio De Ebebiyin saw Cape Verde and DR Congo play out a physical , often scrappy , draw . Cape Verde represent the smallest country at AFCON -- the island territory stretches to just 1.5 square miles -- but the ` Blue Sharks ' have big ambitions . At its tournament debut in the 2013 edition of AFCON , the islanders reached the quarter finals and Rui Aguas ' men came close to joining Tunisia on the cusp of the last eight again , Thursday . The ball was inches from the line when defender Admilson Barros -- known as Gege -- attempted to bundle it into the net only to be denied by the swift fingers of Robert Kidiaba . The Congo DR keeper then stooped low to brilliantly deny Heldon Ramos when he had wriggled his way clear on goal . The Leopards ' threat was blunted early in the match when West Bromwich Albion midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu limped off . Cedrick Mabwati emerged as Congo DR 's target man but there was ultimately no breakthrough for either side . The "  Group of Draw " may be no more but Zambia , Congo DR and Cape Verde are all hunting an elusive win in Monday 's decisive Group B matches .	Tunisia stage a late comeback to defeat Zambia 2-1 in the Africa Cup of Nations Ahmed Akaichi and captain Yassine Chikhaoui find the net for Tunisia Congo DR and Cape Verde draw to keep Group B qualification hopes alive
El Arish , Egypt  CNN  -- Clashes intensified Wednesday in Egypt 's North Sinai as Egyptian forces launched aerial strikes on militants in response to a series of attacks by masked gunmen on military checkpoints . Egyptian army Apache helicopters fired rockets at armed militants , and there were numerous casualties , said Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of North Sinai security . State-run Nile TV reported that aerial strikes killed at least 20 in the port town of El Arish . The assault came after masked gunmen launched six simultaneous attacks in North Sinai early Wednesday , wounding five security officers and a civilian . The targets included five security checkpoints and a military cement factory , he said . Egypt 's military leadership , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , issued a statement Wednesday saying that the operation targeting "  armed terrorist elements " in Sinai "  has accomplished this task with complete success . " Two security sources who did not want to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media told CNN that militants are concentrated in Jabal Al Halal in mid-Sinai . They are armed with rocket-propelled grenades , anti-aircraft guns and other weapons , including landmines , the sources said . Security forces had failed in previous attempts to enter what is referred to as "  Al Halal Mountain , " the sources said . But air assaults , which began Tuesday night and were continuing Wednesday , killed many of the militants , they said . Still , land mines and the potential for ambushes made it difficult to enter the area using ground vehicles , they said . Khaled Fouda , the governor of Southern Sinai , declared a state of emergency in all state sectors in the province , including a reduction in the number of tourist buses in order to ensure vehicles servicing tourists will be guarded . A political shakeup occurred amid the violence . The state-run Middle East News Agency said the governor of Northern Sinai was sacked and a new general intelligence agency head chosen after his predecessor received an "  early " retirement . The violence , which comes days after another attack in Sinai , is a foreign policy test for Egypt 's new government and its president , Mohamed Morsy , a former longtime leader in the Muslim Brotherhood 's political movement , over its relations with Israel . Islamists such as the Muslim Brotherhood and many other Egyptians abhor Israel and its peace treaty with Egypt . Israel , which borders Sinai , raised concerns about terrorism in the region after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year . Morsy 's "  response to this crisis will provide the first real evidence of his oft-stated commitment to foreign diplomats that he will respect Egypt 's international agreements , that is , maintain the peace treaty with Israel , " said Robert Satloff and Eric Trager , analysts with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , a Washington-based think tank . Egypt 's president condemns deadly attack in Sinai They wrote that assessment a day after 16 Egyptian soldiers were killed and seven wounded when assailants with semi-automatic weapons and hand grenades stole two armored vehicles from Egyptian forces and tried to enter Israel . The attack , which took place Sunday near the Rafah border crossing , prompted Egypt to block hundreds of smuggling tunnels into the Palestinian territory of Gaza , Bakr said . The Egyptian government shut the Rafah border "  indefinitely " after the attack . Israel blamed militants associated with the group Global Jihad for the Sunday attack . Egyptian military officials called the assailants "  enemies " of the nation , while the Muslim Brotherhood said the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad was behind the killings . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack . Israel has handed over the charred remains of six assailants to Egypt , and the remains have been transferred to the Forensic Department in Cairo University for DNA tests in an attempt to identify the perpetrators , according to State TV . A source close to the Egyptian military operation in northern Sinai who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media told CNN of coordination between Egyptian and Israeli authorities to permit the use "  of combat helicopters and hundreds of additional troops in the demilitarized zone on the Egyptian side . " "  According to the Camp David Accords , both sides must agree before allowing additional troops on either side of the borders . Israel agreed to allow Egypt to move hundreds of additional troops into the Sinai Peninsula for the second time since the January 2011 uprising that toppled Mubarak , " the source said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned last month during her visit to Egypt that the desert border between Israel and Egypt could become an "  operational base " for jihadists if security is not maintained . In an interview with CNN , Clinton said the problem was discussed during her meetings in Egypt and Israel . There is "  the potential of jihadists and terrorists taking up an operational base in Sinai , " Clinton said in the interview . "  We think this is a dangerous situation for both Egypt and Israel . It is also dangerous for Americans . We have Americans who are part of the multinational force that observes the continuation of the monitoring  of the  Camp David Accord . We have Americans in the Sinai . We 've had a few concerns about their safety . " Israel captured the Sinai Peninsula in the 1967 Six-Day War and returned the land to Egypt after the countries signed a peace treaty at Camp David in 1979 . Since Mubarak 's ouster , "  terrorists have worked continuously to manufacture tensions between Egypt and Israel , attacking the gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan 15 times and launching a deadly cross-border raid on Israel last August that catalyzed a near-crisis in bilateral relations , " Satloff and Trager said . Satloff and Trager said Morsy "  has sought to cover his bets " on the Sinai issue . "  On the one hand , he issued a strong declaration condemning the attack , vowed to catch and punish the culprits , and traveled to El Arish with Field Marshal Muhammad Hussein Tantawi to assess the situation himself . On the other hand , he also permitted his Muslim Brotherhood colleagues to issue a venomous statement blaming Israel 's intelligence agency , Mossad , for the attack and warning Egyptians to beware of those trying to sabotage the revolution . " But they said a "  responsible leader , one who wants international support to bolster his flagging economy , can not play childish games that pander to the worst instincts of Egyptian public opinion . Indeed , any serious effort to prevent terrorist infiltration in Sinai requires coordination with Israel , which -- even if kept in the shadows -- can not proceed in an environment of public vilification . " The paper said that , in light of the Sunday attack , Egypt should make improvements in its Sinai presence and realize that the United States sees Sinai "  as an essential aspect of Egyptian-Israeli peace . " A failure to improve security on the peninsula could trigger an overall reassessment of the U.S. military assistance package , with an eye to updating this 1980s-era relationship for the current environment . "  Last year , under an annex to the treaty with Israel , Egypt was permitted to move an additional seven battalions into the Sinai . Yet these forces are reportedly underequipped and have avoided patrolling terrorist hotspots , " the paper said , referring to the violence in El Arish and Rafah . "  Moreover , according to reports , Egypt 's security presence along the border with Israel is dangerously deficient -- so much so that Israeli patrols are occasionally obliged to provide food and other essentials to their Egyptian counterparts . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Dealing with Sinai is a foreign policy test for Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy Strikes come after attack by gunmen wound five security officers and a civilian Apache helicopters from the Egyptian army fire rockets at armed militants ; at least 20 killed The violence comes just days after another attack in Sinai that killed 16 Egyptian soldiers
CNN  -- You could say there is only one swing state that really matters in 2012 : Germany . Whether  and how and when  Germany acts to save the euro will exert huge influence over the U.S. economy , too , and thus over the outcome of the presidential election . Next question : How much influence ? Everybody agrees that the troubles in the eurozone hurt the U.S. economy . When your trading partners slump , you slump with them . Everybody agrees that the uncertainty over the future of the euro currency worries U.S. financial markets . If the currency fails , European banks plunge into a crisis that would be a replay of the shock of 2008 . But what remains deeply uncertain is the upside of the equation : How much benefit would the U.S. gain , if Europe did somehow find a solution to the euro problem ? It 's clear that German Chancellor Angela Merkel has the power by saying "  no " to lose the presidency for Barack Obama . Could she win it for him with a "  yes " ? By the trade numbers , faster growth in Europe would seem relatively unimportant to the U.S. economy . Trade accounts for only about a quarter of the U.S. economy , and trade with the entire European Union represents less than a fifth of that one-fifth . Now remember that the European Union includes a number of important countries , such as the United Kingdom , that do not use the euro . And the largest economy in the eurozone , Germany , continues to buy and sell strongly . A fillip to the economies of Spain , Italy and France would be welcome news but hardly decisive to a U.S. economy still recovering from its own financial crisis . Yet trade numbers may understate the story . Here in the U.S. , the raw materials for recovery are all at hand . U.S. corporations are earning record profits . They have accumulated vast reserves of cash . They are investing , and they have begun to hire , too . As Obama likes to note , more people are at work today in the U.S. private sector than on the day he took office .  He does not add that far fewer were at work when the recession began in December 2007 . In aggregate , though , the pace of recovery continues weak . The rocket is lifting off , but it is not achieving escape velocity . Something more is needed ! The program needed to save the euro could provide a piece of that "  something . " To save the euro , Germany will have to agree not only to a financial rescue of other countries ' banks but to a big program to stimulate the German economy , still one of the world 's top five . Somebody has to buy , and with China and India slowing down , Germany -- a much richer country -- would emerge as what the U.S. was in the early 2000s : the world 's consumer of last resort . Over the horizon , we can see the dawn of the next great chapter of U.S. economic expansion : the conversion from coal-fired electricity to a new energy economy based on the exploitation of the vast quantities of natural gas entrapped in U.S. shale formations . Gas emits only about half as much carbon dioxide per unit of energy as coal , so it is more environmentally benign as well as cheap . The conversion process will be a vast undertaking , putting money and people to work . To close the gap from here to there , though , the U.S. needs a jolt . Could a euro rescue administer it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Whether Germany saves the euro is key to 2012 U.S. election He says Merkel has power to ease crisis , boost world economy America 's economy is poised to grow sharply , if uncertainty over euro is eased , he says Frum : Obama 's re-election could hinge on the actions of the German government
CNN  -- U.S. Open champion Novak Djokovic has vowed to win the French Open -- the only major championship he failed to win this year -- and in the process complete a career Grand Slam . The 24-year-old Serb , talking to CNN after his four-set victory over Spain 's Rafael Nadal at Flushing Meadows , believes his form is so good he can break Nadal 's virtual monopoly on the clay court event . "  It is going to take a lot of effort . I do n't think that I need to change anything specific in my game , " Djokovic said . "  I need to believe . I need to get out there and go for my shots . I need to maintain that . It is not an easy thing to do . Clay ... is a slower surface in the sport and requires a different approach and Nadal has been winning the French Open for so many year in a row . Can anybody break the dominance of Djokovic ? "  It is going to be difficult to win against him on that tournament . But I am confident that I have a better chance than I ever did next year . " Djokovic 's victory in the U.S. Open was just the tip of what has been a remarkable year . It is his third Grand Slam of 2011 following his triumphs at Wimbledon and the Australian Open . In total he has won 10 tournaments , playing 66 matches . He has lost just twice this year . "  It will be a big challenge to do even half what I done this year for 2012 , " he told CNN . "  I 'm still very young , very much motivated every time I step on the court . I have a huge will to win and this is something that keeps me going and I 'll try and win as many majors as I can . " Reflecting on an almost perfect 2011 , Djokovic believes that his incredible run has helped him win an advantage against the two players he views as his main rivals . "  It is obvious it has been the best year of my career , " Djokovic told CNN . "  I think I matured as a player on the court , I have much more self belief . I 'm using the confidence I had from the incredible run this year . When you are winning that many matches you obviously feel more comfortable on the court . "  When I 'm playing my big rivals Federer and Nadal I 'm stepping on the court and wanting to be aggressive and take my chances . It has been a dream run and a dream year and I 'm enjoying every single moment of it . " Djokovic also described the moment when he saved two match points against Federer in the semifinals , a moment that turned the match and the tournament in his favor . "  It is hard to say that I have been very relaxed in that moment because I was two match points down and very close to losing and going home , " he recalled . "  This is what happens at this level . When you 're playing great champions like Federer and Nadal the guys are always playing their best at the later stages of major events . "  They have been so dominate in the last couple few years . You need to come up with those shots . "  I closed my eyes and hit the ball as hard as I could , and luckily for me it went in . "	Novak Djokovic speaks to CNN 's World Sport The newly-crowned U.S. Open champion vows to win the French Open in 2012 He has won three of the four Grand Slams this year He describes 2011 as the "  best year of my career "
Mukono , Uganda  CNN  -- A pastor rebuked homosexuals at the funeral of a Ugandan gay rights activist , prompting chaos as sympathizers stormed the pulpit and grabbed his microphone away . David Kato , 46 , a prominent rights campaigner in the east African nation , was beaten to death with a hammer this week in his house near the the capital , Kampala . His name and photo were printed on the cover of a tabloid newspaper late last year that called for gays to be executed under a banner that read : "  Hang them . " His funeral spiraled into chaos after the pastor denounced homosexuals , saying they "  would go to hell . " Mayhem ensued as mourners took away the pastor 's microphone and police whisked him away from the angry crowds . A sympathetic Anglican bishop stepped in and laid Kato to rest as hundreds gathered Friday in the small hillside village outside the capital , Kampala . Mourners included embassy staff and diplomats from various countries , and members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . Activists wore black T-shirts with Kato 's picture on it and rainbow colored-flags associated with the gay pride . Tears -- and tributes -- flowed as family members wailed while others collapsed . A statement was read from U.S. President Barack Obama , who condemned the killing and urged authorities to swiftly bring the perpetrators to justice . Police have said initial investigations are focusing on robbery in Kato 's rough Mukono neighborhood , but rights activists said he was a victim of homophobia . One suspect -- Kato 's driver -- has been arrested while another man is still at large , authorities said . The second suspect is an ex-convict who was staying with Kato before his death . Human rights activist Naomi Ruzindana said the killing is not a robbery gone wrong . "  I do n't think it 's a coincidence that it happened ... he had got threats over and again , " she said . Earlier this year , Kato and two activists won a case against the magazine that published the list . The court ruled that media in Uganda are barred from releasing details of known or potential homosexuals in the country . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . Ugandan lawmakers shelved a controversial "  anti-gay " proposal introduced in 2009 that would impose tough penalties against homosexuality -- including life imprisonment and the death penalty .	Pastor berates homosexuals , says they 'll "  go to hell " Mourners storm the pulpit and take away his microphone The prominent Ugandan gay rights activist faced threats after his picture was published in a magazine The magazine called for gays to be executed
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- You do n't have to tell the Reverend J. Peyton that these are hard times in Indiana . He 's been seeing it for years . The Reverend J. Peyton leads the Big Damn Band in playing the blues . Even down south in rural Brown County , which the country-blues guitarist and his Big Damn Band call home , the struggles on "  Main Street " are more than just a political catchphrase . They 're a reality . The Rev , as he likes to be called , is well aware of the hardships elsewhere in his state , too . In the northern Indiana county of Elkhart , where President Obama held a highly publicized town hall meeting to discuss the economy and his stimulus package , the unemployment rate has more than tripled over the past year to almost 19 percent -- more than double the national average . "  The writing 's been on the wall for a long time , " says The Rev. "  To me , this is n't anything new . It 's new that people are covering it -- it 's new that it 's on the news . " The Reverend Peyton 's Big Damn Band , made up of The Rev , his wife Breezy on washboard and his brother Jayme on drums , has been touring the country almost nonstop for several years , and they 've had a chance to see the harsh realities of the American dream up close . They 've made their personal struggles , their family 's setbacks and stories from people they meet into lyrical fodder -- and despite the grim subject matter , put on an enthusiastically upbeat , memorable performance in each town they play . Watch the Big Damn Band perform "  Worn Out Shoe " " "  We do n't take it lightly , " The Rev says . "  I just hope that when people come to the show , we 're able to make them feel a lot of different things -- make 'em laugh with us and make 'em hurt with us . " It 's a tradition as old as the blues . The Rev says on the band 's Web site , "  I feel like I got to directly be involved in a song . Maybe if I played a different genre of music I 'd feel like I could get away with -LSB- making stuff up -RSB- , but this style of music is too honest ; you ca n't lie to people , because they 'll see right through it . " For The Rev , part of being brutally honest also means keeping it simple , allowing listeners to be engaged with the music without having to search for hidden meaning . Among the songs from the band 's latest album , "  The Whole Fam Damnily , " are "  Ca n't Pay the Bill , " "  The Creek 's Are All Bad " and "  Walmart Killed the Country Store . " The band gets its ideas from personal experience , says The Rev. "  I ai n't got cable where I live , " he says . "  I stay up on current events as well as I can , but I do n't really draw from newspapers . I draw from my family and friends . " Reviewers have praised the work . "  The band bring to their retro-fabricated rootsy Americana an utterly gripping compulsion , " wrote the  UK  Independent 's Andy Gill , giving "  The Whole Fam Damnily " four out of five stars . The Big Damn Band is also the cover story in the April/May issue of Blues Review magazine . What the songs purposefully lack in lyrical flair is made up in sparkling musicianship . The Rev picks his way across old standard-tuned National resonators and acoustic guitars , adding a little slide here and there ; Breezy rattles away with metal-tipped baseball batting gloves and washboard , while Jayme keeps rhythm on a rather modest drum set , highlighted by a 5-gallon pickle bucket . It 's simple , heartfelt country blues at its best , played by a family that revels in its blood ties . And that 's good enough for The Rev. "  You get by through things that do n't cost much , like music , like laughter , like food . You know , those are the things that I think get you by . "	The Reverend Peyton 's Big Damn Band is an Indiana-based blues group Song titles include "  Walmart Killed the Country Store " The Rev : Band wants to "  make 'em laugh with us and make 'em hurt with us "
Here 's what you need to do : take a break from your career and travel the world for an extended period of time . How does that sound ? If your response is "  Sounds fantastic , but there 's absolutely no way I can do that , " you 're not alone . But people do take career breaks , and quite successfully -- so what 's the secret ? To cut through the many myths and fears surrounding the concept of leaving your job to travel , I spoke with Sherry Ott , a self-described "  corporate IT refugee " who writes the popular travel blog "  Ottsworld : Travel and Life Experiences of a Corporate America Runaway . " Sherry 's initial career break trip inspired even more traveling , which she has been doing nearly continuously for the last 4 1/2 years . Eventually  and somewhat ironically  career break travel turned into a career itself when she co-founded Meet , Plan , Go ! , which offers resources , workshops , and general inspiration for aspiring career break travelers . Sherry spoke to us from Beirut earlier this year about her experiences and what she 's learned from other career break travelers . Lonely Planet : How to travel like a kid What were your major worries when first setting out ? It 's easier to answer what I was n't worried about ... because I was worried about everything ! However the main worries were : I was worried that for the first time in my adult life , I would no longer have a paycheck coming into my account . There would only be money going out for the next year-plus . That was scary to me . I was worried that I would n't like being on the road , as I had never traveled for more than 2 weeks before and it was always a vacation . I was really worried that I had to find a place to sleep every night for a year -- 365 days of lodging . When I was in the planning stages , I was all of a sudden very aware of my own room and bed and that I took it for granted that I could just come sleep in my bed every night without thinking about it . Not a one turned out to be a big issue at all . I loved being on the road , and at some point I was worried that I would never be able to be satisfied with standing still again  which is the case with my life now !  . The money issue I had to adjust to , but pretty soon the idea of only watching money go out instead of in became normal . I had a certain threshold and I knew when my balance got down to a certain amount it meant I had to go home . As far as lodging , that turned out to be pretty simple too . I had no problem finding places to sleep nor did it bother me after I was on the road . It loved the benefit of meeting new people every night ! Lonely Planet : The world 's greatest historical journeys What are common leaving  and returning  worries you hear from others ? 1 . General fear of travel I think there 's sometimes an element of fear of traveling in general -- people do n't think it 's safe to do . If you read the U.S. State Department warnings , you 'd never go anywhere . I certainly would n't be in Beirut now ! They worry about everything that could go wrong and then they talk themselves out of it , which is sad as I feel very safe in most countries . Even more safe than I do in the U.S. ! 2 . Family/friends wo n't understand , will be judgmental I find that people were quite accepting of my plans and the most common phrase I heard was "  I wish I could do that . " However I do believe that the people who may push back and be judgmental are people who are quite frankly jealous and really are upset you are n't fitting the mold of what you are "  supposed to do . " They are stuck doing what they are "  supposed to do " and most likely unhappy about it . 3 . There 's never a good time to go This sometimes feeds into people thinking their kids are too young or too old . Or maybe they are the age that they "  should be " getting married and be responsible . There 's all kinds of excuses we make for ourselves . What people forget is that your life goes on while you are on the road ... you can still meet people , your kids can still learn , you may even fall in love and get married . For some reason we think that our possibilities end or our lives stop if we take off and do long-term traveling ! 4 . Stuff : what to do with all of it I recommend to start this early -- start downsizing a room at a time . I like the book "  The Joy of Less " by Francine Jay . It helps you goes through your stuff and downsize each room . Also , start looking into options of where you can store things . Ask landlords if you can sublet . 5 . Money : travel is really expensive Tripping yourself up with the "  travel is expensive " myth is a sure-fire way to defeat the dream before you even give it a chance to breathe . Consider this : A vacation is different from traveling . On average , a vacation that includes a flight , hotel stays , and eating out for every meal can cost anywhere from $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 per person per week . Plus when you go on vacation , all of your other monthly expenses do n't go away . You still have to pay for your mortgage or rent , car , electricity , water , magazine subscriptions -- this all continues while you are on vacation . However , when you travel , monthly expenses go away -- no more electricity , water , heating , gas , car insurance , rent , cable , internet , gym memberships , etc. . Plus you stretch your airfare dollar further when you fly and stay somewhere for a month as opposed to five days . The airfare is spread across 30 days instead of five . Before you know it , your monthly expenses disappear and the amount you will need to simply travel becomes "  reasonable . " So do n't think about your budget in terms of a vacation budget ; extended travel is much different ! 6 . Going back to work : the rsum / CV gap You do n't have to hide your career break , you should address it . Include a short section about your career break and if you did any work related activities during that time  volunteering , teaching ESL , freelancing , ran a blog  . Include an area/continent that you focused on especially if it has ties to your work in some way . Soft skills : most every career breaker will return with better soft skills acquired from their time on the road . Key areas involve risk assessment , negotiation skills , flexibility , patience , adapting quickly to changing environments , and enhanced decision making . List your travel website if you feel it 's professional enough to mention . Look over it with a critical business eye before touting it on your rsum . However , be careful not to let your sabbatical sound like an extended holiday . Tell your potential employers that you wanted to improve your skills , take your volunteering/teaching English/diving/skiing / whatever ability to a new level to challenge yourself . If you describe your time in a focused manner it will help highlight your ability to push yourself . Keep in mind some companies may think that taking a career break is irresponsible and means you could leave them at a moment 's notice too ; therefore , be prepared to explain how loyal and committed you are . And consider if you really want to work for a company that ca n't understand or appreciate the values of world travel . Any unexpected benefits of taking a career break ? For me personally there have been a ton of unexpected benefits : an increased patience level and confidence that my future is on solid ground . I never felt confident about my skills before and my ability to simply survive ... but now I 'm super confident in those areas . I have picked up an immense amount of technical skills thanks to blogging . I have awakened my creative side in photography and writing . I have completely built new skill sets , while I was doing something I loved . But I think the biggest benefit is that you learn not to sweat the small stuff . No issue seems as big as before you left . Do you still have worries about what happens next ? I might be a special case . For me -- no -- I do n't worry about what happens next . I ca n't even begin to predict the possibilities that will come my way from day to day . I 'm so used to uncertainty that I 'm now afraid of things that are concrete . However , I feel like after 4 1/2 years of travel I have developed this attitude . When I first came back from my career break of 1 1/2 years , I was worried about what my next steps would be . I did n't feel like I could fit back into the corporate world and it took a while to simply fit back into the U.S. . At this point , my life has completely changed . I sit here writing this from a family 's apartment in Beirut Lebanon . I have a place to sleep tonight , I have adventure waiting tomorrow -- that 's all I need . For more inspiration on taking a career break , check out the many helpful resources provided by Sherry and her colleagues at Meet , Plan , Go ! Lonely Planet : The very best time to visit a National Park is ...	Sherry Ott shares her secrets for taking a career break trip Ott says the best thing about being on the road is meeting new people every night Common worries are general fear of travel , money and what to do once returning to work
Cairo  CNN  -- The trial of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy got off to a raucous start Monday , with a judge twice pausing what was supposed to be a brief opening hearing as Morsy and his co-defendants loudly spoke over him , rejecting the charges and claiming Morsy still is the rightful ruler . And the recesses were hardly calmer -- while the judge was away , journalists who were calling for Morsy 's execution argued with defense lawyers . A fight appeared to break out at one point . In the end , the judge adjourned the trial until January 8 so that lawyers could meet with their clients and sift through more than 5,000 pages of recently filed documents . But not before several wild scenes in the court , where more than 100 observers looked on . Morsy helped set a tone of defiance when he walked in , wearing a suit as opposed to the white uniforms of his co-defendants . Throughout , he refused to recognize the court 's legitimacy and made it clear he still considers himself President . "  I warn everyone that what 's happening is a cover for the military coup , " he said shortly after the judge entered the room the first time . "  I do n't want the great Egyptian judiciary to ever serve as a cover for the standing military coup . " The charges Morsy appeared with seven co-defendants ; seven others are being tried in absentia . The charges stem from protests last December 5 over a constitution he shepherded into effect . Egyptian authorities have accused Morsy and his staff of ordering supporters to attack protesters after guards and members of the Interior Ministry refused to do it . Morsy , whom the military removed from office in a coup on July 3 , and four others are charged with inciting violence , but they are not accused of using force . The 11 others are charged with killing three men , torturing 54 people , using force and possessing weapons . Defendants chant : ` Down with military rule ' Monday 's proceeding was unruly even before it began . Before Morsy and the judge entered the room , some of his seven co-defendants chanted "  down with military rule " and "  Morsy is my President " from the dock . Even some of the defense lawyers , who numbered more than 20 , chanted , "  the people support the resilience of the President . " Morsy became Egypt 's first freely elected President in 2012 after the overthrow of longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak . The military deposed him in July , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Supporters , including the Muslim Brotherhood , have said the coup was a power grab by the military and elements of the old Mubarak regime . After Morsy made his statement at the start of Monday 's proceeding , the judge asked if the defendants were present -- and they did n't answer . When the judge addressed the defense lawyers , Morsy spoke up again and things broke down . "  I am Dr. Mohamed Morsy , the President of the republic , " Morsy said . "  The coup is a crime and ... treason . " This led to chaos , with a number of people -- lawyers , journalists , the judge -- trying to speak at once , and Morsy repeating himself to make sure he was heard . With no one able to hear anyone clearly , the judge called a recess for more than an hour . Upon returning , the judge let the prosecutor present the charges . Several defendants responded to the charges by proclaiming they rejected the court . The second recess came after more commotion , after Morsy alleged the court was n't properly specialized to charge Egypt 's President . The judge never returned to the courtroom : He sent a court official after the second recess to announce the adjournment until January 8 . Pro-Morsy demonstrators outside court Outside the police academy where the trial was being held , more than 100 pro-Morsy demonstrators faced a cordon of security forces behind barbed wire . The demonstrators waved flags and chanted loudly against the military , which deposed Morsy four months ago , and against Egypt 's interim government . Some protesters attacked television news crews they claimed were not reporting the truth , but that incident was brief . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . Authorities have warned they will crack down on any violent protests tied to the trial . Constitutional claim Defense lawyer Mohamed El-Damaty told CNN that Morsy 's team will argue that it is illegal under the constitution approved under Morsy to try a President without approval of two-thirds of the members of the parliament . The military suspended that constitution , but the court could honor it , El-Damaty said . Morsy had been held at an undisclosed location since the coup . Amnesty International has described his detention as an "  enforced disappearance . " After Monday 's hearing , Morsy will be taken to the Borg El-Arab prison in Alexandria , state-run TV reported . State-run Al Masriya TV reported that Morsy was transported by military plane to the court . The other defendants were transported by military armored vehicles . Who represents Morsy ? It was n't immediately clear after Monday 's proceedings whether Morsy will accept the lawyer provided to him , as accepting legal representation could be perceived as acceptance of the court and the trial . Morsy 's Islamist Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood , assigned lawyer Mohamed Selim El-Awa to him . El-Awa argued Monday that the court does n't have jurisdiction to try Morsy , and that Morsy is illegally held -- asserting that anything gleaned during his detention would be null and void . Lawyer Rajia Omran , who represents victims of the December clashes , repeatedly argued that this is n't a political trial -- saying she 'd been working on the case since December , months before Morsy 's ouster . CNN 's Sarah Sirgany and Ian Lee reported from Cairo ; Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's David Simpson , Yousuf Basil and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	"  What 's happening is a cover for the military coup , " Morsy says in court Trial adjourned until January after opening hearing interrupted twice Outside court , protesters chant and briefly attack news crews Morsy is accused of inciting violence against protesters in December 2012
Washington  CNN  -- Engaging a rarely used power , House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa announced his committee will vote next Thursday on whether to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify about the agency 's targeting of conservative organizations . "  Documents and testimony point to Lois Lerner as a senior IRS official responsible for conduct that deprived Americans of their rights to free speech and equal protection under the law , " wrote the California Republican in a statement released Thursday . Lerner ran the IRS division that determined tax-exempt status for nonprofit organizations . An IRS inspector general 's report concluded that her division used "  inappropriate " search terms to flag some conservative applications , including "  Tea Party " and "  patriot . " Democrats have pointed out that some liberal terms , such as "  progressive , " were also on the list . The contempt vote caps a year of dramatic back-and-forth in House Republicans ' investigation into the targeting . GOP leaders , including Issa , have focused on whether higher-ranking officials , including any at the White House , played a role blocking conservative organizations ' applications . Thus far , no evidence has shown that the effort to flag political groups went beyond Lerner and her employees . Issa has said that Lerner 's testimony could prove critical . But the former IRS official has repeatedly refused to answer the committee 's questions , invoking her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . That normally might protect her from contempt of Congress charges . But Republicans charge that Lerner waived her constitutional right by first reading a statement to the committee asserting her innocence . "  I believe Lois Lerner waived her Fifth Amendment privilege , " Issa said in a hearing last June . "  She did so when she chose to make a voluntary opening statement . " Republicans argue and cite some case law showing that an individual can not apply the Fifth Amendment in some instances and not others . But the case law on the Fifth Amendment is nuanced , and Lerner 's attorney and House Democrats have fervently disagreed with Republicans ' conclusion . They insist she is protected by the Fifth Amendment . The debate could spark a potential legal battle . Overall , Democrats call the investigation a witch hunt and the contempt vote a publicity move . "  This contempt vote appears geared more toward generating more press for  Issa  , rather than working responsibly with committee members to seek facts , " said Jennifer Hoffman , who is the spokesman for the top Democrat on the Oversight Committee , Elijah Cummings of Maryland . Lerner 's attorney 's office said it had no comment yet on the upcoming committee vote . The contempt resolution is expected to pass the Republican-led Oversight Committee Thursday morning . The House is in recess the following week , meaning the soonest a contempt vote could hit the House floor is the week of April 24 . Even without the Fifth Amendment issue , it 's not clear how far the case will go . After a House vote to find Lerner in contempt , the process would leave Republicans ' hands and go to the U.S. attorney for Washington , who would be directed to call a grand jury . That is where the last contempt of Congress charge ended . In 2012 , the Republican House of Representatives voted to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to hand over documents related to the "  Fast and Furious " gun controversy . The White House asserted executive privilege at that time , and the Justice Department announced it would not prosecute . The Obama administration has not claimed executive privilege in Lerner 's case , but the Justice Department still retains the ability to determine whether her actions deserve prosecution . The penalty for contempt of Congress is up to a year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine . Since 1980 , nine individuals have been held in contempt by the House of Representatives . CNN Senior Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	The House Oversight Committee will vote on holding an ex-IRS official in contempt Lois Lerner ran the division that ruled on tax-exempt status for nonprofit groups She invoked the Fifth Amendment when asked about targeting conservative groups
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel approved Wednesday the construction of a settlement in East Jerusalem just before U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is to visit the country on a peace mission . Kerry will meet with Israeli , Palestinian Authority and Jordanian officials in Jordan and Jerusalem from Thursday to Saturday in the wake of President Barack Obama 's efforts in Israel last March urging renewed peace talks . Palestinian chief peace negotiator Saeb Erekat called out to the world Thursday to stop Israel from building more settlement homes . Letting Tel Aviv get away with it , takes away any motivation for Israel to work towards peace , he said . In January , the United Nations Human Rights Council said Israeli settlements amount to "  creeping annexation " of Palestinian territories by Israel and have taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . The construction of new homes is "  taking Palestinian land , lives and livelihoods , " Erekat lamented . Wednesday 's approval of a 69-unit settlement in East Jerusalem -- which Palestinians consider to be the capital of their future state one day -- harkens to an incident in 2010 when Israel announced another East Jerusalem settlement during a visit by Vice President Joe Biden . Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the announcement "  insulting " to the United States . On Wednesday , Meir Margalit , a Jerusalem City Council member from the left-wing Meretz party , criticized Wednesday 's settlement approval and described it as "  provocation " by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's government . The approval by an Israeli planning committee was part of a "  very long process " and now means that construction can start at any time , Margalit said . "  This is a provocation by Netanyahu 's government when John Kerry is coming to re-start the negotiations , " Margalit said . "  To approve these houses in Har Homa , or also known as Jabal Abu Ghneim in East Jerusalem , is a foolish move . This means that Israel has no serious intentions to restart the peace process , " Margalit said . Israel 's construction of settlements "  is more important than peace in the Middle East , " Margalit charged . But a senior Israeli government official who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue said there was no political influence behind the approval process . "  This is private land , private constructions and nothing to do with the government or with government agendas , " the official said . Brachie Sprung , an advisor to the Jerusalem mayor , said construction permission was granted by local planning and building committee . "  It should be noted that the municipality has no legal right to stop the property ownership of the citizens to whom the ground belongs , " Sprung said in a statement . "  There is no change in the policy of the municipality over the last four years , and we are continuing to build in all the suburbs of the city according to the development program for Jews and Arabs as one , " Sprung said . Thousands of housing units are expected to be built throughout Jerusalem in coming years , Sprung said . "  New building in Jerusalem is necessary for the development of the city and gives the opportunity for youngsters and students to live and buy , " Sprung added . Hagit Ofran , settlement watch director for the Israeli activist group Peace Now , said the construction plan was initially filed in April 2012 , and the length of time behind its approval is typical . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles . Mike Schwartz also contributed from Jerusalem .	NEW : Palestinian chief negotiator calls international community to stop settlements Israeli planning committee approves 69 homes for an East Jerusalem settlement Secretary of State John Kerry is to visit Jerusalem this week to renew peace talks Settlement approval is "  provocation ... a foolish move , " Jerusalem councilman says
North Korea is facing possibly its worst drought in 50 years , state media reported this week . May is on track to be the driest since 1962 , with rainfall of less than a quarter of an inch  2-5 mm  recorded in major cities , including the capital , Pyongyang , the Korean Central News Agency said . The dry conditions are expected to continue into early June , North Korea 's Rodong newspaper reported , citing a state weather official . Rain during the last 30 days has been lower than normal in the North , according to Jang Hyun-sik with the South Korean Meteorological Administration . "  On average , it is supposed to rain in the range of 70-90 mm  2.75 to 3.5 inches  during this period , " Jang said , noting that South Korean forecasters do not directly communicate with their counterparts in the North . Rodong reported that the drought has delayed the planting of corn and has already damaged crops like wheat , barley and potatoes , but said irrigation "  can fight off the damage . " North Korea 's food shortages are well documented . The World Food Program says more than 6 million people in the reclusive nation do n't have enough to eat . South Korean Unification Ministry 's spokesman Kim Hyung-suk Seoul is open to allowing private organizations to provide humanitarian aid to the North . No food aid is likely to come from the United States . Washington canceled its plan for food shipments after Pyongyang launched a rocket on April 13 . North Korea said the launch was to put a satellite into orbit , but much of the international community saw it as a cover up for testing its ballistic missile technology . The move torpedoed a deal reached in February under which Pyongyang agreed to suspend its nuclear activities in exchange for food aid shipments .	This could be the driest May in North Korea since 1962 Less than a quarter inch has been recorded in major cities Little food aid is expected from South Korea and the United States
Columbus , Ohio  CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday that he has "  no regrets " about his comments last week supporting the rights of Muslims to build an Islamic center and mosque two blocks from the site of the September 11 terror attacks in New York . "  The answer is no regrets , " Obama said when asked about bringing up the issue Friday at a White House dinner commemorating the start of Islamic holy month of Ramadan . At the dinner , Obama said that those wanting to build the Islamic center and mosque have the constitutional right to religious freedom . On Saturday , he clarified that he was talking only about the right to build the center and not the "  wisdom " of doing so close to "  ground zero , " where more than 2,700 people died when planes hijacked by terrorists slammed into the twin towers of the World Trade Center . The remarks sparked a national debate on the emotional issue , with many Republicans condemning the president as insensitive to families of victims and out of touch with the views of most Americans . Many Democrats responded that the right to religious freedom applies to all Americans , though some -- including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- said they oppose having the Islamic center so close to ground zero . A CNN poll showed that 70 percent of respondents opposed having an Islamic center near the site . A separate poll released Wednesday by the Siena Research Institute found that 63 percent opposed it , but 64 percent said the center 's developers have a constitutional right to build it .	President Obama 's remarks last week became a political issue Republicans criticized the comments as being out of touch with the public Obama and Democrats say religious freedom is a constitutional right
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors charged two men with plotting a "  killing spree " against African-Americans that would have been capped with an attempt to kill Sen. Barack Obama while they wore white tuxedos , federal officials said Monday . Paul Schlesselman , left , and Daniel Cowart said they planned to kill more than 100 African-Americans . The U.S. attorney 's office in Jackson , Tennessee , said Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18 , were self-described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend . Both men have been charged with illegal possession of a sawed-off shotgun , conspiracy to rob a federally licensed gun dealer and making threats against a presidential candidate . The men planned to kill more than 100 African-Americans , including 14 who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit . But federal law enforcement sources said there was no evidence Cowart , of Bells , Tennessee , and Schlesselman , of West Helena , Arkansas , had any details of Obama 's schedule . "  We take this very , very seriously but we see no evidence these guys have the ability or the wherewithal to pull off what they say they wanted to do , " one law enforcement source said . According to an affidavit from the federal agent who questioned them , Cowart and Schlesselman planned to charge at Obama with a car , firing from the windows as they went . They would be dressed in white tuxedos and top hats during the attempt , the affidavit states . Cowart and Schlesselman were arrested outside Jackson , about 75 miles east of Memphis , Tennessee , after an aborted robbery attempt last week , according to court records . Though they told investigators they would be willing to die in their mission , the men backed out of their October 21 attempt to rob the gun dealer after spotting two cars and a dog at the home , the affidavit states . The men also shot out the window of a church on their way back to Cowart 's grandfather 's home , where they were arrested the next day . Cowart and Schlesselman made their initial appearances before a federal judge Monday and are scheduled for a bond hearing Thursday in Memphis . Obama , an Illinois Democrat , is the first African-American nominee to lead a major-party ticket and was placed under Secret Service protection in May 2007 , far earlier than other candidates . Eric Zahren , a spokesman for the Secret Service , said it was unclear whether the suspects would have had the capability or means to carry out any sort of plot . But he said the matter was being taken seriously , and a joint investigation was under way . There was no indication either had attended any Obama event or had drawn Secret Service attention in the past , Zahren said . Campaign spokeswoman Linda Douglass said , "  We never comment on security matters . " Threats against Obama have led to arrests in two previous cases . In one , federal prosecutors concluded that the three people arrested with drugs and weapons in a suburban Denver motel posed a "  true threat " to the candidate . In the second , a Florida man was charged with threatening bodily harm against the candidate in August . He has pleaded not guilty . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King contributed to this report .	Plot included killing 100 African-Americans , beheading 14 , officials say Plot was to end with attempt to kill Obama while wearing white , police say Law enforcement sources sees no evidence men could pull off plot Federal prosecutors charge Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18
CNN  -- Music manager Allen Klein , whose clients included the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , died Saturday after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer 's disease , his publicist said . Klein was 77 . The son of Jewish immigrants from Hungary , Klein founded his firm Allen Klein & Co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into ABKCO Music & Records in New York . The independent label holds the copyrights to music by the Rolling Stones , Sam Cooke , the Animals , the Kinks , Chubby Checker , Bobby Womack and hundreds of others . Klein represented dozens of artists , including Sam Cooke , the Animals , Bobby Darin and Herman 's Hermits . He changed the music industry when he represented Sam Cooke in negotiations with RCA , winning the artist control of his own master recordings . Known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations , Klein 's greatest coups were inking contracts with the Rolling Stones and the Beatles , though both relationships ended in legal battles . ABKCO built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs , including much of the Stones ' 1960s catalog . Klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the Stones . In 1969 , John Lennon persuaded the other Beatles that Klein should take over the group 's business affairs , but Paul McCartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the Beatles ' split . Lennon later fell out with Klein , who was thought to be the target of the former Beatle 's 1974 song "  Steel and Glass . " Defending his tough style , Klein told Playboy magazine in 1971 : "  The music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who ca n't stand a winner in their midst . " In 1971 , Klein worked with George Harrison to organize the "  Concert for Bangladesh " at Madison Square Garden , one of the first major benefit concerts of the rock era . Ringo Starr was among the all-stars who performed at the concert . Late in his career , Klein agreed to license a sample of a Rolling Stones song to the British group the Verve for their hit single "  Bittersweet Symphony . " But after the song was released , ABKCO successfully argued in court that the Verve had used too much of the sample and won 100 percent of the song 's royalties . Klein is survived by his wife Betty , their three children and four grandchildren . Services will be held in New York on Tuesday .	Allen Klein , who inked contracts for dozens of musicians , dies at age 77 Klein 's company , ABKCO , built up catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs Known for his tough negotiating style , many blame Klein for the Beatles ' break-up
CNN  -- Like many visitors in Seattle , Glenn Nagel found himself in the city trying to avoid the rain . After wandering around , he eventually made his way to the Seattle Public Library to escape the dreary weather . Little did he know that stepping into Seattle 's Central Library would spark his curiosity . The library 's geometric glass and steel interior with its sprawling "  books spiral " grabbed ahold of him . "  It 's just an incredible building , " he said , still remembering his awe during that 2013 trip . "  I spent an hour and a half just taking pictures , and while doing that , I was getting the idea that I should visit other libraries . " This past year , Nagel has traveled to 12 libraries across the United States , photographing their shelves and hallways like an explorer . He 's one of many people discovering a renewed fascination with libraries . He and other iReporters shared photos of libraries they visited with CNN iReport for National Library Week , observed April 13-19 this year . Despite the expansive digitalization of information , the use of public libraries remains popular , according to Cathy De Rosa , vice president for the Americas and global vice president of marketing at OCLC , a nonprofit computer library service organization . "  It surprises people , " she said , explaining there 's a presumption amongst the public that libraries are becoming increasingly irrelevant . But despite enduring budget cutbacks and being forced to reinvent their services in the face of the ubiquitous Internet , public libraries remain staple institutions in various communities . There 's been an increase in the use of public libraries in the U.S. over the past decade . Services such as public computers doubled in usage in the past 10 years , and libraries saw a circulation increase of 2.46 billion materials in 2010 , the highest ever reported , according to a report by the Institute of Museum and Library Services . Some libraries bring in more than just patrons . They are also popular amongst tourists , drawing visitors by the tens of thousands , if not millions . The Seattle Public Library system , for example , attracts more than 7 million people through its doors each year . "  The Central Library is one of the most beautiful modern buildings in Seattle , and it really celebrates the people , " said Andra Addison , a spokesperson for the library . Smaller libraries matter , too Americans strongly value the role of public libraries in their community , according to findings by the Pew Research Center . In fact , 94 % of people polled in 2013 said that having a public library improves the quality of life in a community . Jennifer Roberts , a writing teacher , agrees . She spent many summer days with her daughters , Lucy and Miriam , visiting their local library in Grants Pass , Oregon . But in 2007 , all the libraries in Josephine County closed down for a number of reasons . It devastated her daughters who were then 7 and 5 . "  Lucy told me she was really sad she would n't get to ` visit the books , ' " Roberts said , remembering her daughter sobbing at the news . Roberts was determined to find a way to help reopen the libraries in her area . The community banded together to raise $ 300,000 in 18 months . They even got a matching grant from Josephine County , which helped the libraries reopen . The experience helped Roberts rediscover the value of her local library . "  I actually did n't grow up visiting many libraries , " she said . "  I did n't discover that wonder until I was much older . Perhaps that 's why they seem so magical to me now . " ` Libraries reflect who we are ' Robert Dawson wanted to capture the value of public libraries through his lens . He spent the past 18 years photographing libraries and interviewing people who work and use them . In his recently published book , "  The Public Library : A Photographic Essay , " which includes hundreds of photographs of libraries in 48 states , Dawson says he was drawn to libraries because they are vital part of a community 's ecosystem . "  Often times , a library reveals things about a community . It was really sad to see a closed library when I was passing through the Mississippi Delta , " he said , explaining how that was one of the poorer regions he visited . "  I am not a librarian , but 18 years of doing this , you peel away things , " he said . "  It 's interesting how libraries reflect who we are , and what we share . Barbara Stripling , president of the American Library Association , says libraries are also incredibly transformative . These spaces offer not only information but also provide resources and opportunities to socialize . Some libraries are "  becoming more of a community sharing , learning , conversation space , " she explained . Programs such as the Chicago Public Library 's One Book , One Chicago , an initiative adopted from the Seattle Public Library , aims to rally virtual community engagement around monthly book selections . Take a tour of the world 's most exquisite libraries Others are rebranding themselves as places where people can explore their passions . Programs such as Geek the Library , which is part of OCLC , partners with libraries to promote the idea that everyone "  geeks out " about something , and a local library can help you recognize your special passion . Through his 18 years of documenting libraries , Dawson says he 's seen many of them adapt and transform for their communities . Some took on new daily roles , such as teaching people to write resumes or providing social services . "  In San Francisco , they have a dedicated social worker , especially for the homeless , " he said . Others became safe havens . "  When I was in Detroit , it one of the hottest days on record , I walked into a library . There was this huge guard at the front , the air conditioning was blasting , it was packed , and everyone was reading . And I sort of got it -- it was a place of shelter . " Olaf Eigenbrodt , librarian and senior head of user services and adviser for planning and construction at State and University Library Hamburg in Germany , says there are three main reasons why libraries continue to be popular today : They are information hotspots ; they are places communities can gather ; and they provide learning collaboration . They even provide an element of comfort . "  Libraries tend to become more cozy , relaxing and communicative places . Other than public spaces like museums , they have a certain private character , which makes them a living room for their community , " Eigenbrodt said . Dawson thinks a part of people 's fascination with libraries is sort of irrational , too , but in a good way . He attributes our love for libraries to our childhood memories . "  I think a lot of it goes back to being a kid . There 's an emotional connection that is somewhat unique . A lot of kids discover libraries with their parents when they are younger , " he explained . That affinity can be partially psychological , according to De Rosa of OCLC . "  I would find it difficult to find 10 people in a crowd who did n't have a positive experience in a library . That 's a personal thing , " she said . "  It 's why libraries continue to be relevant . " Addison , from the Seattle Public Library , says the most alluring factor of a public library is simple -- it 's free . "  Where else can you go that offers all this for free ? Whether you 're in a three-piece suit or a three-day beard , you can go into a library and be welcomed . " CNN 's Daphne Sashin and Margaret Blaha , special to CNN , contributed to this story .	National Library Week is observed from April 13 through 19 Despite the rise of the Internet , libraries continue to be popular public spaces iReporters from across the world share photos of their favorite libraries to visit
CNN  Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 . The state 's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes . The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige , whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1 , 2016 . Forty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while Alabama , Alaska , New Jersey and Utah require customers to be at least 19 . Dozens of cities and towns , including New York , have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 . "  This bold step will reduce smoking among young people , save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free , " said Matthew L. Myers , president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , in a prepared statement . "  Increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults , age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry , " he said . It was not clear Monday whether Ige would sign the bill , although on Friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal . A spokeswoman for the governor told CNN in an email that he would need some time to review the bill . The legislation comes after a report last month from the Institute of Medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits . Setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019 , the report estimated . Raise the smoking age ? Report predicts big health benefits if we do Teenagers , especially those between 15 and 17 , are most vulnerable to addiction at a time when their brains are still developing , said the study , which was conducted at the request of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . If the minimum legal age for tobacco use was raised to 21 , the prevalence of smokers among today 's teens would decline by 12 % when they become adults , the report said . Under the Hawaii bill , anyone caught breaking the law would face a $ 10 fine for the first offense and a $ 50 fine or community service for a second offense . A 2014 survey of Hawaii voters found that 71 % favored raising the legal age to 21 .	Hawaii 's legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 The bill is now before Gov. David Ige , whose signature would make it law Most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and older
CNN  -- Hundreds of students in Colorado walked out of classes this week in response to recent attempts by the conservative-leaning Jefferson County board of education to change the school curriculum . One of the board 's most controversial initiatives is to avoid historical instances of civil disobedience while promoting "  patriotism , respect for authority and free enterprise . " Imagine for a moment : What if the board succeeds ? What if we step into a time machine and travel to such a future ? In such a world , not only have those pesky moments of civil disobedience been put in their proper place , but also their dangerous effects have finally started turning around . For example , the late 1800s look a lot different in Colorado 's textbook in the future . Take that troublemaker Susan B. Anthony , who spent 50 years of her life fighting for women 's right to vote . While current textbooks applaud her courage in the face of a trial , conviction and $ 100 fine for illegally casting a ballot in the 1872 presidential election , the Colorado textbook of the future might well ensure that her story is blotted out . And even though there 's no repealing women 's right to vote , future generations of girls at least know never to protest against continuing forms of gender inequality , such as being paid less for doing the same job as a man . To fight for equal pay would be unpatriotic , disrespectful , and contemptuous of CEOs , who -- let 's face it -- ultimately know what 's best for us . The progressive movement of the early 20th century would likely look different in Colorado 's textbook of the future . While current textbooks detail the illegal labor strikes that eventually led to things like a 40-hour work week and workplace safety laws , future textbooks may make no mention of it . In the future , students would understand that it 's unpatriotic to question an employer for any reason . Asking for things like cost-of-living raises just makes companies want to leave the U.S. and go someplace where they can hire people who will work for even less money . The lesson : If you want a job at all , better keep your mouth shut and watch your wages decline . Finally , in the Colorado textbooks of the future , the civil rights movement could be recast in the proper light . For example , Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King could be depicted as disobedient rabble-rousers rather than brave fighters for equality . How dare Rosa Parks -- a black woman -- sit in the front of the bus ? In Montgomery , Alabama , in 1955 , that was illegal , not to mention disrespectful and unpatriotic . And how dare the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. lead peaceful marches for equality without a permit ? That was also illegal in many Southern cities , and he rightfully went to jail for the crime . Thus , Colorado students of the future would know that fighting for equality among the races is dangerous and might get you into trouble . Best to just accept the status quo despite stubborn discrepancies between the races in categories like student achievement , household income , and incarceration . No , I do n't really have a time machine , and no one can predict the future . But we can and should look at the past with a critical eye . Our history is filled with seemingly powerless people banding together , following their conscience , and making a positive change , despite the anger of rich and powerful people , who like things to stay just the way they are . As we face a future of widening inequality , resurgent discrimination , and decreasing wages , we would do well to follow the example of the Colorado students who are peacefully disobeying authorities and fighting for a truthful account of history in their textbooks .	Colorado school district wants to revise curriculum to avoid history of civil disobedience David Wheeler : Students are right to protest , but what if the board succeeds ? He says in such a future , those in Colorado will be afraid to fight for rights and equality Wheeler : Instances of disobedience in history offers valuable lessons for citizens
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- For the second time in less than two weeks , a prominent Pakistani is offering a six-figure bounty to anyone who kills the man who produced "  Innocence of Muslims , " a film that has offended many Muslims throughout the world . Former Pakistani lawmaker Ikramullah Shahid told demonstrators protesting the movie in Peshawar on Monday that he 'd pay $ 200,000 to anyone who kills the filmmaker , according to Siraj Ul Haq , a senior leader of the religious group that organized the rally . Read more : Pakistani minister personally offers reward for anti-Islam filmmaker 's death More than 15,000 protestors participated in a peaceful protest , Haroon Khan , a senior Peshawar police official , told CNN . Nine days ago , current Pakistani Railway Minister Ghulam Ahmad Bilour personally offered a $ 100,000 reward to anyone who would kill the filmmaker . Bilour clarified to CNN he was speaking for himself and not as a government representative . After he posed the initial bounty , Bilour was asked whether he was concerned about committing or condoning a crime as a government official . "  I am a Muslim first , then a government representative , " Bilour said . Read more : Producer of anti-Islam film arrested , ordered held without bail He said he invited the Taliban and al Qaeda to carry out the assassination . Sen. Zahid Khan , a spokesman for Bilour 's political party , said the minister 's action is not representative of the Awami National Party . "  We believe in nonviolence . How could we make such announcements ? " Khan said . "  Our party has been fighting against militancy and extremism for years . How could we invite Taliban and al Qaeda to kill someone ? Taliban and al Qaeda are our enemies who have killed our loved ones . " Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf also condemned the bounty issued by Bilour , according to his spokesman . Neither of the prominent Pakistanis offering bounties mentioned the filmmaker by name . U.S. officials say Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , an Egyptian-American Coptic Christian , is behind the privately produced film . Nakoula was arrested last week in California and accused of violating his probation on a bank fraud conviction . He was ordered held without bail Thursday . Photos : Anti-U.S. demonstrations worldwide Members of his family have left their California home and gone into hiding amid the at-times violent worldwide protests , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department has said . "  Innocence of Muslims " is n't eliciting strong responses only in traditionally Muslim countries . In Russia on Monday , in the latest in a series of legal moves , Moscow 's Tverskoi Court declared the film "  extremist , " according to state media RIA Novosti . Russian courts expect to reach a full ruling on the movie this Friday , RIA Novosti reports . Last Friday , a court in Grozny , the capital of Russia 's mainly Islamic Republic of Chechnya , ruled against widespread distribution of the film , RIA Novosti said . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	A former Pakistani lawmaker says he 'll pay $ 200,000 for the filmmaker 's death Pakistan 's railway minister is offering a $ 100,000 bounty His party condemns his action , saying it opposes militancy and extremism
CNN  -- Henry Joseph Madden was a good student and track team member in high school , but he had a secret : He sometimes wore his mother 's pantyhose and underwear under his clothes . Dr. Jennifer Madden , a family physician , began her transition to being female at age 48 . "  I really wanted to be a girl so bad , and that was one way for me to satisfy those feelings , " Madden said . "  I always felt like someone was looking over my shoulder . " The desire to be female never went away . At age 48 , Madden confessed these feelings to a doctor , and started seeing a gender therapist who suggested Madden was transgendered . Through reconstructive surgeries , electrolysis , laser procedures and voice lessons , Henry Joseph became Jennifer Elizabeth , known as Jenny . She is a practicing family physician in Nashua , New Hampshire . Watch Jenny 's story " Chastity Bono , child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono , announced Thursday the beginning of a transition from female to a male . While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years . The term "  LGBT "  Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender  is more commonly recognized , and transgendered people have been portrayed in the 1999 film "  Boys Do n't Cry " as well as the 2002 book "  Middlesex " by Jeffrey Eugenides . Many people who have transitioned , including Madden , say they knew they had been born into the wrong gender from childhood . As early as age 3 , Dr. Julie Praus , born male , did n't understand why her father wanted to play catch . As a boy , Praus learned how to fish and hunt , but enjoyed collecting Depression-era glassware vases . Praus , 48 , a psychiatrist in Brattleboro , Vermont , started living as a woman in March 2008 . "  I get up every morning and say , ` Wow , I can actually look at myself in the mirror , ' because I 've never been able to do that in my life , because what would stare back at me was not me , " Praus said . iReport.com : Share your story of gender change Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity , but no one has determined what in the biological makeup determines that gender . The interactions between personality and culture also contribute to identity , said Chris Kraft , clinical director at the Johns Hopkins Sexual Behaviors Consultation Unit . The process of changing genders For people who want a gender change on a biological level , the first step is therapy , experts say . Dr. Gary Alter , a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills , California , said patients do n't come to him until they 've been in therapy , a process that can take as much as a year . A therapist then gives a physician approval to start the patient on hormone treatment . At that point , the patient may or may not start living as the chosen sex , Alter said . Females seeking to transition into males may elect to have their breasts removed via surgery . With testosterone , they will grow hair on their face and chest after about two years . Read one man 's female-to-male advice to Chaz Bono A higher percentage of males transitioning to females will go forward with genital surgery than females going to males , Alter said . Surgical methods for creating a penis -- which range from making one out of the clitoris to using the skin from the forearms -- are "  not perfect , " and many patients are happy with just chest surgery , he said . Genital surgeries for creating female genitalia are better , he said . Alter 's method is to make a clitoris out of the head of the penis , and make space for a vagina . Facing the rest of the world It is rare for people to undergo a gender transition and then want to reverse it , especially when surgery is involved , experts say . Some say changing genders is one of the best things they 've done , like Jamison Green , 60 , author of "  Becoming a Visible Man , " who went through chest reconstruction and genital surgery . "  I do n't have too hard of a time telling people about it , " Green said . "  I worried about that a lot in the beginning , before there was any kind of community and support about this condition , but one of the things I learned early on was that living in fear and shame is not very healthy . " Green , who started his transition at age 40 , is now happily married to a woman whom he did not know before his change . Praus is also married to a woman , who knew her before her transition . Madden has a boyfriend . "  For the longest time , I really felt like I had a mental illness , and I do n't feel that way anymore , " Madden said . But all three have experienced shock and dismay from others around them . Green said his mother took five years to adjust . One of Praus ' sons does n't speak to her . Madden 's marriage to a woman ended in divorce during her transition , and her children have struggled . Yet these three transgendered individuals say they feel better in many ways in their chosen gender roles . "  My patients say I 'm a better doctor , " Praus said . "  Some of it is that I 'm not exerting so much energy hiding myself . " Psychologists recommend that people who change genders adopt a "  transgendered identity , " and not keep their history of transition a secret . But some who "  pass " as their new genders do n't want to risk stigma , and tell only people closest to them , Kraft said . Often , males who transition to females face more problems than females who become males , Kraft said . Transgendered individuals who start as men tend to face more stigma , particularly if they are more noticeably transgendered . Transgendered individuals do face some legal quandaries . Some states require people to show proof of a medical procedure before changing gender on documents such as driver 's licenses , while others require that the person has taken hormones , Kraft said . People may also elect to change their birth certificates to reflect chosen gender . Chastity Bono , who now goes by "  Chaz , " has been a prominent gay-rights activist . "  You could speculate that that could make it more complicated -- when you 're a public figure -- to take on something stigmatizing " such as a gender transition , Kraft said .	Estimate : 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity People rarely undergo gender-reassignment surgery and then want to reverse it
CNN  -- Thirteen townships in Australia 's flooded Queensland state were evacuated Thursday as forecasters warned it may be weeks before river levels start to drop . All 130 residents of Condamine , about 185 miles inland from Brisbane , were evacuated because the town was inundated with water , Queensland Emergency Services Minister Neil Roberts told CNN . He said it was one of 13 townships where residents had to be moved out Thursday . In all , between 1,000 and 2,000 people have been evacuated , he said . Roberts was in Emerald , an inland city of 15,000 residents that was experiencing some of the worst flooding Thursday . The Fitzroy River there was rising and expected to peak Friday at a record level of 16.2 meters  53.2 feet  , according to Jeff Perkins , a supervising hydrologist at Australia 's Bureau of Meteorology . "  Emerald is downstream of Fairbairn Dam . We 're expecting the dam to peak overnight tonight and Emerald to peak tomorrow , " Perkins told CNN . Rockhampton , a coastal city of 50,000 that is also affected by the Fitzroy River , was expected to see its worst flooding in 50 years next week , Perkins said . "  It 's going to be a big flood over next week , up to about 9.4 meters  30.8 feet  , which will be similar to the 1954 flood , " Perkins said . Many areas around the Fitzroy River will still be at flood stage in 10-14 days ' time , he said . Elsewhere in Queensland , Australia 's northeast state , it was a mixed picture . The town of Bundaberg peaked Thursday at 7.92 meters  26 feet  , Perkins said . That level was expected to stay steady throughout the day but start to fall Friday , he said . Parts of northern Queensland , however , were starting to recover from the monsoon rains that started about a week ago , creating the flooding problems , Perkins said . The rainfall has since moved south , flooding southern parts of the state , including Emerald and Rockhampton . Over the entire month of December , Queensland has seen 1.3 meters  4.3 feet  of rain -- most of which fell during the past four or five days , said Tony Auden , a forecaster with the Bureau of Meteorology . "  There 's been numerous rainfall records both for individual days and for much of the year , and for the month as well for northern and eastern Queensland , " Auden told CNN . The rain is now easing , but it has left behind flooded rivers that continue to cause the problems , he said . Eight areas of the state have been declared disaster situations , Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said . She said the flooding was the worst she 's ever seen . "  What is unprecedented about what 's happening up here at the moment is just the scale and the number of communities affected , " she said in an interview Thursday with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  I 've certainly seen flooded towns before in Queensland . We have big storms and we have big river systems . But I 've never seen Queensland -- and I think it 's without precedent in our recorded history -- with so many places in so many diverse parts of the state each affected so critically all at once . " The government of Queensland said additional police have been sent to many flood-affected areas including Emerald , Rockhampton and Bundaberg . It asked drivers to be careful when driving over the New Year holiday throughout the state . More than 100,000 liters  26,400 gallons  of water was being trucked into the town of flooded town of Dalby on Thursday because it was left with only two days ' worth of drinking water supply , Roberts ' office said . "  This is a proactive measure , initiated before the stocks were exhausted , " Roberts said in a statement . "  The emergency was caused by the town 's water treatment plant being out of action after flood inundation . " Thirty-one of Queensland 's 73 communities are now receiving government disaster assistance , Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's office announced this week . Acting Attorney General Brendan O'Connor said the government would continue to monitor the situation in disaster-declared areas across Australia and work with state authorities to provide more assistance .	13 townships are evacuated Thursday Condamine , Emerald , and Rockhampton are seeing the worst flooding Forecasters say many areas will still be at flood stage in 2 weeks
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , who authorities say has confessed to the murder of a Peruvian woman , faces criminal charges in Alabama because he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Natalee Holloway 's mother , according to an Interpol document . U.S. authorities last week announced an arrest warrant for van der Sloot on charges of extortion and wire fraud , but they did not name the victim . In an Interpol document obtained by CNN Wednesday , American authorities ask Peruvian police to arrest van der Sloot and begin a process of extradition to the United States . The document states that Peruvian authorities can hold him if he is facing charges there . According to the document , around March 29 , van der Sloot contacted a representative of Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . The Dutch citizen , who was twice arrested in connection with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway but released for lack of evidence , said he would reveal the location of the body and the circumstances surrounding her death for $ 25,000 in cash . He asked for $ 250,000 in total , the document states . Van der Sloot and Beth Holloway 's representative met in Aruba , where a payment of $ 10,000 was made to him , followed by a transfer of $ 15,000 to a personal bank account in the Netherlands , the document states . In exchange , van der Sloot showed the representative a house where supposedly Holloway 's remains were , according to the document . When records showed that the house was n't even built at the time of her disappearance , van der Sloot admitted that he lied , Interpol said .	Joran van der Sloot tried to extort money from Natalee Holloway 's mom , authorities say U.S. authorities last week announced arrest warrant for van der Sloot For $ 250,000 , van der Sloot offered to reveal location of Holloway 's body His information was false , authorities say
CNN  -- In a case that has captured international attention , two of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent human rights activists were each sentenced on Saturday to at least 10 years in prison , Saudi activists report . They had been found guilty earlier Saturday of providing inaccurate information to foreign media , founding and operating an unlicensed human rights organization , as well as other offenses . Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid , co-founders of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , had been on trial since last year . The high-profile case has garnered widespread criticism from international rights groups that have said the charges against the men were politically motivated . Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them Al-Qahtani was sentenced to 10 years in prison , as well as given a 10-year travel ban , Saudi activists said . He was ordered arrested after the verdict was issued . Al-Hamid was sentenced to five years in prison as well as being ordered to serve an additional six years from a previous prison sentence of which he had been pardoned by Saudi King Abdullah in 2006 . Al-Hamid was given an additional five-year travel ban and also ordered arrested after the verdict was issued . Abdulaziz Al-Shubaily is a member of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , and he said he attended Saturday 's session at criminal court in Riyadh , the capital . He told CNN the courtroom was packed , "  full of journalists , activists , as well as a heavy security presence . " Al-Qahtani , a 46-year-old economics professor , faced nine charges , including breaking allegiance to the Saudi king , describing Saudi Arabia as a police state and turning people and international bodies against the kingdom . Al-Hamid faced similar charges , including spreading chaos , questioning the authority of official clerics and undermining public order . In an interview with CNN in January , Al-Qahtani called the accusations against him and Al-Hamid nonsense , saying he knows why he and Al-Hamid were really put on trial -- that they had stoked the ire of the kingdom for running an activist group that is trying to expose human rights violations there . "  We have a number of cases where people are thrown in prison arbitrarily , torture , forced disappearances . ... Whatever rights abuses  you could think of  , you could find in Saudi Arabia , " Al-Qahtani said . According to rights groups , Saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activists through the courts and travel bans . Tamara Al-Rifai , spokeswoman for Human Rights Watch 's Middle East and North Africa Division , told CNN in January , "  This has been a systematic approach by the authorities in Saudi Arabia -- namely , the targeting and harassing of activists across the country . " Al-Rifai explained that accusations against activists generally include "  instigating chaos , gathering illegally , harming the reputation , talking to foreigners , talking to the media , etc. " She said there is no clear criminal law in Saudi Arabia and that people "  are being arbitrarily arrested and detained for exercising rights that are stipulated by all international human rights laws , but also the Arab Charter of Human Rights , to which Saudi Arabia has adhered . " In June , Amnesty International issued a statement calling Al-Qahtani 's trial "  just one of a troubling string of court cases aimed at silencing the kingdom 's human rights activists . " Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment . When asked in January about the case and about accusations that Saudi Arabia is cracking down on dissent , Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry , told CNN , "  At the Interior Ministry , our area of responsibility is security . " "  My understanding is that these cases are being looked at by the courts now , " Added Al-Turki . "  Nobody will comment on cases being looked at by the courts . " Also known by the acronym ACRPA , the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , founded in 2009 , reported on human rights violations and attempts to help relatives of political prisoners free their loved ones through lawsuits against the government . Despite repeated attempts to obtain an operating license , the Saudi government did not give them one . In December 2010 , ACPRA called for all Saudis to participate in a public sit-in to demand political reform . The sit-in was canceled , as the ministry of interior told the organizers their request was refused . In January 2012 , ACPRA crossed one of the country 's ultimate red lines by being openly critical of Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry and demanding the interior minister be prosecuted for human rights violations . They 've also circulated petitions for the release of Saudis they believe are political prisoners . "  After the verdicts were issued , we 're worried , " said Al-Shubaily on Saturday . "  As activists , we were worried before , now we 're much more worried . " Al-Shubaily went on to explain that while ACPRA has now been ordered disbanded , human rights activists in the kingdom will continue to try to do their work .	Saudi activists who attended Saturday court hearing report sentence Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid accused of criticizing Saudi kingdom Rights groups say Saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activists
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council this week will take up a draft resolution proposed by Morocco that calls on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down and transfer power . "  It is primarily a straightforward condemnation of what has transpired , a call upon the government of Syria to adhere to the commitments it made , " U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice told reporters about the draft . She noted that it contains no sanctions nor does it threaten the use of force . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the draft demands the government end the violence , pull back its heavy weaponry from residential areas , allow monitors to operate freely , release political prisoners and allow the news media to operate . "  This is a regime composed of a small minority that is now attacking the majority of Syrians , " she said . "  It is the regime that bears responsibility for the violence . " Nuland said U.S. officials have also seen reports "  of Iran playing a nefarious role inside Syria . " But , she added , "  we are not in a position to confirm the accuracy " of those reports . The proposal comes after the Arab League suspended a mission to monitor whether al-Assad was abiding by an agreement to end the crackdown , which has left thousands of civilians dead . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby is scheduled Tuesday to deliver the monitoring mission 's findings to the Security Council . He and Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani will also address reporters . "  A swift reaction by the U.N. Security Council is urgently needed , " said Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Council . "  I urge all members of the U.N. Security Council to assume their responsibilities in relation to the situation in Syria , and adopt steps long overdue in order to bring an end to the repression in Syria . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday called for the council to "  send a clear message of support to the Syrian people : We stand with you . " "  The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms the escalation of the Syrian regime 's violent and brutal attacks on its own people , " Clinton said in a statement . "  The longer the Assad regime continues its attacks on the Syrian people and stands in the way of a peaceful transition , the greater the concern that instability will escalate and spill over throughout the region . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe will travel to U.N. headquarters in New York on Tuesday "  in order to persuade the Security Council to fully assume its responsibilities in the face of the increased level of crimes against humanity being perpetrated by the Syrian regime , " according to a statement on France 's U.N. delegation 's website . "  Everything must be done to bring an end to the spiral of violence now resulting from the bloody crackdown that Bashar al-Assad 's regime has been imposing for more than 10 months , " the statement continues , urging other nations to support the Moroccan resolution . "  It 's time for the Security Council to be able to take action in order to help resolve this crisis . " The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  , citing an official source at the Foreign and Expatriates Ministry , reported Tuesday that "  the U.S.-Western hostile statements " are being espoused to "  target Syria and create a different image about the ... Syrian crisis . " "  We wo n't be astonished at the absence of wisdom and reasonability of those statements , " said the source , who was not identified . "  We regret that those statements are still coming from countries accustomed to making the Middle East a field for their foolishness and failing experiments . " Meanwhile , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia had proposed its own draft resolution calling for the end to violence by all sides , the rejection of foreign interference in Syria and the start of an international dialogue without conditions , SANA said Monday , citing Japanese NHK Television . "  We are convinced that the Moscow contacts are indispensable in order to immediately cease any violence in Syria , prevent bloodshed and confrontation in the society , and ensure the success of deep democratic transformations in the country in compliance with the aspirations of all Syrians , " the ministry said , according to the state-run Itar-Tass News Agency . Russia said Syrian authorities have agreed to informal talks with opposition representatives in Moscow . "  We are expecting that the opposition will also give their assent in the next days and put the interests of the Syrian people before any other ideas , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . SANA carried two reports quoting Russian officials rejecting foreign interference . One cited a Russian official as complaining that "  the opposition and those supporting it in the west and Arab world " are refusing to engage in dialogue . One of the Syrian reports also cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as calling on the Security Council "  to study in detail the report of the Arab League Observer Mission on Syria " before discussing the draft resolution the Arab League has presented to the Security Council . Morocco 's draft resolution calls for al-Assad to step down and supports "  full implementation " of the Arab League recommendations on Syria . That would include calling on Syria to form a unity government within two months . Monday 's developments came amid continued heavy fighting between Syrian forces and the rebel Free Syrian Army in suburbs of the capital city of Damascus , where Syrian forces have been battling to take back neighborhoods in Saqba and Maleiha , according to opposition groups . One hundred people were killed Monday , according to the Local Coordination Committees , an opposition group that organizes and documents demonstrations . The deaths include eight children and a woman , the group said . Seventy-six of the deaths were in Homs , 15 in Daraa , six were in the Damascus countryside , two were in Idlib and one in Hasakah , the group said . A resident of Homs said six members of a family -- parents , two boys and two girls -- were found killed Monday in the city 's Karm Al-Zayton neighborhood . A YouTube video showed what appeared to be marks of torture on the bodies . A resident , citing witnesses , told CNN that victims were killed by forces loyal to al-Assad . CNN could not confirm this independently . "  Look at this boy , he was found holding on to his mother , " said a voice on the video . "  Some of his mother 's hair is still in his hand ! ... look at the hair . His mother 's hair is still in his hand . " The woman 's eye had been gouged from its socket . "  This is the work of Assad 's gangs and his so-called reforms , " the voice said . Government forces stormed the town of Rankous , and an explosion shook the town , according to the opposition activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Two defectors from the military were killed , dozens of civilians wounded , and some houses were destroyed in the bombardment , the London-based group said . In Idlib , clashes were under way Monday afternoon between military forces and a group of defectors , the observatory said . The group also reported violence in Rastan , Daraa , and other towns and cities across Syria . In Aleppo , lawyers conducted a sit-in at a courthouse , objecting to the killings of Syrians by security members and calling for the release of detainees , the Local Coordination Committees said . In part of Homs , Syrian forces battled to take back a neighborhood from the rebel army and anti-government protesters , according to an opposition activist who asked that his identity be withheld for fear of government reprisal . Casualties littered the streets of the neighborhood , which was under siege , the activist said . On state media , Syria routinely blames violence in the country on "  armed terrorist groups . " Citing Syria 's Interior Ministry , a SANA report claimed that "  competent authorities killed big numbers of terrorists and caught many others " over the past three days . "  The authorities are chasing the terrorists who remain at large , " the report adds . A similar statement , also attributed to the Interior Ministry , read Monday by a host on state television said security forces had "  conducted operations " over the prior three days in several cities , pursuing members of the "  armed terrorist groups that committed the most horrific crimes of killing and kidnapping , and planted landmines and detonated them on streets . " The groups had "  the most advanced weapons , including Israeli and American made weapons , " and Syrian troops were able to kill many of the terrorists and arrest others , the statement said , adding that the pursuit for others was under way . SANA reported that "  six army members , including a colonel , were martyred on Monday by the gunfire of an armed terrorist group while they were in the line of duty " in Daraa . When the group attacked a car carrying military personnel , "  a clash occurred , resulting in the killing and the injury of a number of the terrorists , " the agency said . Another 22 members of the army and law enforcement were taken from hospitals in Tishrin and Homs and buried Monday , SANA reported . "  The martyrs were killed at the hands of the armed terrorist groups while performing their national duty in Damascus countryside , Homs and Idlib . " SANA also reported that an "  armed terrorist group " blew up a gas pipeline . No casualties were reported . In addition , SANA said , another group killed a doctor at Bissan Hospital in Homs . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports of those killed or wounded because access to the country is limited . Syria has seen a sharp increase in violence in recent weeks , with hundreds killed in clashes between government forces , rebels and anti-government protesters . That escalation led the Arab League to suspend its mission Saturday . Ali Erfan , senior adviser to the Arab League 's secretary-general , said observers outside Damascus would be redeployed to the capital . Some will leave the country , while others will remain without conducting missions , he said , adding that he did not know how many would remain . The violence in Syria erupted in Daraa last March , after a number of teenagers and children were arrested for writing political graffiti that opposed the government . The unrest spread into an uprising , part of the "  Arab Spring " taking place in several countries across the the Middle East and North Africa . The United Nations estimated last month that more than 5,000 people have died since March . Opposition groups estimate a higher death toll , with counts near or exceeding 7,000 people . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Arwa Damon , Josh Levs , Yousuf Basil , Joe Sterling , and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : France 's foreign minister will try to persuade the U.N. "  to fully assume its responsibilities " Clinton calls on the U.N. Security Council to show Syrians "  we stand with you " Monday 's death toll reaches 100 , an opposition group says Syria 's Interior Ministry says security forces are conducting operations against terrorists
CNN  -- A Florida police officer who was shot at by three fugitive siblings said Thursday he was glad the trio was apprehended without any civilian or police casualties . Ryan Edward Dougherty , 21 ; his sister Lee Grace Dougherty , 29 ; and half-brother Dylan Dougherty Stanley , 26 , were arrested Wednesday on a rural stretch of Colorado highway . On August 2 , Zephyrhills , Florida , Police Officer Kevin Widner was shot at from a car occupied by the siblings . Widner was n't injured , though numerous rounds were fired during a chase that reached up to 100 mph , according to the Pasco County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . "  I look forward to seeing these criminals receive the punishment they are due for putting my life in danger as well as many citizens they showed total disregard for , " Widner said . Last week , Ryan Dougherty texted , "  There 's a time for all of us to die " after he was sentenced in Florida on a criminal charge , according to a Florida sheriff 's office . With that , authorities said the three siblings began a crime spree that included a bank robbery in Georgia and the attempted murder of Widner . "  At first I was like , wow , they 're shooting at me , " Widner said . "  Then I just wanted to catch them before they could hurt anybody . " One bullet struck his car 's tire , disabling his vehicle . As a police officer , he had played out scenarios in his head where he was shot at , and his police training helped him through the incident , he said . The Dougherty siblings led Colorado authorities on another chase Wednesday before crashing into a highway guardrail . One brother stayed in the car . Another brother stumbled off through the brush to a couple of nearby businesses , only to be picked up by law enforcement officials after a citizen spotted him , authorities told CNN . The sister , who wrote on her Flickr profile that she liked "  causing mayhem with my siblings , " tried to reload her automatic pistol , officials said . A police officer shot her in the leg . The three were all taken to a hospital with minor injuries , none of which are believed to be life-threatening , the Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office said . Colorado authorities said the trio spent Tuesday night in the San Isabel National Forest about 10 to 12 miles west of Colorado City . The Colorado Springs Gazette quoted a store employee as saying the three apparently purchased a tent at a recreation supply retailer in the city on Tuesday . Their run ended Wednesday morning on Interstate 25 between Colorado City and the town of Walsenburg , authorities said .	Officer Kevin Widner was shot at by the three siblings He was not hurt The fugitives were captured Wednesday in Colorado
A new study of over a million women reports smokers more than triple their risk of dying early compared with nonsmokers , and that kicking the habit can virtually eliminate this increased risk of premature death . Smoking remains the leading causes of preventable death in both the United States and the United Kingdom . Lead study author Richard Peto , a professor at the University of Oxford in the U.K. , and his colleagues conducted one of the largest studies looking at the hazards of smoking and the benefits of quitting among women born around the 1940s . These women were among the first generation of females to smoke regularly throughout their lifetimes , and tracking these women into the 21st century provided the most comprehensive look at the prolonged effects of smoking , as well as the benefits of quitting . TIME.com : Largest ever survey on global tobacco use issues dire warnings "  Only in the 21st century could we observe directly the full effects of prolonged smoking , and of prolonged cessation , on premature mortality among women , " said Peto in a statement . Between 1996 and 2001 , the researchers recruited 1.3 million female participants ages 50 to 65 . The women filled out questionnaires detailing their lifestyles , medical status and sociodemographic factors . The researchers followed up and resurveyed the women three and eight years later . At the start of the study , published in the journal Lancet , 20 % of the women were smokers , 28 % were former smokers and 52 % never smoked . Each of the women was registered in the U.K. 's national health system , so their deaths and cause of death were recorded . By 2011 , 66,000 had passed away . The researchers found that women who smoked cigarettes throughout their adult years had three times a greater risk of dying compared with nonsmokers and women who quit well before middle age . They were much more likely to die of smoking-related causes like lung cancer , heart disease and stroke . Even light smokers who smoked one to nine cigarettes per day had two times the mortality rate of nonsmokers . TIME.com : 5 smartphone apps that promote smoking More encouraging , however , was the positive effect that quitting seemed to have on the women 's life span . Those who quit smoking before they reached 40 avoided more than 90 % of the increased risk of premature death from cigarettes , while women who stopped even earlier -- before age 30 -- avoided 97 % of the added risk . And it 's never too late , the authors write , to stub out those cigarettes . "  Even cessation at about 50 years of age avoids at least two-thirds of the continuing smoker 's excess mortality in later middle age , " they write . The hazards of smoking on health and mortality for women who continued to smoke past 40 , for example , were 10 times greater than among women who quit before age 40 . Rachel Huxley , a professor at the University of Minnesota who wrote an accompanying editorial to the study , says that the latest data on women are a welcome addition to existing knowledge , which have underestimated the full impact of smoking on women . "  Unlike in men , we have had to wait until now to fully understand the hazards of smoking and the associated benefits of quitting in women , " she says . "  This is because smoking only first became popular among women born in the 1960s -- decades later than men -- and because of the long time lag between smoking and disease onset , we 've had to wait until these women were in their 50s to really see the damage to health that smoking has . " TIME.com : The major toll of secondhand smoke Huxley and the study authors note that compared with those who do n't smoke , women who smoke are at greater risk of heart disease than male smokers . Although the underlying mechanisms are largely unknown , researchers speculate that smoking 's effect on dampening the potentially protective effects of estrogen on the heart might put women smokers at a higher risk for heart disease than men who light up . Behavioral factors , like the fact that women tend to inhale more deeply than men , may also play a role . "  We just do n't know , but it 's intriguing and warrants further study , " says Huxley . Although smoking rates have largely declined in the West since the 1940s , new evidence suggests the practice may be on the rise in developing countries . In August , the World Health Organization released a report showing global smoking rates remain strong , with 1 in 10 women picking up the habit . More people from middle-income countries are smoking , and women are starting at younger ages . Given these trends , data on the long-term health effects of smoking are desperately needed , says Huxley . "  The main message is that quitting smoking works , and the sooner the better . " TIME.com : How much weight will you gain after you quit smoking ? TIME.com : Teens and tobacco use : Why declines in youth have stalled This story was initially published on TIME.com . Women who give up smoking extend lives by 10 years	A new study examines more than a million women in the United Kingdom Women who smoke throughout adult years have three times the risk of dying Women smokers are also at a greater risk of heart disease than male smokers Quitting smoking before middle age can virtually eliminate this risk
Gilroy , California  CNN  -- A trip to the grocery store used to send James McQuoid into a panic . When the Iraq War veteran heard a child crying , he remembered kids screaming in Fallujah . Coins jingling in the register reminded him of ammunition carried around a soldier 's neck . He would be in a store aisle , but not remember how he got there . The movements and sounds put his mind back in Iraq , back in a war zone . Calling it "  a mesh of realities " McQuoid said "  it 's enough to make your mind fracture . " McQuoid , 27 , has post-traumatic stress disorder , a severe anxiety disorder commonly characterized by flashbacks , nightmares and a heightened state of alertness . Of the more than 2 million U.S. troops deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan since October 2001 , it 's estimated that one in five is likely to be afflicted by PTSD or major depression , according to the RAND Corp. . These are often referred to as invisible wounds , and for veterans like McQuoid , the suffering runs deep . By the time he returned home from his second combat tour six years ago , McQuoid was having nightmares every day . He had a hard time communicating with his wife . Paranoid of everything , he isolated himself . "  I 'd stay in my house all the time , " said McQuoid , who was in the Marines from 2003-2007 . "  Windows were blacked out . I had cameras on the outside so I could monitor the surrounding area . ... The outside scared the hell out of me . " Fortunately , things started to change for the better about a year ago when he was matched with his service dog , Iggie , through Operation Freedoms Paws . The nonprofit , started by Mary Cortani , helps veterans train their own service dogs in northern California . "  It 's hard enough to come out of the service and get back into civilian life , " said Cortani , who served in the Army from 1975-1984 . "  But now they have an injury that people do n't understand . They have to find a way to balance what they 're feeling , what they 've experienced , with everyday life . " "  Service dogs are but one tool , but they 're a very important tool , in the healing process for our veterans . " Dogs can be trained to assist veterans in a variety of ways . For example , Iggie wakes McQuoid from nightmares , turns off lights and helps create space between McQuoid and others in public places . The dog also helps McQuoid keep his anxiety level down in stressful situations . The veterans "  are taught to focus on the dog , read the dog 's body language , not to worry about the environment , " said Cortani , 55 . "  If they start to have a panic attack because they 're getting overwhelmed or the anxiety is so strong , they 'll actually stop and kneel down and hug the dog . " Through her program , Cortani can match veterans with dogs from shelters or rescue groups . Then she helps them train the dog . "  When a veteran trains their own service dog , there are immediate benefits right off the bat , " she said . "  They have a mission and a purpose again . It gives them something to focus on and to complete . It gives them a sense of security and safety . ... They know they 're not alone . They 've always got their buddy at the end of the leash . " There are many groups across the country that provide veterans with service dogs , but the methods in which they work vary . Typically , organizations breed , raise and train dogs before pairing them with veterans , a process that can take months or years . Some , like Cortani 's group , use a train-the-trainer approach . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Cortani started training dogs more than 30 years ago while she was in the Army , and she translated that to civilian life , where she runs a canine obedience school . It was only recently that she started focusing on war veterans . In 2009 , she received a call from a Marine who had been waiting more than a year for a service dog . He was looking for a trainer who would help him train his Rottweiler puppy instead . Cortani did extensive research about PTSD and service dogs , and in January 2010 she started working with the young veteran to train the dog for his individual needs . Within a month , two other veterans contacted Cortani , and she matched them with dogs from shelters . "  The more veterans that started asking for help , the more I realized this is what I was supposed to do , " she said . Since then , Cortani and her group have worked with more than 70 veterans from all over the United States . "  I connect with these veterans because I am a veteran , " she said . "  I understand the military culture . I understand , to a certain extent , what they 've gone through even though I have n't walked in their shoes . " Cortani has personally worked with every veteran and dog that has gone through her training program , which lasts at least eight months and can take as long as a year . "  The dog is with them 24 hours a day , seven days a week . It 's a constant , " she said . "  Every day , everything is a training opportunity . They get to work and move forward . So as they progress , they see the success . " For McQuoid , training Iggie has given him the opportunity to build a strong bond . "  Just like your combat buddies watch your back , this dog has got to have that same kind of trust , " he said . "  And that trust is n't something that 's built up in a short amount of time . " To participate in Cortani 's program , veterans must be under some form of professional treatment for their disabilities and they must provide a prescription or doctor 's letter stating they 'll benefit from a service dog . Before they start training , Cortani spends several hours getting to know the veteran , which helps her find them the right dog with the right temperament . "  I try to get a sense of ... who they are , what they 're struggling with ... what they liked to do before they got injured , " she said . Operation Freedoms Paws , which runs on donations and community support , provides veterans with vests , leashes , collars , bowls , food and initial medical care and vaccines for the dog . The training is also free . After a veteran has completed the program , Cortani follows up with them weekly for the first 90 days , and then at least once a month for a year . But she said a lot of the veterans stay in touch even after that . "  You start to see them getting their confidence back , communicate differently , " she said . "  They venture out . And they 're beginning to participate in life again . In some cases , they 're actually able to go back to work . They 're able to communicate with their families ... have a conversation with a stranger . " McQuoid said that because of Iggie , his nightmares have decreased and he 's able to take his family out to restaurants and movies . "  Without Iggie , I would still be in my house ... probably divorced from my wife and very estranged from my son , " McQuoid said . "  And everything would continue to just fall on me until eventually I either decided it was time to end it and die , or just give up . " Recently , Cortani started a mentoring program to teach some of the veterans how to train new participants . Ultimately , she hopes to employ these veterans in several new locations throughout the country . "  My life is blessed every day that I get to spend time with these amazing men and women who 've served our country , " she said . "  Being able to help them find that joy back in their life ... it 's priceless . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Operations Freedoms Paws website at www.operationfreedomspaws.org and see how to help .	War veterans often struggle with invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder Service dogs can help them overcome their struggles and avoid anxiety attacks CNN Hero Mary Cortani has assisted dozens of veterans in finding , training their dogs Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- George Clooney 1 , Daily Mail newspaper 0 . The British newspaper 's website deleted an article about Clooney , his fiancee , Amal Alamuddin , and her mother , Baria , on Wednesday , after Clooney said the article was "  completely fabricated " and even "  dangerous . " The website subsequently apologized and said it had "  launched a full investigation . " The offending article came out on the Web on Monday and in print on Tuesday . While it is now missing from the Mail 's site , rewritten versions of it still appear on hundreds of other sites -- a point that Clooney himself made in an unusual response to the Mail , published by USA Today on Wednesday morning . In order to rebut the article , Clooney had to repeat some of what it said . "  The Daily Mail has printed a completely fabricated story about my fiancee 's mother opposing our marriage for religious reasons , " Clooney wrote in USA Today . "  It says Amal 's mother has been telling ` half of Beirut ' that she 's against the wedding . It says they joke about traditions in the Druze religion that end up with the death of the bride . " None of that is true , Clooney said . Clooney , of course , is used to media misbehavior -- thinly sourced stories about celebrities of his stature are a daily occurrence , and "  I seldom respond , " he wrote . "  But this lie involves larger issues , " he wrote . "  The irresponsibility , in this day and age , to exploit religious differences where none exist , is at the very least negligent and more appropriately dangerous . We have family members all over the world , and the idea that someone would inflame any part of that world for the sole reason of selling papers should be criminal . " Later on , he suggested that the Mail had moved "  into the arena of inciting violence . " So was the Mail story completely made up ? MailOnline , the Web division of the newspaper , said Wednesday that it was "  not a fabrication " ; rather , it was "  supplied in good faith by a reputable and trusted freelance journalist . " The Mail said the journalist "  based her story on conversations with a long-standing contact who has strong connections with senior members of the Lebanese community in the UK and the Druze in Beirut . " In other words , the journalist played a particularly bad game of telephone , repeating what one person was saying about what other people were allegedly saying about Clooney 's future mother-in-law . "  We accept Mr. Clooney 's assurance that the story is inaccurate and we apologise to him , Miss Amal Alamuddin and her mother , Baria , for any distress caused , " the Mail said in a statement . "  We have removed the article from our website and will be contacting Mr. Clooney 's representatives to discuss giving him the opportunity to set the record straight . " What we know about George Clooney 's fiancee Photos : The women who captured George Clooney 's heart CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Daily Mail said Clooney 's future mother-in-law opposes his marriage on religious grounds Clooney responds in USA Today , calling the story "  completely fabricated " and "  dangerous " The story was removed from the Mail 's website , and the paper is investigating Clooney rarely responds to the media 's stories about his personal life
CNN  Two extremists who attacked a landmark museum in Tunisia , killing 23 people , got weapons training at camps in Libya , an official said Friday . The suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , Security Minister Rafik Chelly said . He did not say which group activated them , or with whom they trained . "  They left the country illegally last December for Libya , and they were able to train with weapons there , " he told private broadcaster AlHiwar Ettounsi TV . Like Tunisia , Libya saw its longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi ousted during the regional wave of revolutions known as the Arab Spring . But unlike its neighbor to the west , Libya has been fraught with more instability and violence -- much of it perpetrated by Islamist militants , like those behind the 2012 Benghazi attack that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans . Such violence has been rare in Tunisia , at least on the scale of what happened Wednesday at the Bardo Museum in Tunis . Still , it is not a total shock , given that up to 3,000 Tunisians have left to fight as jihadists in Iraq and Syria , according to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization in London , not to mention others who have joined radical groups closer to home . Already , authorities have arrested nine people in connection with the attack , including four directly linked to it , according to a statement from Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi . And in an audio message posted online Thursday , ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack , which it said targeted "  crusaders and apostates " with "  automatic weapons and hand grenades . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . That bloodshed is "  just the start , " the ISIS message warned -- a threat that may or may not be hollow , but nonetheless adds extra urgency for Tunisian investigators . The nation 's security forces are working to break up other cells like those behind the recent Bardo Museum attack . But that 's not necessarily going to be fast or easy . "  We know they can launch operations , but we must piece together clues in order to conduct an arrest , " Chelly said . As investigators continued their work , Tunisians turned out Friday to mark the North African nation 's independence from France . Those commemorations were more somber this year , but they were also in many ways more significant . "  I 'm here to celebrate 59 years of our independence , " said Adib Adela , 38 , a school inspector in Tunis . "  The most important thing now is to properly investigate and to find those responsible . " Tunisia has been shaken by the terrorist attack , though it was foreigners -- 19 of them tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in Tunis -- who made up the vast majority of victims . Fifteen victims ' bodies are at a morgue in the capital , a forensic official said . Some of them have n't been identified two days after the attack , according to the official , and all are foreigners . The fear is that many other tourists wo n't come back . Already , the parent companies of the two ships that had most of the victims , Costa Cruises and MSC Cruises , have announced the cancellation of all scheduled stops in Tunis for 2015 and substituted them with other ports . That means some foreigners wo n't be coming to Tunisia as once expected . But it does n't mean all tourists will stay away -- as illustrated by a movement online of people vowing , "  I will come to Tunisia . " Beyond tourism , Tunisians also hope to get support from other countries as they fight terrorism . "  I hope other countries will support Tunisia , like they supported France after Charlie Hebdo , " said Amir Foudieli , 33 , who works for an export company , referring to the January massacre at the satirical magazine 's offices in Paris . "  We are Tunisian , this is our country . Not theirs , they  the terrorists  are bastards of children . We have centuries of history . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Victor Blackwell and journalist Yasmine Ryan contributed to this report .	Two cruise ship companies cancel 2015 stops in Tunisia after the Bardo Museum attack The museum attack suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , security minister says Tunisians gather to celebrate independence day
CNN  -- One of the founding members of Los Zetas , a ruthless Mexican drug cartel that began as a group of army deserters hired by a drug lord , has been sentenced to 35 years in prison , the federal attorney general 's office said . Jaime Gonzalez Duran was in the upper echelons of the Zetas leadership and is one of the biggest captures authorities have made against that group . A judge in Tamaulipas state convicted Gonzalez of organized crime and kidnapping and handed down the sentence , which includes a fine equivalent to 2,251 days of minimum wage , the attorney general 's office said . It is the third sentence against Gonzalez . In 2010 , two other courts sent him to prison for 21 and 16 years . Federal police arrested Gonzalez in November 2008 in Reynosa , Tamaulipas . He had in his possession $ 150,000 and a military-grade weapon , the attorney general 's office said . Before his arrest , he was a bodyguard and hit man for the leader of the Gulf cartel , the office said . The Zetas have since split off from the Gulf cartel and operate as their own cartel . Three others were sentenced alongside Gonzalez , prosecutors said Thursday . Benito Pena Gutierrez and Anselmo Rivera Alonso , both former police officers in the town of Guadalupe in the state of Nuevo Leon , were sentenced to 25 years for the kidnappings of four federal agents in 2007 . Another cartel member , Javier Paez Arredondo , was sentenced to 10 years for participating in organized crime .	Jaime Gonzalez Duran was one of the original Zetas He was a bodyguard and hit man for the Gulf Cartel It was the third sentence against him
CNN  -- Because of their growing numbers and presence in some of the key battleground states , Latinos are expected to play a prominent role in this year 's battle for the White House between President Barack Obama and presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney . By the numbers , here 's a look at Latino voters : 50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States  out of 308.7 million people 16 -- Percentage of the total U.S. population in 2010 that was Latino . 43 -- Percent increase since the 2000 census of the Latino population in the United States , according to the 2010 census . Would Latino running mate help Mitt Romney ? 29 -- Projected percentage of the U.S. population that will be Latino in 2050 . 131 million -- Total number of voters in the 2008 presidential election . 59.4 -- Percent of Latinos who were registered voters in 2008 . 49.9 -- Percent who voted in the 2008 presidential election . 42.7 -- Percent of the Latino population that is eligible to vote . Obama campaign releases third set of Spanish ads 22.4 -- Percent of Latinos in the U.S. who are of voting age but who are not citizens . 63 -- Percent of the Latino population in the U.S. from Mexican origins . 82 -- Percent population growth of Latinos in Nevada from 2000 to 2010 . 67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election . 31 -- Percentage who voted for John McCain . 68 -- Percent of registered Latino voters surveyed in 2011 who said they would support President Obama over Mitt Romney in a presidential match-up in 2012 . 23 -- Percent who answered that they would support Mitt Romney . 38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino , the most of any state . 3 -- Number of states tying for lowest number of eligible voters who are Latino , 0.7 % : Kentucky , South Carolina and West Virginia . See racial and ethnic breakdown for all 50 states and D.C. 82 -- Counties with a Latino population majority , out of 3,143 total . Sources for these statistics come from the U.S. Census Bureau , the Pew Hispanic Center and the Brookings Institution .	50.5 million -- Latinos in the United States  out of 308.7 million people 67 -- Percentage of Latino voters who voted for Barack Obama in the 2008 election 31 -- Percentage who chose John McCain 38.6 -- Percent of eligible voters in New Mexico who are Latino , the most of any state
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is asking lawmakers to withdraw confidence from his deputy after Saleh al-Mutlaq made controversial comments this week over American forces withdrawing from Iraq , state media reported late Saturday . In a recent interview with CNN , al-Mutlaq accused al-Maliki of amassing dictatorial power . "  There will be a day whereby the Americans will realize that they were deceived by al-Maliki ... and they will regret that , " said al-Mutlaq , a leader within Iraqiya movement . The request followed word that the Iraqiya coalition was boycotting the country 's parliament -- a move that would threaten Iraq 's fragile power-sharing arrangement . The crisis pits al-Maliki , a Shiite , against Iraqiya , a powerful political bloc that enjoys support from Sunnis and more secular Iraqis . Also at issue were reports that an arrest warrant had been issued for Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi for masterminding a recent car bombing targeting the parliament . Ali al-Mussawi , al-Maliki 's media adviser , said there were confessions that linked the Sunni vice president to the bombing . Al-Mussawi dismissed the notion that linking al-Hashimi to terrorism was politically motivated . He would not confirm whether an arrest warrant had indeed been issued , saying that was a matter for the judiciary . The Iraqiya bloc , headed by former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , made its move Friday night . The bloc is one of the largest and most powerful political groups in Iraq and boasts among its members the speaker of the parliament . The bloc had been in a power-sharing deal with al-Maliki 's State of Law Alliance , backed mostly by Shiites . Iraqiya accuses al-Maliki of trying to consolidate his own power rather than share it . His rivals say , for example , that he still controls the country 's security ministries and all decisions go through him . They also say that the hundreds of people seized by the government in October for backing terrorism and supporting the banned Baath Party are Iraqiya supporters . Iraqiya spokesman Haider al-Mulla said the bloc has always warned about the deal 's risks and says the State of Law Alliance has been violating the law . "  Iraqiya has always expressed its rejection to the policy of exclusion and marginalization , lack of power sharing , politicization of the judiciary , the lack of balance within the government institutions , " al-Mulla said . Al-Maliki won a second term as prime minister in 2010 after a months-long dispute among the leading parties in the country 's parliamentary elections . The largely secular Iraqiya movement won two more seats than al-Maliki 's party , but a merger of the premier 's Shiite Muslim slate with a smaller Shiite bloc put him first in line to form a government . There had been fears of renewed bloodshed between Iraq 's majority Shiite and minority Sunni populations and that prompted U.S. officials to work out a power-sharing agreement , bringing the Iraqiya movement into the government . Al-Mutlaq told CNN that Washington is leaving Iraq "  with a dictator " who has ignored a power-sharing agreement , kept control of the country 's security forces and rounded up hundreds of people in recent weeks . He said he was "  shocked " to hear U.S. President Barack Obama greet al-Maliki at the White House on Monday as "  the elected leader of a sovereign , self-reliant and democratic Iraq . " "  America left Iraq with almost no infrastructure . The political process is going in a very wrong direction , going toward a dictatorship , " he said . "  People are not going to accept that , and most likely they are going to ask for the division of the country . And this is going to be a disaster . Dividing the country is n't going to be smooth , because dividing the country is going to be a war before that and a war after that . " Neighboring Iran , predominantly Shiite and led by a Shiite regime , views al-Maliki as its man in Baghdad and has dictated the shape of the current government , al-Mutlaq said . But he said al-Maliki is playing games with both Washington and Tehran . The last U.S. troops are scheduled to be out of Iraq by the end of December , nearly nine years after the 2003 invasion that topped Saddam Hussein . More than 4,000 Americans and an estimated 115,000 Iraqis died in the invasion and the years of insurgency and sectarian warfare that followed . A Sunni who was originally barred from running because of allegations that he supported Hussein 's Baath Party , al-Mutlaq said he has no authority within the government . He said al-Maliki has flouted the power-sharing deal 's provisions by refusing to name permanent ministers to lead the defense and interior ministries , which concentrates control over the military and police in the prime minister 's hands . He said U.S. officials , who brokered the power-sharing deal , either "  do n't know anything in Iraq and they do n't know what is happening in Iraq , or because they do n't want to admit the reality in Iraq , the failure in Iraq , the failure of this political process that they set in Iraq . " Along with Shiites and Sunnis , Kurds are a major player in Iraqi politics . Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish member of parliament , said lawmakers discussed the Iraqiya move on Saturday and said it reflects "  a level of mistrust between the blocs , the government , Iraqiya and others . "  The problem is that Maliki is n't sharing any security decisions with Iraqiya , he does n't trust them and this is a big problem , " he said . "  Power-sharing was never power-sharing . We are in a government of conflict . Power-sharing was never successful . "  The Kurds do n't want to take sides , we want them  Iraqiya and State of Law Alliance  to get together to solve their problems . " He is worried that the problem could morph into fighting between Sunnis and Shiites or violence against the government . "  This is n't just political , " he said . "  It 's sectarian . "	NEW : Nuri al-Maliki 's spokesman links the vice president to a bombing The deputy prime minister 's job is on the line after controversial comments , report says Request comes after word that the Iraqiya bloc wo n't participate in parliament Iraqiya , of which al-Mutlaq is a member , claims al-Maliki is trying to consolidate power
Washington  CNN  -- When Tip O'Neill retired in 1987 , he was asked how the quality of people elected to Congress had changed in his 30-plus years of service . The former Speaker of the House answered : "  The quality is clearly better , much better . " But , he added , "  The results are definitely worse . " He meant : as compared to the Congresses of the 1950s , the Congresses of the 1980s contained fewer drunks and fewer crooks . Members were better educated and harder working . Yet the Congresses of the 1950s managed to balance the budget , confirm presidential nominees in reasonable time and enact programs , like the one that created the interstate highway system . The Congresses of the 1980s could do none of those things . And of course the contemporary record is even worse . This past summer , Congress very nearly pushed the United States into an unnecessary default . Another government shutdown looms . The budgeting of the United States is in chaos . The Federal Reserve has been left for months with two vacancies on its seven-member board because of secret holds by individual senators . Politics is a contest , limited by certain unwritten rules . And over the past two decades , old rules have broken down . Under the old rules , there were certain things that political parties did not do -- even though theoretically they could . If one party controlled the Senate and another party controlled the presidency , the Senate party did not reject all the president 's nominees . The party that controlled the House did not refuse to schedule votes on the president 's budgets . Individual senators did not use secret holds to sway national policy . The filibuster was reserved for rare circumstances -- not as a routine 60-vote requirement on every Senate vote . It 's incredible to look back now on how the Reagan tax cut passed the Democratic House in 1981 . The Democratic House leaderships could have refused to schedule votes on Reagan 's tax plans . Instead , they not only allowed the tax plan to proceed -- but they allowed 48 of 243 Democrats to break ranks on the key procedural vote without negative consequences to their careers in the Democratic party .  Rep. Dan Glickman of Kansas , for example , who voted for the tax cuts would rise to become Secretary of Agriculture under President Clinton . Hard to imagine Speaker John Boehner allowing his Republicans to get away with similar behavior on a measure proposed by President Obama . What 's happening before our eyes is that the US congressional system is adopting the attitudes of a Westminster-style parliamentary system . In a parliamentary system , "  the duty of an opposition is to oppose "  in the famous words of Benjamin Disraeli  . The opposition uses every trick and technique to thwart and defeat the government ; the government uses all the powers of a parliamentary majority to overwhelm the opposition .  To quote Disraeli again : "  a majority is always better than the best repartee . " Then , at regular intervals , the two sides switch roles . In the American system , there is no "  government " and no "  opposition . " Who would lead such a "  government " ? President Obama ? Or the man in command of the majority in the lower House -- Prime Minister John Boehner ? In a system built around an administration and a bicameral Congress , everybody is part of the government -- and the government only functions if there exists a certain baseline spirit of cooperation between the mutually indispensable parts . That spirit of cooperation has tended to vanish in recent years . Back in 1986 , Democratic leaders quashed those in their party who wished to try impeach Ronald Reagan over Iran-Contra . But as the Cold War ended , the party struggle intensified . The shock of the economic crisis since 2008 has made things worse still : desperate times lead to desperate politics . The old rules were based upon certain conditions that have long since vanished . Back then , Congress was filled with legislators who shared the common bond of military service : in 1981 , 73 of the senators were veterans as compared to only 25 today ; a similar trend characterizes the House . The imperatives of the Cold War inspired a spirit of deference to the president . The long association of the filibuster with opposition to civil rights tended to discredit its use . The national media were dominated by a few big institutions that professed  even if they did not always deliver  nonpartisanship . Americans intermingled more with people of different points of view . Bill Bishop points out in his important book , "  The Big Sort , " in the very close presidential election of 1976 , only 26 % of Americans lived in a county that went for Gerald Ford or Jimmy Carter by a margin of 20 points or more . In the also close presidential election of 2004 , almost 50 % of Americans lived in a county that voted by more than 20 points for either George W. Bush or John Kerry . Perhaps above all : the long prosperity of the postwar years lubricated the system with enough resources that just about everybody could get some of what they wanted : more spending , moderate taxes , reasonable borrowing , strong national defense . Now instead we have a country that is spatially polarized , that gets its information from highly partisan media , and that confronts the worst recession and the darkest financial outlook since the 1930s . The results of these changes are breaking the American political system -- destroying public confidence in the U.S. government -- and paralyzing the U.S. economic policy . It will take more than a change in attitudes to address these concerns . It will take fundamental institutional reform . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : In past 30 years , rules of bipartisan cooperation have dissolved He says use of filibuster is now routine , presidential appointments are stalled Frum says parties are acting as if their only choices are to govern or to oppose America 's government is built on the idea that opposing parties will work together
CNN  -- A Lavaca County , Texas , grand jury did not return an indictment against a father who killed a man he found allegedly sexually abusing his daughter , officials said Tuesday at a press conference in Hallettsville , Texas . "  The substantial amount of evidence showed that the witness statements and the father 's statement and what the father had observed was in fact what had happened that day , " Lavaca County District Attorney Heather McMinn told reporters . The father , who will not be charged , is not being named by CNN to protect the identity of his daughter . The father called 911 , and he and his family tried to "  save the life " of alleged attacker Jesus Mora Flores "  despite what they had just witnessed , " McMinn added . McMinn told CNN that Flores , 47 , was not an acquaintance of the family . According to the Lavaca County Sheriff 's Office , the father and his family had gathered for a horse shoeing last Saturday at their ranch where they keep horses and chickens . Ohio woman charged with prostituting daughter There were seven people in attendance in total , including four members of the family , two acquaintances and a stranger to the family , who was the alleged molester . According to McMinn , the alleged abuser was a legal worker from Mexico . His 5-year-old daughter had gone off toward the barn , to feed the chickens , the child 's grandfather told CNN affiliates KSAT and KPRC . Then her father heard screaming and ran . He found a man sexually abusing his daughter , according to Sheriff Micah Harmon . The father stopped the alleged abuser , and then pounded him repeatedly in the head , killing him , authorities said . On the recorded 911 call , the father can be heard crying , and telling the operator , "  I need an ambulance . This guy was raping my daughter and I beat him up . And I do n't know ... I do n't know what to do . " Later in the call , when the operator tells the caller , "  I 'm working on it if you can hold on , " the emotional father says , "  The guy 's dying on me ! " McMinn also told CNN the child 's grandfather and aunt both administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation . Neither officials nor the family 's attorney , V'Anne Huser , took questions from reporters Tuesday but Huser said in light of the grand jury 's decision , "  in our opinion , today , the story is over . " McMinn told CNN she had "  never seen a case this clear " in her career . The incident occurred outside the town of Shiner , a community between Houston and San Antonio that has about 2,000 people within its city limits and another 1,500 or so on its outskirts , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . TV movie on ` Green River Killer ' leads to ID of remains of woman missing since '82 CNN 's Nick Valencia , Martin Savidge and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	A Texas father said he beat a man he found sexually abusing his daughter The man died , despite the father 's call to 911 for help and efforts to provide aid "  This guy was raping my daughter and I beat him up , " the crying father says in 911 call A grand jury decides no charges against the father
CNN  If Muslims "  must be held responsible " for last week 's terror attacks in France , as media mogul Rupert Murdoch has said , does that make all Christians responsible for evil perpetuated by a small minority ? The question is floating around social media in response to the News Corp. . CEO 's comments about Islam 's "  growing jihadist cancer . " Author J.K. Rowling was among the first high-profile voices to challenge his argument over the weekend . Then , comedian Aziz Ansari joined in with the hashtag #RupertsFault , inviting others to contribute examples of "  all the evil s ** t " Christians must be responsible for under Murdoch 's logic . He also asked Murdoch to advise on how Muslims like his "  60-year-old parents in North Carolina " can help destroy terrorist groups . Murdoch ignited the controversy on Friday by tweeting , "  Maybe most Moslems peaceful , but until they recognize and destroy their growing jihadist cancer they must be held responsible . " He followed it up with , "  Big jihadist danger looming everywhere from Philippines to Africa to Europe to US . Political correctness makes for denial and hypocrisy . " Naturally , not everyone agreed . Rowling kicked things off , and others piled on , following Ansari 's examples . If Muslims are to blame for last week 's terror attacks , they argued , then Christians must be responsible for the following : 1 . The Spanish Inquisition , Christian fundamentalist violence ... and Jim Bakker . 2 . The sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic church 3 . Christian extremism 4 . The Holocaust 5 . Anything annoying or inconvenient remotely related to people who identify as Christians	Muslims "  must be held responsible " for "  growing jihadist cancer , " Rupert Murdoch says J.K. Rowling , Aziz Ansari challenge his logic by applying it to Christianity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nearly 150,000 homes were without drinking water Monday after the worst floodwaters in 60 years swamped large areas of western England . Flooding has caused widespread disruption across the country with further regions braced for more floods . British military and rescue workers battled to save a major electricity substation on the outskirts of Gloucester , England , that serves about 500,000 homes . About 1,000 Royal Navy personnel were building an emergency barrier to keep the Walham substation from flooding . Their efforts have been successful so far , the Gloucestershire Constabulary Emergency Services said Monday evening . Some 50,000 homes were already without electricity before the substation was threatened . Two major rivers -- the Thames and the Severn -- are well above their normal levels and may burst their banks , according to authorities . Watch as Britons brace for more flooding " Britain 's Environment Agency warned water levels could rise further to a "  critical level " and issued nine severe flood warnings across the country . The worst affected areas are the counties of Gloucestershire , Herefordshire , Worcestershire and Oxfordshire , which had more than 5 inches  12.5 cm  of rain in barely 24 hours . More rain is forecast , and the risk of flooding is increasing as floodwaters work their way into the river system . In the historic city of Gloucester , the River Severn is expected to burst its banks later Monday . The river is already nearly 15 feet  5 meters  above its normal level for this time of year and close to breaching its banks . See residents walk through flooded streets and homes " Electricity and water supplies in and around the city are already cut to many residents , after a water treatment plant and electricity sub-station were flooded . The city of Tewkesbury is also flooded -- video from the area showed dozens of cars and homes under several feet of water . Officials said it would be at least 48 hours before they could gain access to the Mythe Water Pumping Station in Tewkesbury to return water supply to 70,000 customers in Tewkesbury , Gloucester and Cheltenham . "  There is no doubt this unprecedented situation has been testing for each and every one of the emergency services and our partner agencies , " said Gloucestershire Chief Constable Timothy Brain . "  I must pay tribute to the marathon effort being made to prevent the situation from worsening and to support those affected by the flooding , loss of power , loss of water and other consequences of this extreme situation , " he said . Hundreds of people in the worst affected areas have been plucked to safety by helicopters of the Royal Air Force and boats . Further north in Evesham , the River Severn is more than twice its normal width . So far this month England has had nearly two-and-a-half-times its normal rainfall . Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited Gloucester -- and promised to mobilize resources from across the country . He also announced increased funding for flood and coastal defenses across the country . "  Like every advanced industrialized country , we are coming to terms with the issues surrounding climate change , " he said . The prime minister described the flooding as unprecedented , and brushed aside criticism of his government for the quality of flood defenses and a slow response to the crisis . "  I think the emergency services have done a great job , " he said . "  I am satisfied people are doing everything they can . " The wet weather for much of June and July across England and Wales has also affected crops . Farmers are predicting low yields and higher prices -- with several crops due to be harvested in the next month . Insurance companies are expecting claims worth hundreds of millions of dollars because of flood damage . More than 2,000 people spent Sunday night in emergency accommodation and the Royal Air Force and coastguard helicopters airlifted hundreds to safety in one of Britain 's largest peacetime rescue operations . "  I 'm afraid to say that I do n't think we have seen the peak yet , " John Harman , of the Environment Agency , told BBC radio . "  All this water that we have seen ... is now into the river system . Even though the rain has eased off a bit ... it 's the water in the rivers now that constitutes a threat . " E-mail to a friend	Flood waters in parts of England at 60-year highs UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledges more funds to tackle floods Tens of thousands of people without water and electricity Environment Agency issues nine severe flood warnings
CNN  -- With Halloween just a few weeks away , "  NBA 2K15 " is here with a whole new set of mutant horrors to populate your nightmares . On Tuesday , the latest entry in 2K 's massively popular pro basketball video-game series was released to rave reviews and crowds lining up for midnight release events . One of the game 's coolest features is a new face-scanning system that , on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 , uses the console 's camera to let you make a 3-D model of your face and create a custom character to play . Except , well ... except that , sometimes , you get this : Clearly , some players were having trouble with the scanning process . And , to the delight and sheer terror of the Internet , the results often ended up looking like something out of "  The Toxic Avenger " or "  Hellraiser . " The scan requires players to get very close to their camera and then rotate their head slowly over the course of about 30 seconds . In 2K 's gaming forums , several threads popped up with players complaining about the glitch . Others who had experienced similar trouble were offering advice . The most frequent suggestion was to open windows to let in natural light when conducting the scan . Gamers on social media were , of course , having a ball with the freak show . "  Man , that new ` Silent Hill ' is really shaping up , " wrote Max Scoville , of gaming video channel Destructoid , referring to the classic horror game . "  Unclear why they 're calling it ` NBA 2K15 . ' " And not all surprising face-scan results were of the soul-crushingly ugly variety . The folks over at SB Nation scanned Pepper , one of their reporters ' dogs , and in our opinion , she looks ready to hit the hardwood . .	` NBA 2K15 ' face scan feature is leading to amusing , horrifying images The game was released today to long lines and great reviews Feature is meant to let players create a character with their own face
While the nation is watching and hearing the angry protests in support of black shooting victim Michael Brown , a different kind of support is being voiced for the white police officer who fatally shot the unarmed teenager . In a first account of its kind , a caller to Radio America 's "  The Dana Show , " who identified herself only as Josie , told listeners a detailed account of Officer Darren Wilson 's side . A source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN it accurately matched what the officer has told investigators . "  He said all of a sudden , he just started to bum rush him , " she said . "  He just started coming at him full speed , and so he just started shooting and he just kept coming . " "  I can even say without speaking to Darren , without even having heard his statements , that at that moment in time , he was scared for his life , I am 100 % positive of that , " Wilson 's longtime high school friend Jake Shepard told CNN . But accounts of exactly what happened between Wilson and Brown vary widely . Witnesses have said they saw a scuffle between the officer and Brown at a police car before the young man was shot . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests Facebook support In a rally organized by the "  Support Darren Wilson " Facebook page , more than 100 people gathered Sunday in downtown St. Louis to show their support for Wilson , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . The Facebook group is gaining attention on social media and has received more than 29,000 likes since its creation on August 9 . A second Facebook page , "  I Support Officer Wilson , " is almost at 33,000 likes since its creation Friday . According to the "  Support Darren Wilson " page , another rally was set up over the weekend on a bridge that connects Illinois and Missouri . And in a recent post on the page , the group is preparing for another rally this week . The posts on both pages express frustration about not being heard in the media and allege a lack of support for Wilson and law enforcement . A recent post on the "  I support Officer Wilson " page says , "  We started this page to be the voice that law enforcement did not have . " Another post from the same page says that Wilson has overcome a rough childhood himself and that becoming a police officer has helped him to overcome that . "  It has been brought to my attention that Officer Darren Wilson had a very hard childhood and was able to rebound from that childhood becoming a police officer . ... This man is a hero now and has always been a hero , " one post reads . Wilson , 28 , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he will have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities said . Shepard told CNN the officer was the "  nicest guy in the world . " "  I could never imagine him even in that situation taking someone 's life , let alone taking someone 's life with malicious intent , " he said . A post from the "  I support Officer Wilson " page says that Wilson is struggling with what he 's done . "  This incident and the death of Michael Brown has been very hard for Officer Wilson and he is not handling it well , " it says . Support from friends , families Many who say they are wives of law enforcement officers have posted stories about their husbands facing similar situations . Others who say they 're friends of fallen officers have also posted about the grief they have seen when an officer is killed in the line of duty . KimC shared her support on the St. Louis Police Wives ' Association blog : "  Thank you from a Ferguson resident and friend of the officers here in the community . ... Thank you for the meals , donations to Darren and constant prayers . God bless you all . " A crowdfunding campaign for the officer is also gaining traction via fundraising websites . A Gofundme.com campaign raised over $ 10,000 in less than 24 hours and now has a goal of $ 100,000 . And a Teespring campaign , which sells T-shirts to help raise funds , has sold 1,007 T-shirts , breaking its goal of 1,000 T-shirts . The outpouring is modest when compared with that for the Brown family . A memorial campaign fund set up by Brown 's parents has raised over $ 82,363 in the last five days , breaking an $ 80,000 goal . What we know about Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Rallies in support of Officer Darren Wilson are being organized on social media Funding for the officer and the family has taken off Friends defend Wilson 's actions
Just when it looked like Ukraine was settling down after toppling pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych over the weekend , tension flared again in Crimea , the southern part of the country where support for Russia is strong . Armed men seized regional government buildings in Crimea and hoisted the Russian flag . Rival demonstrators chanted "  Crimea is Russia " and "  Crimea is not Russia " back and forth at each other . With the peninsula turning into a flashpoint , here are five things you need to know about Crimea . 1 . Crimea is n't legally part of Russia now , but it has been in the past . Moscow has had an interest in Crimea for hundreds of years , with its rich farmland and its access to the Black Sea . Russia gave Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 , when both Russia and Ukraine were part of the Soviet Union . After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , there was some local desire for Crimea to leave Ukraine and become part of Russia again , but lawmakers in Ukraine and Crimea voted for it to stay part of Ukraine . Gunmen seize government buildings in Crimea , raise Russian flag 2 . A lot of Russians still live in Crimea . There are actually three main groups in Crimea : ethnic Ukrainians in the north , Russians in the south , and a third group called Tatars in the middle . The Tatars represent 15 to 20 % of the population and suffered badly under Stalin in the Soviet era . They 're "  deadest against annexation by Russia , " Alexander Motyl of Rutgers University told a Council on Foreign Relations audience last week . 3 . Part of the Russian Navy is based in Crimea . Any talk about the importance of Crimea to Russia quickly turns to the Black Sea Fleet . The Russian Navy has had a base at the Crimean city of Sevastopol , on the Black Sea , for 230 years . Ships and subs based there are just north of Turkey and can reach the Mediterranean to influence the Middle East and the Balkans . An expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies has been arguing that the importance of the Black Sea Fleet can be overstated . It is the smallest of the Russian Navy 's four fleets , and Russia has a Black Sea coast of its own . In fact , Russia is expanding its Black Sea port of Novorossiysk and moving military vessels there , Christian Le Miere argues . And yet Sevastopol clearly remains significant for Russia . In 2010 , Moscow gave Ukraine a good deal on natural gas , partly in exchange for Kiev extending the Russian Navy lease on the base in Ukraine . 4 . Crimea has played a vital role in world history before . Even if you do n't know anything else about the Crimean War , you 've heard of Florence Nightingale , the founder of modern nursing . It was in the Crimean War in the 1850s that she became known as the Lady with the Lamp , caring for soldiers wounded in the war that Britain , France and Ottoman Turkey fought against Russia . Generations of British schoolchildren have memorized a poem dating from the war : "  The Charge of the Light Brigade , " by Alfred Lord Tennyson . The poem commemorates a blunder when British troops attacked the wrong Russian position and were slaughtered , memorialized by Tennyson in the lines : "  Theirs not to reason why , theirs but to do and die . " That same battle added a word to the English language : It was called the Battle of Balaclava . 5 . And do n't forget Yalta , of course . When World War II was grinding to an end in 1945 , the Allied leaders -- U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt , British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin -- met to divide up Europe . That meeting , which laid the groundwork for the Cold War , took place in the Crimean resort of Yalta . Opinion : Will Crimea be Europe 's next ` frozen ' conflict ?	Tensions are running high in Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula The region has historically been part of Russia , but it 's Ukrainian now A lot of ethnic Russians live there , but so do Ukrainians and Tatars who are anti-Russian Part of the Russian Navy is based in Crimea
Before Ebola , there was the flu -- the Spanish flu of 1918 , which burned rapidly through army barracks , refugee camps , troop ships , all the crowded high-risk zones that World War I created . Some people think it came out of Kansas . The first American cases developed there . Soldiers from army camps like Fort Riley , in eastern Kansas , carried the virus to other camps around the U.S. , and over the sea to France . The flu of 1918-1919 came toward the end of the First World War -- which began a century ago this year -- and it killed more people than died in that conflict , more people than the Black Death , back in the 14th century . In fact , nobody knows exactly how many people died around the world ; the estimates go all the way up to 100 million , which would have been 5 % of the world 's population . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you If you lost a son in uniform in 1918 , you were equally likely to lose him to the flu as to enemy bullets ; half of the American servicemen who died were killed by the flu . After the virus started spreading in Europe , infecting and killing people in a number of countries , it was thoroughly described in the Spanish press -- because the King of Spain got sick , and because Spain was not in the war , and therefore not censoring news , while the French , British , and German papers were suppressing anything which might have an effect on wartime morale or suggest vulnerability . And thus , as a prize of peace , Spain became forever connected to the most deadly pandemic of all time . Opinion : The promise World War I could n't keep Influenza is a seasonal illness . Every year an influenza virus emerges , generally originating somewhere in Asia , and moves through the world , causing fever and chills , muscle pain and headache , cough and runny nose , and a certain number of deaths . That 's why you need to get a flu shot every fall -- it 's available now and you should make sure that you get it , and doubly sure that your children do -- because the flu virus is a particularly changeable microbe , and every year the virus is a slightly different genetic mix , and the vaccine has to be tailored to protect you . Most years , most strains , influenza is especially deadly to the very young and the very old . In my pediatric clinic , we vaccinate every child starting at 6 months of age , but we take special trouble to make sure that the kids with medical problems , from asthma to congenital heart disease , get flu vaccine every year . The 1918 flu virus was different . It was deadly to young adults . The elderly , who are often the victims in flu season , did relatively well , perhaps because they had lived through a related strain of flu 30 years earlier , and therefore had some protective immunity . But people in their 20s and 30s , healthy young people , got sick in record numbers -- and many of them did not recover . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I That same 1918 flu was unusually virulent , so a very high percentage of the people who got sick went on to die . They died because their lungs filled with fluid . They drowned , it was sometimes said , inside their own useless lungs . There are stories about how fast this influenza killed ; people got sick and died within 12 hours . But the Spanish flu also looked more like a hemorrhagic fever -- that is , people died because the infection affected their ability to form blood clots and stop bleeding -- so there were people coughing up blood , or bleeding from their noses or their eyes . Some victims ' feet turned black from internal bleeding . Opinion : War : What is it good for ? Art ! In other words , the 1918 virus behaved a little like the Ebola virus , a hemorrhagic fever virus much in the news right now . This flu raced through classrooms and schools and theaters -- and cities . In Philadelphia in October 1918 , every hospital bed was filled , and hundreds of people were dying every day . The city ran out of coffins . "  The most terrifying aspect of the epidemic was the piling up of bodies , " John Barry writes in his book , "  The Great Influenza . " "  Undertakers , themselves sick , were overwhelmed . They had no place to put bodies . Gravediggers either were sick or refused to bury influenza victims . " Opinion : Should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? All kinds of public health measures and quarantines were tried , as the epidemic raged . Campaigns promoted face masks and targeted spitting in public with misdemeanor ordinances and fines . St. Louis closed its schools , theaters , pool halls , churches and bars , in a strategy called "  social distancing . " New York City required businesses to stagger their hours , so that people would n't be squeezed together in rush hour commutes . When the Boston schools were closed , teachers were recruited as nurses . Some towns attempted to keep the virus out altogether ; Barry tells the story of Gunnison , Colorado , which blocked all incoming roads and warned railway passengers that if they stepped off the train onto the platform , they would be arrested . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' Cities also built their public health infrastructures ; they opened emergency clinics , they strengthened reporting networks that tracked infectious diseases . In fact , the story of the 1918 influenza can be read -- by those who have eyes to see -- as the admittedly bloody beginning of the triumph of modern medicine , public health and scientific microbiology . But none of that is what saved us , not the development of a vaccine . We were saved because , as it does every year , the flu epidemic receded . Maybe that intensely virulent strain of influenza virus was replaced , over time , by a less virulent strain . And the annual influenza story became a largely pro forma public health story : Viral strain identified , vaccine manufactured , full speed ahead ! Get your flu shots ! Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I In 1918 , a virus that was unusually devastating to the young and healthy came into a world which , paradoxically , had marshaled many of its young healthy citizens for military purposes . So the First World War shaped the epidemic , and the epidemic , in turn , affected the war . Most famously , U.S. President Woodrow Wilson came down with influenza while attending the Paris Peace Conference and had to miss days of the negotiations that ultimately resulted in the Treaty of Versailles . Every epidemic is a product of microbiology and sociology ; we look at Ebola now and worry about an epidemic which can spread by mass air travel in an interconnected world , which circumvents some of our modern medical precautions . Opinion : How World War I gave us drones But the important lessons from the 1918 epidemic are probably not specific to the virus -- or rather , they would argue for looking closely at any contagious illness and thinking carefully about true risk and true benefit . How is the virus actually transmitted , when does it make sense to practice social distancing , to institute quarantines , to close the schools and the pool halls and the churches ? We have microbiological knowledge that the good people of 1918 did not possess ; we have antiviral drugs and disposable personal protective equipment to be put on by everyone working with patients at risk . That should make us at once more fearful -- because yes , indeed , the world as we know it may end because of new and terrifying infectious agents -- and more sanguine -- because yes , we live in a world of microbes . They live on us , and in us , and sometimes we travel together into darkness . Opinion : When chemical weapons killed 90,000 Nothing will ever take away the threat of a new and virulent microbe . But we have learned a lot about building institutions to help us protect ourselves and the people we love , about public health and common sense . In other words , stop worrying about Ebola , think about 1918 , wash your hands and go get that flu shot . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Perri Klass : Before Ebola , there was Spanish flu , World War I-era pandemic It killed tens of millions , more than died in war ; mainly young adults ; was similar to Ebola One result : Cities modernized medical infrastructure , strategies to stop spread , she says Klass : It taught us realities of stemming contagion : Wash hands , get your flu shot !
CNN  -- Time has changed . In fact , most of the country just moved an hour forward . The time change coincides with the conclusion of the 2014 Conservative Political Action Conference , known as CPAC . The activists attending the conference are the Republican Party 's shock troops , but some Republican strategists do n't want them to shock mainstream voters this fall . Still , the gathering proved somewhat of a litmus test for a schizophrenic conservative base trying to figure out where it stands as the 2014 midterms approach , all the while struggling with change in a country that is changing quite rapidly . It tells you something that one of the biggest applause lines of CPAC was n't even an applause line . It occurred when Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell held a rifle on stage .  The rifle was presented to Sen. Tom Coburn . It also tells you something that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was invited to CPAC this year , now that he is embroiled in the Bridgegate scandal , but he was not invited last year , when he was on his way to re-election in a Democratic state . It seems like CPAC 's test is whether you 're making the right enemies . If the mainstream media is going after you , then CPAC will invite you . Christie 's CPAC speech was directed to the conservative Republican base ; he did n't talk beyond them , to a wider audience , as he did last year when he was running for re-election . He referred repeatedly to his anti-abortion positions . He attacked the news media and defended the Koch brothers . But in between the back-slapping and pontificating in the ballrooms and back rooms at CPAC , a new rift emerged inside the GOP . There appears to be a real division and a real debate in the Republican Party between the isolationists and the interventionists . In 1952 , it was between Sen. Robert Taft and Gen. Dwight Eisenhower . That debate still is n't settled . In order for President Obama , Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden to be moderates , they just have to present themselves between the extremes of Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul 's isolationism and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 's hawkishness -- the difference between living in a cave or conducting ourselves so that we 're in need of one . And , so far , the conservatives at the conference seemed to be picking up what Paul was laying down . In the annual CPAC straw poll , Paul appeared to be as popular as his father , former Rep. Ron Paul , was in 2010 . Rand Paul won 31 % of the votes this year  but history shows CPAC straw polls are n't always the best predictors of who will be nominated  . Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , who used his time before CPAC to imply that former Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole was unprincipled , got 11 % . Rubio , who came in second in 2013 , took a nosedive after recommending mild reform of immigration laws , and placed seventh with 6 % . Cruz clearly displayed a tin ear and a lack of basic humanity by attacking "  President Bob Dole " as a failed moderate nominee , now that Bob Dole , an American hero , is in his 90s and out of politics . Cruz is clearly running against the Washington Republican establishment . This strategy may serve him well until the point in the primaries when establishment figures like Karl Rove will unleash millions in negative commercials , the likes of which sank Newt Gingrich . Meanwhile , Texas Gov. Rick Perry gave a pulse-quickening speech that brought the crowd to its feet . Perry praised Republican governors and hit Washington , saying , "  It is time for Washington to focus on the few things the Constitution establishes as the federal government 's role . ... Defend our country , provide a cogent foreign policy , and what the heck , deliver the mail , preferably on time and on Saturdays . " Perry may have forgotten that the Post Office has been independent of Congress since 1971 and is run , by law , as a "  revenue neutral "  nonprofit  agency . He also apparently forgot the clauses "  insure domestic tranquility " and "  promote for the general welfare . " Perry also ignored the duties of Congress , which is just as well . The third branch of government is , by political strategy , so gridlocked that it has all but ceased to function . Perry 's emphasis on the role of governors underscores the political reality that mayors , governors and the President must engage in executive workarounds for this nonfunctioning Congress . The Republican Party has been struggling to attract minorities for decades . The party was trounced by the Democrats , who in 2012 got 93 % of the African-American vote , 73 % of the Asian vote and 71 % of the Hispanic vote . CPAC held a panel discussion on minority outreach ; a photo 10 minutes into the event embarrassingly showed row upon row upon row of empty chairs . The Republican Party did poorly in its outreach to female voters in 2012 , who voted 55 % for Obama and only 44 % for Republican Mitt Romney . In 2014 , at CPAC , attention to the ladies was also wanting . Los Angeles Times writer Robin Abcarian took a challenge from CPAC 's chairman , Al Cardenas , to count the number of male and female speakers at CPAC . It came out lopsidedly for the men -- by 78 % . By definition , conservatives struggle with change . CPAC was proof of the old saying that "  the more things change , the more they stay the same . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Conservatives trying to figure out where they stand as 2014 midterms approach Some see themselves as isolationists , while others call for intervention The party is still struggling to attract women and minorities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United Kingdom has MI-5 , which roots out spies and terrorists in the British Isles . The RAND Corporation said one option would be for domestic intelligence to operate under the FBI . Canada has CSIS -- the Canadian Security Intelligence Service . Now Congress is asking : Should the U.S. have its own domestic intelligence agency ? On Monday , at the request of Congress , the RAND Corporation outlined the pros and cons of establishing a domestic intelligence agency . It also discussed different ways to organize a new entity , either as part of an existing department or as a new agency . But there 's one thing you wo n't find in the report -- a recommendation on what to do . "  We were not asked to make a recommendation , and this assessment does not do so , " the report says . Instead , says RAND 's Gregory Treverton , the report provides a "  framework " for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home . RAND is a nonprofit think tank seeking to help improve policy and decision making through objective research and analysis . Collecting intelligence domestically always has been a sensitive issue , at least partially because of episodic abuses by the government , notably against civil rights leaders , unions , antiwar organizations or even communists and hate groups . But the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks renewed calls for increased domestic intelligence to prevent future attacks . Critics said that in the lead-up to the attacks , the FBI devalued counterterrorism agents and failed to heed signs that an attack was imminent . "  If you did n't carry a gun , you did n't count so much , " Treverton said . After the attacks , the FBI moved to transform its primary mission from law enforcement to counterterrorism intelligence and prevention . It now focuses on terrorism through its National Security Branch and the National Counterterrorism Center . The RAND report focuses on two options to the current system . In one , a new agency would be created using intelligence agencies from the FBI , Department of Homeland Security and intelligence community . A second option is to create an "  agency within an agency " in the FBI or DHS . The first option would result in an organization with a clear , unambiguous mission , and might be able to draw on a more diverse recruitment pool , such as linguists and historians who are not normally attracted to law enforcement . On the flip side , such massive reorganizations typically involve political compromises that could affect its performance . The second option -- an "  agency within an agency " -- could involve less short-term disruption , but could be hindered by a "  lack of clarity of a single mission , " the report says . RAND also suggests a range of actions short of reorganization that could improve domestic intelligence gathering , such as increasing resources , improving leadership and changing bureaucratic cultures . The report does not assess the FBI 's performance since 9/11 , Treverton said , but he believes Congress should seek an independent assessment . A panel of experts that RAND convened guessed that the probability of a terrorist attack had decreased about one-third since the September 11 , 2001 . But "  they were not enthusiastic about alternatives " to current counterterrorism organizations . In a cautionary note , the report says that while public acceptance of domestic intelligence activities is imperative , public attitudes about what is considered acceptable "  can both be fragile and shift significantly over time . " "  Public demand for domestic intelligence is driven by the perceived threat , and those perceptions can change much more rapidly than the threat itself , " the report says . For instance , immediately after the 9/11 attacks , 49 percent of people surveyed were worried "  a great deal " about more attacks . Two years later , that had dropped to 25 percent .	Nonprofit think tank RAND outlines pros and cons at request of Congress Group says government could create new agency specifically for domestic intel Other option includes agency operating under Homeland Security or FBI September 11 attacks renewed calls for domestic intel to help prevent future ones
CNN  -- Nigeria 's long wait for a major soccer title ended on Sunday as the "  Super Eagles " beat Burkina Faso 1-0 in the final of the Africa Cup of Nations . Sunday Mba scored his second goal of the two-week tournament -- both coincidentally coming on the day that bears his name -- as Nigeria became just the fourth team to win the continental crown three times or more . "  I 'm so happy it is a dream come true . I do n't know what to say , " Mba said after the final whistle . "  We really worked hard and we were looking forward to this day and I 'm so happy for this . " Stephen Keshi became only the second man to win the title as both coach and player , having been captain at the 1994 tournament when Nigeria won for the second time -- though he did not play in that final . Burkina Faso , playing in the final for the first time , missed out on the $ 1.5 million first prize and the chance to represent Africa at this year 's Confederations Cup in Brazil . Mba also scored in the quarterfinal win over tournament favorites Ivory Coast , being one of five home-based players brought into the squad by Keshi . Keshi made big changes after Nigeria failed to qualify for last year 's event in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon -- a turbulent period for the national team , which was suspended from international football by President Goodluck Jonathan before world ruling body FIFA threatened to intervene . However , the president was delighted with Sunday 's result . "  President Jonathan thanks coach Stephen Keshi and all members of the team who have worked very hard to make Nigeria the proud champions of Africa once again after 19 years of setbacks in the competition , " his office said in a statement . "  The President also believes that having conquered Africa , the new Super Eagles can go on to achieve even greater glory at the World Cup in Brazil next year . " Back in 1994 , Nigeria was ranked fifth in the world -- the highest by any African nation . The Super Eagles won gold at the 1996 Olympics , but have since slipped to 52nd in the rankings . Mba 's 40th-minute strike came after a moment of opportunistic skill as the 24-year-old flicked a loose ball into the penalty area and then poked a volley past the Stallions ' goalkeeper Daouda Diakite . "  It will go a long way towards my career , " said Mba , who made his first appearance at the tournament after winning a late call-up from Keshi . "  This is my first time and I 'm very happy . We gave all that we had . "	Sunday Mba scores the only goal of the Africa Cup of Nations final in South Africa He gives Nigeria victory over first-time finalists Burkina Faso in Soweto "  Super Eagles " become fourth team to win the title on three or more occasions Coach Stephen Keshi was also involved as a player in the team 's last win in 1994
CNN  Two days after Odin Lloyd was found dead , New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez looked into the eyes of team owner Robert Kraft and said he was innocent , Kraft testified Tuesday in Hernandez 's murder trial . Kraft , answering questions from a prosecutor and one of Hernandez 's attorneys on the witness stand in a Massachusetts courtroom , recalled a private conversation that he had with the star Patriots tight end on June 19 , at the Patriots ' Gillette Stadium , as news spread that Hernandez was being investigated in Lloyd 's death . "  He said he was not involved , " Kraft testified in the courtroom in Fall River . "  He said he was innocent . " Hernandez has been charged with murder and has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Lloyd , a semipro football player who was found dead in Massachusetts on June 17 , 2013 . Hernandez also has pleaded not guilty to a gun and ammunition charge . His co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Kraft testified that he asked to speak with Hernandez in an office near a weight room in the stadium , and asked the player to look him in the eye and tell him if he was involved in Lloyd 's death . According to Kraft , Hernandez told him during that meeting that he hoped the time of Lloyd 's death "  came out , " because Hernandez had been at a club that night . According to testimony from Hernandez 's fiance , Shayanna Jenkins , the player had not been at a club , but was at dinner with her and some friends before the shooting . Mel Robbins , a CNN legal analyst , called Kraft 's testimony "  explosive . " "  What a great , great witness for the prosecution , " she said . "  Basically what happened is Aaron Hernandez lied to his boss . And the only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand . " How did Hernandez know when the murder happened , Robbins asked , unless he was there ? The Patriots ' owner also testified , when asked by a defense attorney , that he 'd never had any problems with Hernandez , and that the player was always respectful to him . The billionaire magnate of The Kraft Group , a company with interests ranging from paper and packaging concerns to sports and entertainment , said Hernandez always greeted him with a hug and kiss . Asked by the defense why Hernandez was signed to a $ 40 million long-term contract , Kraft said simply : "  He 's a very good player . " At times during his 30 minutes or so on the witness stand , Kraft seemed uncomfortable . "  Do you work ? " Bristol County District Attorney William McCauley asked Kraft . "  I think so , yes . " Asked where he worked , Kraft responded , 1 Patriot Place , or Gillette Stadium , where the Super Bowl champions play their home games . "  What do you do for work ? " "  Whatever they ask me to do . " Outside court , surrounded by cameras , Kraft expressed sadness over Lloyd 's death . "  A man died , " he said . "  This is about a man being killed . It 's unfortunate . " Later , Mark Briggs , head of security at Gillette Stadium , testified that he also asked Hernandez whether the former star was telling the truth about Lloyd . "  He swore on the baby 's life that he was telling the truth , " Briggs said . Hernandez was arrested in connection with Lloyd 's death a week after that meeting with Kraft . The Patriots released Hernandez less than two hours after the arrest on June 26 , 2013 . Jenkins , 25 , and Hernandez are the parents of a young daughter . Jenkins ' sister Shaneah was dating Lloyd , 27 , who was shot six times , according to prosecutors . The trial began in late January .	Aaron Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Odin Lloyd Patriots ' owner testifies that Hernandez was always respectful with him
Anat Hoffman had no idea who comedian Sarah Silverman was until Silverman 's sister and niece were detained with her Sunday in Jerusalem for wearing prayer shawls as they prayed at the Western Wall . Police detained 10 women for "  performing a religious act contrary to the local customs . " The group of women , who call themselves the Women of the Wall , went to pray in Jewish shawls known as tallitot that Israeli law says only Jewish men can wear there . "  There are lots of forbidden acts at the Western Wall : Do not spit on the wall , do not pee on the wall , no slaughtering of animals at the wall , and among those one can not perform a religious act contrary to local customs at the wall , which pretty much only applies to women because there are no local customs men are forbidden from taking part in , " Hoffman said . She heads the Women of the Wall group and was a city councilwoman for 14 years . Women of the Wall says it wants equal access for all Jewish practices and denominations at the holiest site for prayer in Judaism . About 100 women , including Hoffman and Susan Silverman , who is a Reform rabbi , went to the wall property to pray for Adar , the 12th month of the Jewish year , and 10 of them went down to the Western Wall itself . They were detained as they were leaving the premises after they prayed . "  There is a designated place where they can wear the shawl on the property of the Western Wall but not at the wall itself , " Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . "  Ten of the 100 women with the group came and prayed at the Western Wall . They were detained and released after a couple of hours and given a warning they have to stay away from the wall for 15 days . We take our orders from a High Court decision . Until there is another decision or change , those are our clear orders . " In 2003 , Israel 's High Court said the women could pray and read from the Torah while wearing the shawls at a different location on the property near the wall , but it did allow them at the Western Wall itself , the organization 's attorney said . When Sarah Silverman heard what her sister and the other women were detained for , she was quick to respond with a tweet that said : "  So proud of my amazing sister and niece for their balls out civil disobedience . Ur the tits ! " Comedian Silverman 's representatives sent this response to the incident to CNN : "  I do n't care much for people who use religion as a cloak to justify hatred , injustice and fear . And I ca n't imagine God , should He or She or It exist , does either . I am so proud of my sister and niece for fighting for what they believe in -- by having the nerve to pray at a Wall of prayer while being female . " Women are allowed to pray at the Western Wall . The 10 women were detained Sunday for wearing the shawls . Women of the Wall members have gone to the wall wearing prayer shawls for 24 years . But the organizers said it was just in the past 22 months that police have detained or arrested them . For years , the women say , ushers who work at the wall , not police , were the ones who moved them away . Over the past 22 months , they said , one woman has been arrested and more than 40 detained . Hoffman said she was the one arrested . She said she was handcuffed at the hands and feet when she was taken to jail last year and spent 24 hours there . She refused to sign a police declaration that said she was guilty of breaking the law , and she did not agree to refrain from such actions again . "  It was 24 hours of hell , " she said . This time around , she and the other women were only held at the police station , not taken to jail . But this wo n't be the last time they try to do what they think they should be allowed to do at the Western Wall . Hoffman said that at first , she did n't know that a famous U.S. comedian 's sister was part of the group . "  I had no idea who Sarah Silverman was , but I do now . She is one funny woman . I had no idea they 'd let a woman talk like that in the U.S. " she said as she laughed .	10 women were detained for "  performing a religious act contrary to the local customs " The women were wearing shawls that only men are allowed to use at the wall Women of the Wall calls for equal wall access for all Jewish practices and denominations The group says that only in the past 22 months have police detained or arrested the women
CNN  -- The rats die hard in Iran . Sharpshooters in Tehran are training their air gun scopes on the country 's longstanding rodent problem . Rats are reportedly running rampant in 26 districts in the capital . Iran has the biggest beef with Norwegian rats , Mohammad Hadi Heydarzadeh , a top environmental official , told CNN . He said the critters have "  entered Iran from abroad by cargo ships . " Though it 's unclear if the rats come with paperwork , a search of ratbehavior.org shows that that particular kind of rat can grow 16 inches long . And they are very aggressive , "  fighting , chasing , biting and boxing . " While the Iranians have used poison to kill the rats during the daytime , at night the teams of sharpshooters use infrared lenses to hunt them down . "  We have identified the rats ' places of congregation by using  computer  software , " Heydarzadeh explained . By the end of 2013 , the Iranians hope to have 40 teams of shooters working , he added . So far , 2,205 rats have been killed . Their bodies are carted off and incinerated or buried in special dumps , the environmental official explained . University researchers are working with the government to assess whether their newest plan of attack is working . But Heydarzadeh feels good . "  The number of these rodents in Tehran , " he said , "  is on the decline . "	Big rats are reportedly running rampant in 26 districts in Tehran The government uses poison , and teams of sharpshooters are killing the rodents with air guns The biggest headache is Norwegian rats , which can grow to 16 inches
CNN  -- One day before the unofficial "  Star Wars " holiday in May , an R2-D2 replica wheeled through the front door of the Smiley family home in Bangor , Maine , to the delight of the three young "  Star Wars " fans in the house . "  May the fourth be with you ! " exclaimed 5-year-old Lindell Smiley , decked out in full Luke Skywalker gear . In a house filled with excited shouts , it was n't apparent that a very important person was missing from the packed dinner table . But R2-D2 had a special surprise . The robot projected a video of deployed Navy pilot Dustin Smiley , father to Ford , Owen , and Lindell . His sons were shocked into momentary silence as they watched . In the video , Dustin Smiley told his family that he loved them and implored his boys to congratulate their mother on her graduation from a master 's program at the University of Maine . Welcome to "  Dinner with the Smileys . " Sarah Smiley is a Navy wife , syndicated columnist and author . She has already made it through two of her husband 's deployments , first in 2001 and again in 2003 . His current 13-month stint overseas , which began in November , is his longest yet . She used to mark his absence by the number of times that she had to take out the trash . "  But that ends up not being a good way to count , because I take out the trash when he 's home , too , " she smiled . Her sons Ford , Owen , and Lindell are now ages 11 , 9 , and 5 , respectively , and she wanted to mark their dad 's absence with something special that would fill up their time while he was overseas . Dinner can be a lonely time when he is away , she said . Before Dustin Smiley left , the children told their mom that they would be sad to see their dad 's empty chair at the dinner table . She told them that they could fill his seat with family and friends . "  It just kind of grew from there , " she said . So , now the Smileys each take a turn inviting a special guest to dinner every week for 52 weeks until dad returns . Sen. Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , was the first official guest in January , and she talked to the deployed dad by video chat . It was 11-year-old son Ford 's idea to send the invitation to Collins . Now it 's off to the races : "  My kids got it in their head that they could invite anybody they wanted , if a senator came , " Sarah Smiley said . News of the Smileys ' project spread all the way to Washington through her column and her Facebook page . "  The White House contacted us and said that they loved this project and they 'd love to be a part of it , " she said . "  So my son sent a letter to the president and the vice president and invited them to dinner . " The standing rule is one special guest per dinner  the invited guest gets a "  plus one "  , but when it comes to the highest office in the land , the kids will make a few concessions . "  My son said in the letter , ` Usually we invite one guest and tell them they can bring a guest , but we 'll make an exception if you would like to bring your wives and your children , " Sarah Smiley said . Jill Biden even responded to the invitation with a thank you note . Sarah Smiley wo n't reveal the identities of future guests to the public , but she drops hints on their Facebook page . "  As much as I want to tell people who 's coming next , I know it 's been a fun thing for people in the community to guess so I have to keep my mouth shut , " she said . Sarah Smiley did indicate that they have some exciting guests who are "  involved with professional sports " lined up this summer . "  It 's just killing -LSB- Dustin -RSB- that he 's not here for those dinners , " she said . She plans to invite all of their guests back to a big celebration once he 's had a chance to settle back in after his return in December . Often , the family has lower-profile but just as meaningful guests over . When 5-year-old Lindell 's turn came to pick whom to invite , he selected his preschool teacher . His teacher initially hesitated , unsure about living up to the star power of other visitors , but Sarah Smiley insisted that she would make a wonderful guest . "  To my son , having his preschool teacher was pretty much like having Elvis or the president . He thought that was just amazing , " she said . They 've also met with neighbors , the town 's police chief , members of the University of Maine hockey team and a cancer survivor . All of the visits are photographed by Andrea Hand and chronicled on the "  Dinner with the Smileys " Facebook page . Sarah Smiley is always asked how she can possibly arrange a dinner party every week . "  I 'm not a cook ... I 'm serving people lasagna , spaghetti . There are a couple of times that we 've gone out to restaurants . So there 's nothing fancy at all and my house is never clean , " she said . "  It 's truly real life , exactly as we would be eating dinner if we did n't have someone there . " She said that people worry too much about presenting a perfect home and miss out on important opportunities to share memories with friends and family . "  I 've never apologized to our guests , " she said , but then backtracked . "  We had our minister to dinner . The kids truly had a knock-down , drag-out wrestling match on the living room floor . I did apologize that night . " The entire family feels her husband 's absence . "  I think it 's hardest on my oldest son because he 's right at the preteen years , " said Sarah Smiley . "  My middle son just got on the little league team . So there 's a lot of ways that for the older boys they really need their dad right now . " She said that the boys ' emotions about their dad come out in different , and subtle , ways : "  You look back in hindsight and you say , ` That was n't like him , and I wonder if it 's because his dad is gone . ' " Sarah and Dustin Smiley met when their fathers flew together in the same Navy squadron . She was born while her father was deployed , so she said that she actually met her husband , while they were babies , before she met her father . Despite all of the unique guests and experiences the Smileys have had , the guest that the family looks forward to most is the one they 'll have at their table on the 53rd week . That 's when Dustin Smiley comes home .	Sarah Smiley is a writer and mom whose Navy husband is deployed for 13 months Sarah suggested that her sons invite special guests to fill Dad 's place at the dinner table The Smileys have hosted a Maine senator , a police chief and a cancer survivor
London , England  CNN  -- British police said Wednesday they have arrested a BBC television presenter on suspicion of murder after he told viewers he carried out a so-called mercy killing on a former lover . Ray Gosling , 70 , a freelance broadcaster , admitted on a BBC show aired in central England that he had smothered the unnamed partner in hospital where he was being treated for AIDS . Assisting in another person 's death is illegal in England . Police in Nottinghamshire , 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of London , confirmed they had made an arrest after the apparent confession on the BBC 's "  Inside Out " show . Gosling made his admission in a taped segment of a 30-minute show about death , recounting how he smothered his partner to end his "  terrible , terrible pain . " He told viewers : "  Maybe this is the time to share a secret that I have kept for quite a long time . I killed someone once . "  He was a young chap , he 'd been my lover and he got AIDS . "  In a hospital one hot afternoon , the doctor said ` There 's nothing we can do , ' and he was in terrible , terrible pain . "  I picked up the pillow and smothered him until he was dead . The doctor came back and I said ` He 's gone ' . Nothing more was ever said . " Gosling , who has not revealed details of his former lover 's identity or the exact date of the incident , insisted he was not "  making a cause " of assisted dying . In a BBC Radio interview he said : "  Sometimes doctors do it on their own . Sometimes people do it on their own . "  And if it happens to a lover or friend of yours , a husband , a wife , and I hope it does n't , but when it does sometimes you have to do brave things and you have to say - to use Nottingham language - bugger the law . "	Ray Gosling admitted on a television show that he killed his former lover Gosling says he had wanted to end the pain of young man with AIDS Presenter says he is not trying to "  make a cause " of assisted dying
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Political tensions in Thailand exploded into a major outbreak of violence this week as police opened fire on anti-government protesters near Bangkok . Thailand 's capital has been at standstill during the past few weeks as the protesters seek to unseat a leadership -- led by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva -- they say is illegitimate and undemocratic . The demonstrators support Thaksin Shinawatra , who was prime minister from 2001 to 2006 , before he was ousted in a bloodless coup . After his removal , he continued to play a role in Thai politics -- even from outside of the Southeast Asian nation . What is the background to the current protests ? Abhisit declared a state of emergency on April 7 , hours after anti-government demonstrators  known as "  red shirts " for the clothes they wear  stormed the country 's parliament . Three days later , the deadliest clash in more than a decade between protesters  in this case the red shirts  and the military erupted , leading to the deaths of more than two dozen demonstrators and military forces . Media and analysts in Thailand say civil war may be looming , with another group called the "  multi-colored shirts " emerging . They are displeased with the disruption caused by the red shirt protests . They are generally middle-class city dwellers . They are not pro- or anti-government , they simply want the government to shut down the reds to end the violence and interruptions to daily life . The red and multi-colored shirts have clashed in Silom Road , Bangkok 's business and financial district . Meanwhile , Thailand 's independent election commission has recommended the dissolution of Abhisit 's Democrat Party after accusing the party of accepting an $ 8 million campaign donation from a private company and mishandling funds allocated to it by the commission . The ruling still must be reviewed by the country 's attorney general 's office and its Constitution Court . A democrat party spokesman maintains the party has fully complied with all laws concerning the uses of funds during the election campaign and the party says it will fight the recommendation . Have n't these protests been going on for a long time ? Yes , Thailand has been embroiled in political chaos for years and many here are growing weary with the instability . Ever since Thaksin came to power , there have been protesters opposing his allegedly corrupt and autocratic rule . Those protesters donned yellow shirts  the color of the king  and occupied the two main airports in Bangkok , until finally the pro-Thaksin government was brought down by a court ruling . In revenge Thaksin 's supporters copied the yellow shirt tactics and took to the streets in red shirts . Why do the sides divide on colors ? It 's an easy way for them to create an identity . It all started with the yellow shirts wearing a color associated with Monday , the day of the week that Thailand 's revered king was born on . That was designed to show their allegiance to the king , and more broadly the traditional elite which has dominated Thai politics for years . Thaksin 's supporters then picked a color to distinguish themselves from the yellow-shirts . Why are they arguing ? Essentially this is a classic power struggle . It 's easy to portray this as simply rich against poor , but it is much more complicated than that , as illustrated by the fact that the reds ' leader is in fact a multi-billionaire . Thaksin rode to power by enacting populist policies which gained huge support from the rural poor . His radical approach ruffled a lot of feathers among the elite , who felt he was in danger of becoming too big for his boots , and could erode their position . The "  civil society " also become concerned over allegations of corruption and his brutal war on drugs , which saw summary executions . He was also criticized for his heavy handed response to violence in the Muslim-dominated south . Finally the army decided to oust him in a coup , which had the backing of the aristocratic elite and much of the middle class , who were becoming uneasy with the cult of personality growing around Thaksin . That set the stage for an embittered power struggle , between Thaksin loyalists and those loyal to the army , aristocracy and their traditional Democrat Party . What are the wider implications of the protests ? If the divisions in Thailand ca n't be healed it could lead to a deteriorating security situation which would have wider implications for the region . Thailand 's relations with Cambodia are especially frosty since Thaksin was appointed economic adviser to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen. The worst case scenario would see Cambodia drawn into the dispute , with Thaksin using the country as a political base , adding to the already considerable tensions on the border . So who is Thaksin ? Visionary leader or venal despot : Opinions vary , like the color of the shirts his supporters and detractors wear . If you sport red , you think Thaksin was the only prime minister to offer the rural poor a voice and real benefits ; if you wear yellow , you view him as akin to Ferdinand Marcos : greedy , self-serving and dangerous . What is not in dispute is that he won two elections , was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full-term in office and is still hugely popular . But critics say he bought his support and was only in politics to help himself . What is he accused of ? In 2008 he was found guilty and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison for a land deal that enabled his wife to buy a valuable city plot for a fraction of its true value . The case currently being considered by the Supreme Court relates to the transfer of shares in his communications company Shin Corporation . The prosecution alleges he illegally transferred the shares to his family , who then sold them to the Singapore government 's Temasek without paying tax . The court will also rule on whether Thaksin 's government implemented policies that benefited his businesses , including a low interest loan from the Thai government to the Myanmar government to buy equipment from Shin Corp , a change in tax laws that benefited Shin Corp and changes to satellite laws that helped Shin Corp. . What does Thaksin 's defense team say ? The defense team argues that neither Thaksin nor his wife owned the Shin Corp shares while he was prime minister , selling them to their son before he took office . It was their son who decided to sell Shin Corp to the Singaporeans . The defense also claims that the Assets Scrutiny Committee -- which has led the investigation in this case -- was politically motivated , having been appointed after the coup that ousted Thaksin , and therefore was biased against him . How much money is at stake ? 76.6 billion baht  about $ 2.3 billion  . That is the total value of his and his family 's assets that are currently frozen in Thailand . But there is speculation that he has a great deal more money elsewhere . Why bother going after Thaksin when so many other Thai leaders have been perceived to be corrupt ? Well , Thailand certainly has had a checkered history . But current Premier Abhisit Vejjajiva is widely believed to be honest and free from any taint of corruption . He wants to give the country a fresh start by showing no one is above the rule of law and that means ensuring Thaksin is n't allowed to get away with his alleged corruption , even though he is in exile . However , many analysts say this case is not just about corruption , but more about Thaksin 's challenge to the Thai political elite that has ruled for decades . The theory goes that Thaksin was dangerously popular and refused to submit to powerful factions in the army , privy council and aristocracy -- hence the 2006 coup and the lengthy efforts to shut him down . CNN Producer Kocha Olarn contributed to this report from Bangkok	Thaksin supporters say that he gave the rural poor a voice and real benefits Detractors say that as prime minister he was greedy , self-serving and dangerous Current premier Abhisit Vejjajiva keen to show no one is above the rule of law Current court case relates to shares transfer in Thaksin communications company
CNN  -- Top Republican lawmakers Sunday called on President Obama to change his political strategy , arguing that the passage of a massive stimulus bill on a party-line vote showed he has failed to deliver the "  change " he promised . Sen. John McCain says the Obama administration is off to a "  bad beginning . " "  If this is going to be bipartisanship , the country 's screwed , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  I know bipartisanship when I see it . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said Obama was off to "  a bad beginning , " out of step with the vow of bipartisanship both men made after Obama beat out the Republican presidential nominee for the White House in November . "  It was a bad beginning because it was n't what we promised the American people , what President Obama promised the American people , that we would sit down together , " McCain told CNN 's "  State of the Union With John King . " The $ 787 billion bill made it through Congress with the support of three Republicans -- Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania . Obama is expected to sign the bill Tuesday in Denver , Colorado . Watch Democratic and GOP analysts debate bipartisanship " "  This is not ` change we can believe in , ' " Graham , a member of the Senate Banking Committee , told ABC . He said Democrats "  rammed it through the House " after starting out "  with the idea , ` We won -- we write the bill . ' " But Obama 's spokesman insisted the stimulus is a bipartisan success . Speaking to CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said , "  We 're happy that Congress , in a bipartisan way , took steps to make whatever happens in this recession easier to take for the American people . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus plan And on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " Gibbs said , "  I think what you saw from this president was an unprecedented effort to reach out to Republicans . Not just in meetings at the White House , but you had the president drive up to Capitol Hill to meet with Republicans where they work . " McCain fired back . "  Look , I appreciate the fact that the president came over and talked to Republicans , " he said . "  That 's not how you negotiate a result . You sit down together in a room with competing proposals . Almost all of our proposals went down on a party-line vote . " When the next major piece of legislation aimed at helping the economy recover reaches Congress , McCain said that he hopes "  we will sit down together and conduct truly bipartisan negotiations . This was not a bipartisan bill . " iReport.com : McCain 's actions "  totally reprehensible " McCain added , "  Republicans were guilty of this kind of behavior . I 'm not saying that we did things different . But Americans want us to do things differently , and they want us to work together . " Gibbs described things differently . "  This president has always worked in a bipartisan fashion , " he told King . "  He will continue to reach out to Republicans . John , we hope that Republicans will decide they want to reach back . "	Sens. John McCain , Lindsey Graham say stimulus bill was n't bipartisan Spokesman : President made "  unprecedented effort to reach out to Republicans " Congress passes $ 787 billion stimulus bill with support of three Republicans President Obama expected to sign bill on Tuesday
CNN  -- Former Philadelphia Eagles broadcaster Donald Tollefson was arrested Tuesday on charges alleging that he embezzled more than $ 100,000 in charity donations , according to the Bucks County district attorney 's office . Tollefson fraudulently raised money for charities , such as the Special Olympics of Pennsylvania , the Salvation Army and the Brad Fox Foundation , and pocketed that money over the last three years , according to an investigation led by the Warminster Township Police Department . Investigators believe the ex-sportscaster stole more than $ 100,000 and scammed more than 100 individuals . Investigators are concerned there may be more individuals involved , according to a news release from the district attorney 's office . Tollefson , 61 , was arraigned Tuesday afternoon in Bucks County District Court on charges of unlawful activity , theft by unlawful taking , theft by deception and violations of the Pennsylvania charitable organizations statute . Tollefson is being held in the county jail after failing to post bail set at $ 250,000 , according to the news release . The police investigation alleges that on October 8 , Tollefson sold Eagles game-day trip packages for $ 500 at a 5K memorial run for Brad Fox , a Plymouth Township police officer killed in line of duty . Tollefson told attendees that half of the money would go to the Brad Fox Foundation and the other half would go to his own charity . According to one witness , a total of 18 packages were sold at a tavern after the run . But Thomas Fox , Brad 's father , said his son 's charity has not received any money from Tollefson to date , according to the release . Tollefson , a Glenside resident , is best known for his coverage of the Philadelphia Eagles and for hosting sports shows such as "  Eagles Game Day Live " and "  Eagles Game Plan . " In 1999 , the Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia named him Person of the Year and inducted him into their Hall of Fame , according to the sportscaster 's biography on the Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia website . According to the district attorney 's office , Tollefson is due back in court for a preliminary hearing at 9 a.m. on February 27 . America 's worst charities	Former sportscaster Donald Tollefson fraudulently raised charity money , authorities say Tollefson , 61 , scammed more than 100 individuals , took more than $ 100,000 , police say He sold Eagles game-day packages , did not turn in money , one charity says
CNN  -- The image of the empty factory has haunted American presidential campaigns for decades , but President Barack Obama tried to flip the picture Thursday night . "  I 've signed trade agreements that are helping our companies sell more goods to millions of new customers , goods that are stamped with three proud words : Made in America , " Obama said as he accepted the Democratic nomination for a second term . "  After a decade of decline , this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years . " That may sound surprising in an era where unemployment remains stuck above 8 % long after the official end of the 2007-2009 recession , so CNN took a closer look . The facts : American manufacturing jobs peaked in the late 1970s , according to figures from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . The figures bounced up and down through the 1980s and 1990s before starting to drop steadily in 1998 . The sector employed 15.6 million in January 2002 , according to BLS statistics , down from about 19.5 million in 1979 . They declined steadily through the next 10 years , falling to just under 11.5 million in January 2010 . But then the numbers turned around , rising to 11.9 million at the beginning of 2012 and just under 12 million as of July . But while the turn has been positive , the numbers of workers being hired each month are well below the figures posted a decade ago . New hires averaged about 400,000 a month in 2001 , compared with about 250,000 in 2011 . And as with other statistics cited during the three-day Democratic convention , it 's not quite the whole picture . Manufacturing sector employment is still down by about 500,000 since Obama took office and by more than 3.7 million since the start of the recession in December 2007 . Conclusion : Obama 's statement is technically accurate , and he and other speakers took great pains to acknowledge the still-struggling recovery . But while the return to growth in manufacturing is indeed a promising turn of events , employment in the sector is still at a net loss during Obama 's tenure . Fact Check : The $ 2,000 question Fact Check : About those 4.5 million jobs ... Fact Check : Trimming the Pentagon CNN 's Matt Smith and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Manufacturing jobs reversed a long slide in 2010 Obama touted that turnaround in his Democratic convention speech But employment in the sector remains far below its prerecession peak
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and 30 injured in an explosion near the governor 's compound in the city of Lashkar Gah in southern Afghanistan Thursday , authorities said . A suicide bomber driving a car apparently targeted a foreign armored convoy outside the town 's education department , said Daoud Ahmadi , a spokesman for the governor , who added that three women were among the injured . A spokeswoman for the British Foreign Office said three British nationals who were near the governor 's compound were injured when the blast went off . Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who 's currently in Europe , condemned the attack , a presidential spokesman said .	Three British nationals were wounded in the attack , an official says A suicide bomber in a car caused the blast , a governor 's spokesman says President Karzai condemns the attack
CNN  -- Conventional webmaster wisdom holds that changing the name of a website leads to a drop in its popularity . "  You are going to lose traffic , " a SearchEngineLand blogger warned would-be name changers in 2009 . "  That is a fact . Even if you only perform a domain change and preserve the exact same site structure and content , you will lose some traffic . " If that 's true , it spells bad news for MSNBC.com , which on Monday changed its name and URL to NBCNews.com following a split from Microsoft , the technology giant that had partnered with the U.S. news network to produce the website . But maybe that assumption is outdated ? NBC , for its part , said it does n't expect the move to affect traffic . All existing URLs , including those linked on social media sites , will still work or will redirect to the new NBCNews.com URL , Vivian Schiller , NBC News chief digital officer , said in a conference call with reporters Monday .  The MSNBC cable channel will launch a new website in 2013 as an extension of its on-air brand , NBC News said . If you take a look at a few of the sites that have changed their names -- it 's really rare for a site to do so , by the way -- you see that many of them not only survive a name change but are able to thrive after it . Or maybe because of it . Here 's a look at a few that have come out better on the other end of a URL switch : Facebook : If you 're under 30 , or if you saw "  The Social Network , " you probably know that Facebook used to be called thefacebook.com . The company officially dropped the "  the " in August 2005 . That 's universally regarded as a good move , but it 's worth pointing out that the switch occurred before Facebook was a household name . IMDB : The Internet Movie Database , now super popular and owned by Amazon , started in 1990 as a USENET group with the domain rec.arts.movies . The site then was hosted by Cardiff University before it migrated to IMDB.com , according to a feature in Total Film . PerezHilton : The pop culture and gay news blog started out as PageSixSixSix.com , a reference to the New York Post 's gossip column . Now pretty much no one  except a friend from HLN 's website , who sent this reference  remembers the previous blog . Overstock.com : The Internet retailer changed its name to O.co in 2011 , but switched it back , as CNET reports , because of brand confusion . Consider this the warning for NBCNews.com , although NBC is already a recognizable brand in the United States . O.co , by the way , still redirects to Overstock 's site . PayPal : Elon Musk founded a site called X.com in 1999 . The next year , it would merge with Confinity to become PayPal , the well-known online payment system . According to PayPal 's official blog , the "  X " was a reference to that "  universally recognized programming variable " -- a reference to innovation and creation . This may be the only example of a site 's URL actually getting less cool because of a change . Twitter : The micro-blogging site launched in 2006 as Twttr because a "  bird enthusiast " already owned the URL for Twitter.com , according to CNNMoney . Six months later , the company had enough money to buy some vowels . Ask.com : Remember that fashionable digital butler from the '90s ? Ask.com began in 1996 as AskJeeves.com but fired Jeeves in 2005 to become Ask.com . Can you think of any others ? Do you have thoughts on the MSNBC.com name change ? If so , please let us know in the comments section .	MSNBC.com changes its name to NBCNews.com URL changes are incredibly rare on the Internet Still , there are examples of successful companies changing their Web addresses Facebook , of course , used to be thefacebook.com
Editor 's note : World-renowned chef , author and Emmy winning television personality Anthony Bourdain visits Libya in the next episode of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , " airing Sunday , May 19 , at 9 p.m. ET . Follow the show on Twitter and Facebook .	8 things to know before visiting Libya Check out breakfast in Libya
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If anything were to go seriously wrong at Tuesday 's inauguration of Barack Obama , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff is the man who would manage the crisis response . He is trying to make sure everything goes right . Barack Obama 's visit to Baltimore , Maryland , on Saturday offered a taste of Tuesday 's tight security . "  I do n't anticipate anything disruptive . Part of my job is to hope for the best and plan for the worst , " Chertoff said during a final tour of key sites across Washington . CNN exclusively accompanied Chertoff on the tour . Chertoff said authorities are not aware of any credible threat to the inauguration . "  We are constantly scrubbing and rescrubbing intelligence to see if there is a threat that we should be concerned about . And that is going to continue , frankly , through the inauguration itself , " he said . "  We are literally going to be watching this every minute between now and the conclusion of events on the 20th . " It is difficult to detect individuals or small groups intent on causing trouble , and Chertoff is most worried about them . "  I am still focused on the kind of event we had at Virginia Tech : one disturbed person kills a bunch of people . So whether the motivation is racism or some psychological disorder ... in an open society , it is impossible to keep a single individual from doing some damage , " he said . Chertoff 's first stop was the multi-agency command center from which he will monitor inaugural events . This is the security nerve center for the inauguration , with representatives of federal , state and local agencies that will help secure the swearing-in , the parade , the balls and other special events . "  Everyone has a common picture of what is going on , " Chertoff said . "  If something arises , we know who has the ball . We know who plays a supporting role . If an issue that is not anticipated comes up , we are in the room ; we can figure out what do ; we can make a decision . " Chertoff also took a swing by the U.S. Capitol , where Obama will be sworn in . The west side of the Capitol gives a panoramic view of the National Mall , where crowds will assemble to watch Tuesday 's events . Chertoff said it was useful to see the setting firsthand . "  You get a sense of the physical layout . You may get an idea of where the potential congestion areas or challenges are in terms of managing that large crowd , " he said . The presidential reviewing stand was still under construction in front of the White House . This is where Obama will view the parade in his honor . In the biting cold , Chertoff got a quick tour and received a briefing from the United States Secret Service . Turning up his , Chertoff expressed concern that the public will not plan and prepare for the weather , which is forecast to remain frigid . "  The worst thing in the world would be for someone to come dressed like he is going to go to Bermuda , with no food or water or place to stay . " Critics have accused inauguration organizers of engaging in security overkill , but Chertoff said he has tried to strike a balance . "  You do n't want to make this like an armed camp , because it spoils the event itself . At the same time , you want to have enough capacity so you can deal with any foreseeable issue , " he said . Unlike other Bush administration officials , Chertoff will not leave his job when Obama is sworn in . He will stay on until the morning of January 21 , to ensure continuity through this major security event and to allow his designated successor , Janet Napolitano , to enjoy the festivities . Chertoff believes that this is the largest and most complex security event in history . An estimated 8,000 police officers will be on duty , along with almost a thousand FBI personnel , Transportation Security Administration screeners and others , including 10,000 National Guard troops . Chertoff said that another 20,000 members of the National Guard are being held in reserve . "  I think we are ready , " Chertoff said .	Homeland Security chief takes a final tour of inauguration hot spots Authorities have heard no credible threats , he says Chertoff says officials will be watching "  every minute " through the day He says he 's tried to avoid security overkill
CNN  -- A drone strike took place early Friday in Pakistan 's northwestern tribal region of North Waziristan near the border with Afghanistan , a Pakistani military official said . Authorities are trying to determine the number of casualties , said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , a spokesman for the Pakistani Army . "  Right now , the area has been cordoned off , " he said . North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region along the Afghan border and widely believed to be a haven for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that are fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . The attack Friday targeted an area of Miranshah , the main town in North Waziristan . The United States rarely acknowledges its drone program publicly , although President Barack Obama commented on such strikes in January and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta acknowledged the use of CIA predator drones in the region last year . Pakistani lawmakers are currently debating a parliamentary committee 's report that recommends that the United States stop drone strikes inside its territory and apologize unconditionally for airstrikes last year that killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers near the Afghan border . There has been a sharp drop in the number of suspected U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan since those fatal airstrikes .	A drone attack occurs in North Waziristan , a military official says The Pakistani authorities are still trying to determine the number of casualties North Waziristan is widely believed to be a haven for insurgent groups A parliamentary report has called for an end to U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan
CNN  -- Virginia Tech plans to consider all its options after it reviews a jury verdict that found it was negligent in a 2007 shooting rampage that left 33 people dead , including the gunman , a university spokesman said . The move follows Wednesday 's verdict by a seven-member jury in Christiansburg , Virginia , that awarded $ 4 million each to two victims ' families who sued the state for wrongful death in the shooting massacre . "  We are disappointed with today 's decision and stand by our long-held position that the administration and law enforcement at Virginia Tech did their absolute best with the information available on April 16 , 2007 , " Mark Owczarski , a university spokesman , said in a statement . "  We will discuss this matter with the attorney general , carefully review the case and explore all of the options available . " The jury found Virginia Tech failed to notify students early enough following the discovery of two shooting victims at West Ambler Johnston dormitory . The two students were the first victims of Seung-Hui Cho , who went on to kill 30 more people at Norris Hall -- home to the Engineering Science and Mechanics Department -- after chaining the doors closed . He also wounded 17 people before killing himself . The families of Erin Peterson and Julia Pryde , who were killed in Norris Hall , argued that had officials notified students , faculty and staff earlier of the shooting at the dormitory , lives might have been spared . Peterson died while in her French class ; Pryde was shot while attending an advanced hydrology class . The Peterson and Pryde families did not accept a portion of an $ 11 million settlement between the state and the families of victims , opting instead to sue for wrongful death . "  It certainly was the end of a long process for us where we just said we wanted to get a little bit more truth . A little bit of accountability and we were n't just going to go away , and so we came here and this is what happened , " Harry Pryde , Julia 's father , told CNN affiliate WDBJ of Roanoke , Virginia . While the jury awards the families $ 4 million each , an attorney for the state has asked the judge to reduce the verdict to $ 100,000 per claim . State law limits awards to $ 100,000 , though the judge approved a request by an attorney for the family to file a motion on the matter . The university does not believe the evidence presented during the trial showed there was an increased danger on campus , Owczarski , the university spokesman , said . Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger , in a letter to the school 's faculty , staff and students , said the killings "  were an unprecedented act of violence that no one could have foreseen . " The evidence presented during the trial "  established that it was the unanimous decision of three law enforcement agencies that the mass shooting was simply not foreseeable . Only with hindsight can one conclude that Cho 's unprecedented acts were foreseeable , " Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II , a spokesman for the state attorney general , said in a statement following the verdict . Authorities initially believed the shooting at the dormitory was a case of domestic violence , a jealous boyfriend who shot the couple . While police were questioning a possible suspect , Cho opened fire at Norris Hall . The Department of Education found , in a 2010 report , that Virginia Tech did not notify students in a "  timely manner " -- as dictated by what is known as the Clery Act -- after the shooting at the dormitory . The government also fined Virginia Tech for failing to follow internal school policies . According to the Department of Education report , police went to the dormitory at 7:24 a.m. after being notified about the shooting of two students . The university notified students , faculty and staff of the shooting in an e-mail at 9:26 a.m. , the report said . It was about 15 minutes after the e-mail was sent that Cho began his rampage , it said . Since the massacre , the school has beefed up its communications , using methods that include e-mail notices ; telephone , cellular phone and text messages ; classroom electronic message signs ; posters ; university website notices ; campus loudspeakers and desktop alerts . In addition , the safety phones in the campus and local community are connected to the campus 911 emergency operator and residential buildings are accessible only through a key card . Door alarms sound , alerting police , if an exterior door is propped open in a residence hall . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	A jury has found Virginia Tech was negligent in the April 2007 shooting rampage Seung-Hui Cho fatally shot 32 people before killing himself The families of two victims sued for wrongful death The jury awarded the two families $ 4 million each
CNN  -- After more than three decades , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is not ready to give up power . Referred to by locals as "  old man , " the 89-year-old leader trudges on , holding on to his presidency by suppressing the media and intimidating his opponents , rights groups say . But his supporters have dismissed the claims , saying the bespectacled leader wins hearts based on his popularity and policies . Zimbabwe election praised by African Union , sidesteps rigging claims Last week , Zimbabwe 's election commission handed him another five years in power when it said he won 61 % of the votes in the country 's presidential elections . His rival , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , cried foul and threatened to mount a legal challenge . The United States , the United Kingdom and Australia all questioned the results . Mugabe has never been shy about his grip on power . "  This is my territory , and that which is mine I cling  to  unto death , " he once said . War hero Once hailed as a liberation hero , Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers in Zimbabwe , then known as Rhodesia . The white regime threw him into prison for 10 years . After his release in 1974 , he launched a fight for freedom from Mozambique . He coordinated a guerrilla war against then-Prime Minister Ian Smith 's white minority rule in Rhodesia and returned home a hero in 1979 . "  He was very clear of what they were looking for , which was really one person , one vote , democracy for his country , " said Moeletsi Mbeki , brother of former South African President Thabo Mbeki . "  He was leading this party which had an army , which was credible , which was doing a good job against the white settlers in then-Rhodesia . " He went on to lead the newly independent Zimbabwe -- first as prime minister in 1980 , then as president seven years later . Different paths Mugabe and South Africa 's anti-apartheid icon , Nelson Mandela , both battled to free their nations from white minority rule . But Mandela , who became president in 1994 after he was freed from prison , kept a promise to retire after only one term . Though both were hailed as liberation heroes , Mandela is considered an iconic statesman . Mugabe , on the other hard , is vilified by some world leaders . "  In western lore he has been a terrorist , a Marxist ideologue , now a bloodthirsty tyrant , stereotypes that he alone on the continent has been able to mock and laugh off , " Roy Agyemang said in an opinion piece in Britain 's The Guardian newspaper . Agyemang , who produced the movie "  Mugabe : Villain or Hero ? " said the leader is unfazed by the characterizations . " ` If standing for my people 's aspirations makes me a Hitler , ' Mugabe once said , ` let me be a Hitler a thousand times . ' " Good ol' days Zimbabwe 's economy was strong in the early years of Mugabe 's rule . The country was known as the breadbasket of southern Africa because of its strong agricultural sector . But that changed in the 1990s , when the economy began a downward spiral and Mugabe 's government faced charges of elitism , cronyism and corruption . His liberation credentials brought him high regard during the early part of his leadership , with many seeing him as a unifying figure committed to the needs of the average person . Goodwill runs out But the goodwill from his liberation struggle slowly ran out . In 2000 , he drew criticism for his land reform program that evicted white farmers and gave the land to poor black Zimbabweans , many veterans of the struggle for independence . Most were not as familiar with commercial farming . "  Zimbabwe belongs to the Zimbabweans , pure and simple , " he said in a 2009 interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . White Zimbabweans -- even those born in the country with legal ownership of their land -- have a debt to pay , he said . Soon after , agricultural output decreased sharply . ` One of Africa 's bad boys ' Despite his pariah status in the West , analysts say Mugabe 's anti-Western tirades have propelled his popularity at home . To some , he commands respect for challenging the status quo and retaining his image as a critic of former colonial powers , said Ayo Johnson , director of Viewpoint Africa , which sells Africa content to media outlets . "  Mugabe ... is one of Africa 's bad boys and wears his medal with pride , " Johnson said in a past interview . "  He who stands up and shouts the most is usually revered . " Few African leaders have as willfully and spitefully taunted the West , a major source of donor aid , as Mugabe has . His anti-West tirades especially target Britain and the United States , which he accuses of colonialism . "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please , " he told the United States last week in response to criticism of his push for elections without key reforms . Agyemang says Mugabe 's bold economic policies are moving the nation forward . "  Mugabe is more than just a politician , he leads a cause , or as his militant supporters would say , he has become the cause itself , " Agyemang said in The Guardian piece . "  And the cause has something to do with giving back the African his dignity well beyond symbols of nominal independence . " No longer a breadbasket In recent years , political rivals have accused him of turning a nation once known as the breadbasket of southern Africa into one racked by hunger and once sky-high inflation . But Mugabe has clung to power at all costs . In 2008 , his party lost to his closest rival , Tsvangirai , who did not get enough votes to avoid a runoff . Opposition party supporters were beaten , tortured and killed , rights groups said , and Tsvangirai withdrew from the runoff in protest . The post-election violence left about 200 people dead and thousands injured . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured the two to form a power-sharing agreement , which led to a tense coalition in 2009 . Mugabe 's main opponent became his prime minister , and the squabbles continued . Former teacher Born in February 1924 in then-Rhodesia to a carpenter father , Mugabe spent his early career as a teacher . His first wife died in 1992 , and he married his current wife , Grace , four years later . They have two sons and one daughter . Mugabe has university degrees in education , economics , administration and law from the University of London . In 2002 , the European Union imposed sanctions on Mugabe and his allies , including travel bans , accusing Zimbabwe of human rights violations . in 2008 , the United Kingdom stripped Mugabe of an honorary knighthood awarded by Queen Elizabeth II . Later that year , the nation plunged into post-election violence . The European Union eased the sanctions after a successful referendum on a new constitution in March of this year but called for credible elections . Inflation As he has continued to lash out at the West , donors have distanced themselves , sending Zimbabwe on a downward economic spiral . By 2008 , the nation 's inflation had soared to 200 million percent . Food shelves were empty , and a loaf of bread cost about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars . International isolation continued to hit the economy as corruption remained rife . Despite widespread poverty , the nation has made major strides in its economy in recent years , experts say . There is food on the shelves , schools and hospitals are open and farming is showing signs of recovery . Since 2010 , the nation 's gross domestic product "  has grown by an average of over 7 % and inflation has remained in the low single digits , " the International Monetary Fund said last month . "  Government revenues have more than doubled from 16 % of GDP in 2009 to an estimated 36 % of GDP in 2012 , allowing the restoration of basic public services . " Medical trips Illness has come with Mugabe 's advancing age . He has reportedly made regular trips to Singapore for medical treatment amid growing concerns about his health . In 2011 , public documents showed he amassed a staggering $ 29 million in travel expenses . WikiLeaks released cables detailing party members ' reports that he is suffering from cancer , which he has denied . Despite the reports , a Freedom House survey last year showed that Mugabe 's party was regaining its popularity . Q&A : Why Zimbabwe elections matter CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	He was once called a liberation hero , but rights groups now accuse him of abuses Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers He was Zimbabwe 's prime minister in 1980 , then its president seven years later Survey last year showed his party regaining popularity
CNN  -- Richard Thompson has had three boxed sets devoted to his music . He 's been the subject of a tribute album . He 's constantly ranked among rock 'n' roll 's greatest guitarists and finest songwriters by both the music press and fellow musicians . Richard Thompson says the focus of his career is his live work . Top 40 hits are "  kind of meaningless , " he said . For all that , the man 's highest-charting U.S. album  1996 's "  You ? Me ? Us ? "  peaked at No. 97 on Billboard 's Top 200 chart , and the number of Top 40 singles he 's had stands at exactly zero . What does a legend have to do to get noticed by the mainstream ? Thompson , 60 , brushes aside such hopes of breakout success . His focus is on live performance , he says in a phone interview . "  I think the focus of what I do is really live work , " he said . "  And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out . And I continue to grow as a live performer . " Still , for those who want a Thompson primer before seeing him live -- he 'll be touring with Loudon Wainwright in the fall -- there 's that third boxed set , "  Walking on a Wire : 1968-2009 "  Shout ! Factory  , which came out recently . The four-disc set compiles some of his best work with his old band Fairport Convention , his ex-wife Linda , and as a solo artist . The amiable Thompson took some time to talk about putting together the new box , remaining outside the fray and what he thinks of "  Rock Band . " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Were you surprised another boxed set was in the offing ? Richard Thompson : This is more of an overview and perhaps a first-time buyers ' introduction kind of thing . It 's a greatest hits . If there were any hits .  chuckles CNN : Does that bother you ? You 've never had , especially in the States , that kind of mainstream , Top 40 success . Thompson : You know , I think that 's kind of meaningless . Certainly in the area in which I exist , I do n't think you need hits , necessarily -- though having said that , it would have been useful . I think the focus of what I do is really live work . And I think if you persist in that , then slowly but surely , through word of mouth , the word gets out . And I continue to grow as a live performer . More and more people come to shows , which is gratifying . I think the albums serve as a signpost , a reference point , but it 's not really the focus . CNN : You 've played professionally for more than 40 years . What were your goals when you started with Fairport ? Thompson : Probably to survive . ... We turned pro when I was 18 . At that age , you do n't really think beyond about three months . So we were delighted and thrilled to be kind of earning a living from what we were doing . I think in the back of our minds , we thought , we 'll do this for a year or two years , and then it 's back to school , back to college and get a real job . And then it lasted for five years , -LSB- though -RSB- I still thought I 'd be going back to school at some point . And then 10 years , 15 -- I 'm still looking over my shoulder occasionally in disbelief that I managed to get away with it this long . It actually turned into a career . CNN : There are these themes -- tightropes , carnivals , the "  Wall of Death " -- that run through your songs . Do you feel like you 're on a tightrope ? Thompson : I think if you 're going to be an artist , you 're really supposed to be on the edge of society . Your positions should , by definition , be precarious . It 's only when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view , that you have the perspective to see what society is . So I suppose I 'm kind of referring to that sort of thing . CNN : It 's a cliched question , but who or what influenced your music ? Thompson : I grew up listening to Scottish music , traditional music , my father 's jazz records and my sister 's rock 'n' roll records . And in my father 's record collection , there were things like French records he brought back from World War II . ... And I listened to other instruments , to do things that people like piano players could do very easily that are quite hard to do on the guitar . So I 've always tried to do some of those syncopated things that pianists do on the guitar . Sometimes you need to take things outside of your field , to push the vocabulary of your instrument . ... The more you know about musical history , the richer your possibilities are . And I think the more you look outside your own field of music , the more you 're going to discover . CNN : A few years ago , Playboy asked a number of people to put together a list of the "  best songs of the past 1,000 years , " and you took them seriously , going back to the 11th century . Were you surprised when they rejected the list ? Thompson : I think they thought I was taking the piss , as we say in England . That I was irreverent . And perhaps I was . CNN : When anthologies of your work are put together , do you listen and say , "  That 's pretty good " or "  I 'd like to do that again " ? Thompson : Usually the latter . I do n't really like listening to my own recordings that much . One of the reasons is , I perform the songs live , and every night things get slightly differently interpreted . And the version you perform tends to grow away form the recorded version with the passage of time ... in your desire to keep your music fresh . So it 's sometimes horrifying -LSB- to listen -RSB- -- why did I do it so slowly ? Or , that 's a really lame version . CNN : The game Rock Band is very popular now , with a Beatles edition coming out . Have you tried to play Rock Band ? Thompson :  laughs  I have n't tried it , no . I have n't had a chance . I think it might be fun . But I hope some of the people who play these games are actually thinking , "  I 've scored so many points in this game , perhaps I should try a real instrument at some point . " So I hope it encourages people to take an interest in music , as opposed to just kind of messing around . ... It 's an extraordinary phenomenon . I 'd love to have a go . CNN : If you had n't managed to fool people over the years , what would you have done ? Thompson : I really do n't know . I think I would have been some kind of dropout . I was such a rebel . ... I 'd probably be one of those people who follows festivals around making hand-tooled leather belts or something , living in a caravan . ... Or a landscape gardener or something . I could probably do that .	Richard Thompson hailed by press , musicians as leading guitarist , songwriter Thompson has had little chart success , prefers live performance anyway Thompson : As artist , it 's "  when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view "
CNN  -- The rescue of 33 trapped men in Chile brings home vividly the hazards of mining . How do we defend this very blue-collar occupation , which claimed the life of my grandfather , some of his friends and almost killed me , when I was actually pinned between a rock and a hard place ? Thousands of hard-working folks are killed and injured in mines worldwide each year . This eons-old industry is disparaged by many , but most of the people with close ties to it laud and defend the profession . The truth is this : Mining is hazardous but essential to the lives we want . It 's an activity that produces wealth , provides raw materials for a myriad of products , lifts people out of poverty , develops economies and yes -- kills , maims and disables some of those who work at mining . Miners , from the child coal miners of old who worked to remove "  boney " from the breakers or carried water to the mining executives of today , should be thanked and appreciated for their contribution to civilization . Let 's reconsider labeling mine operators as the exploiters of earth and humans . Let us at least acknowledge their entrepreneurial spirit , courage and willingness to get into a business that is difficult by any standard . My father was a coal operator . But let 's also be fair . Poorly managed mines exist . Some operators still are sympathetic to the doctrines of "  assumption of risk " or "  implied negligence , " so often cited in days gone by as a management defense against the liability of accident loss . Those who do n't study industrial health and safety or have n't worked in heavy industries such as mining often ask how catastrophes -- such as the April 2010 mine explosion in West Virginia at Massey 's Upper Big Branch mine or the roof collapse at the San Jose copper mine in Chile -- can happen . Mining exposes workers to lethal amounts of energy . The energies in underground mines are in states of motion or stored in moving shafts and gears ; electricity ; the mine roof , rib or sides of the tunnel ; hydraulic cylinders ; and more . An unexpected release of this energy can equal disaster . These energies must be controlled at all times and in all situations . Unfortunately , our controls are not always up to the task . The Upper Big Branch event apparently involved the methane gas accumulating into the explosive range and an ignition source . Mine roofs collapse for many reasons , such as fault lines in the strata , inadequate bolting or other mechanical controls , inadequate pillar size or improper mining methods . Mines blow up when methane gas accumulations go undetected or inundate a mine quickly before power can be cut or the area can be ventilated . Investigations into these recent mining disasters have not been completed , so the basic or root causes can not be known yet . To prevent incidents in mining , both large and small , is no easy task . We are fighting a legion of hazards . In underground mines , stored energy in the form of earth surrounds the worker . Miners work in a confined space that has the potential to collapse on them at any time , despite efforts to maintain the integrity of the roof , ribs and floor of the void in which they work . The challenge to identify and control hazards in this workplace is unequaled . Mine safety begins with commitment . Management must commit to preventing accidents by providing adequate resources for the identification and control of hazards . All mines must integrate safety into everything they do . There is no magic bullet to prevent injuries and loss . But it 's essential to have commitment : -- To prevention , vigilance and excellence in workplace examinations . -- To safe work practices and procedures . -- To controlling the hazards associated with the worker , the equipment , material and the environment . This takes dedication , a conscientious work force and some good fortune . A former supervisor of mine was fond of saying , "  Plan for the exception , and expect it to happen . " Perhaps for mining , this goes double . The miners who perished at Upper Big Branch were killed instantly . There was no opportunity for them to evacuate or take refuge . The miners at the San Jose copper mine might have escaped back in August had all escape routes been maintained properly . Companies must embrace an aggressive culture of safety prevention first and foremost and also incorporate a program of mine emergency response that is second to none . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Radomsky .	Former coal miner Mark Radomsky had close call with death ; grandfather killed in mine People with close ties to mining laud and defend it , the safety expert says Mining produces wealth , raw materials , lifts people out of poverty , he says Safety very difficult , he writes ; miners need management to be fully committed
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- The NATO meeting in Lisbon ended on a high note Saturday , with U.S. President Barack Obama calling the summit "  extremely productive . " Obama said that after a period in which U.S.-Europe relations were "  severely strained , that strain no longer exists . " "  We came to Lisbon with a clear task , to revitalize our alliance , " he said , explaining that the alliance has resulted in a unified Europe , a strong ally of the United States , and prosperity for the United States , Europe and the world . NATO , which held a two-day summit , adopted a new strategic concept that will serve as the alliance 's road map for the next ten years and reconfirmed "  its commitment to defend one another against attack as the cornerstone of Euro-Atlantic security . " "  NATO leaders reiterated their commitment to ensure that the Euro-Atlantic Alliance has the full range of capabilities necessary to deter and defend against any threat to the safety and security of the populations of member countries , " the alliance said in a press release rounding up highlights of its meeting . "  To this end , they decided to develop the capability to defend European territory and populations against missile attack as a core element of collective defence and to extend an offer to Russia to cooperate with NATO in this regard , " the release said . The alliance also focused on Afghan security , missile defense , modernizing , a "  fresh start in relations with Russia " and streamlining its military command structure . NATO 's leaders agreed to forge a "  capability to protect NATO 's populations and territories in Europe against ballistic missile attacks , " according to the release . Alliance leaders said "  they see this as a core element of NATO 's collective defence task in view of the growing threat of the proliferation of ballistic missile technology and weapons of mass destruction . " The 28 NATO countries were joined by others , including the 20 partners who are contributing forces to the mission in Afghanistan , representatives of the United Nations , the World Bank and the European Union , and Afghan President Hamid Karzai . "  Together , they launched the process by which Afghan security forces will increasingly take the lead for security operations across the country , starting early 2011 , " NATO said . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen signed a long-term partnership agreement with Karzai under which "  NATO will stay as long as necessary to support Afghanistan until it can no longer become a safe haven for terrorism . " As for Russia , NATO allies agreed with Russia "  to jointly expand support for Afghanistan , including by broadening transit arrangements , extending training of counter narcotics officials and providing equipment to Afghan security forces . " Obama and Rasmussen announced that NATO heads of state will gather again in 2012 , in the United States .	U.S.-Europe relations no longer "  strained , " President Obama says NATO renewed commitment to defend member nations against attack NATO and Afghanistan forge long-term partnership In 2012 , NATO heads of state will meet in the United States
CNN  -- Photographer Thomas Nybo has captured images of some of the toughest issues facing Africa , from child mortality to access to education . He recently visited five countries in 11 days as he traveled around West Africa with New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof . An experience photographer and filmmaker , Nybo has documented life in more than 65 countries including Sudan , Lebanon , Congo and Yemen . A regular contributor to CNN , he 's also worked for other organizations including , the United Nations . While in West African countries including Niger and Burkina Faso , Nybo says no matter people 's hardships , he found an unbreakable spirit in everyone that shines through in his pictures . The photographer 's favorite image from the trip was of a girl carrying her sister to a health clinic . "  She was fascinated by the camera and followed me around until I took her photo , " he said . At the same center he met a boy who was carrying his sister on his back . Nybo points out that if you look closely at his eyebrows you can see he is wearing make-up . "  It was the first time I 'd seen a boy of his age in Africa wearing make up , " he added . In another of his pictures Nybo also captured a young woman with facial scarification , a common practice in the area . "  They typically use a razor blade or a sharp knife to carve different patterns in to the skin , " he explained . One of the toughest places Nybo says he visited was a center for malnutrition in Niger . He photographed a family who were camping outside the building because of the stifling heat inside . At the center he photographed a two-year-old baby who was suffering from measles . The baby was starting to go blind from a vitamin A deficiency but doctors were able to save her in time . Nybo says that everywhere he went he met hard-working mothers ; one group in particular that caught his eye had started a community garden to feed their children . Watch the video to see Thomas Nybo talk about more of the photographs .	Photographer Thomas Nybo recently visited five West African countries Nybo took pictures showing some of the continent 's toughest issues He says everywhere he went he met hard-working mothers
CNN  -- An Iranian actress who was sentenced to a year in jail and 90 lashes for appearing in a film critical of the country 's government has been released , according to Amnesty International and the film 's producers . Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stared in the recently released "  My Tehran for Sale . " In the film , she appears in one scene without the head-covering Iranian women must wear , while in another she appears to drink alcohol , Amnesty International said . Vafamehr was released Monday night after an appeals court cut her sentence to three months and overturned the 90 lashes , the rights group said . Cyan Films , which produced "  My Tehran for Sale , " reported that the actress is now with her family . "  As filmmakers , we believe in freedom of speech and support all artists who are imprisoned and punished in Iran for expressing themselves through their art . We admire their courage and the contribution they make to sharing with the world their truth about life for Iranian people , " said Kate Croser and Julie Ryan , producers of the film . In August , the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran said it had interviewed the actress 's husband , Iranian filmmaker Nasser Taghvai . "  It is a bitter tale why our artists should end up in prison for their profession ; this is so painful . An actor can not say I would do this in a film , or I would n't do that in a film .  If they did ,  nobody would give them work anymore , " the group 's website quoted Taghvai as saying . Rights groups have previously blasted Iran , slamming its record on the media and the arts . In particular , they say the government is cracking down on workers in the film industry . "  In recent months , an increasing number of filmmakers and actors have been targeted for persecution in Iran . While the release of Marzieh Vafamehr is a welcome development , it is deeply worrying that three filmmakers are still being held in Tehran 's Evin Prison , " said Amnesty International 's Deputy Director for Middle East and North Africa Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui . According to the rights group , those filmmakers are Mehran Zinatbakhsh , Mojtaba Mir Tahmasb and Katayoun Shahabi .	Actress Marzieh Vafamehr stars in the film "  My Tehran for Sale " An appeals court reportedly reduces her sentence Rights groups accuse the Iranian government of targeting film workers
London  CNN  -- As the National Transitional Council  NTC  prepares to dissolve itself , and its replacement starts working towards Libya 's new constitution and democratic institutions , it is worth reflecting why the United Kingdom and France supported the revolution back in late March . Contrary to what some believe , it was not all about oil ; but oil and gas will be central to Libya 's recovery . There is no doubt that if the No Fly Zone had not been imposed and the decision to back regime change was not taken , then Colonel Moammar Gadhafi would have carried out his threat to punish Benghazi for its February 17 uprising , at enormous human cost . But even if Prime Minister David Cameron and President Nicolas Sarkozy were motivated by humanitarian concerns -- and encouraged by the feasibility of protecting an enclave that had bravely won freedom for itself -- could they nevertheless be expecting a bounty in return for their support ? There has been a lot of disinformation and muddled thinking on this question , starting with the letter purportedly written by the rebels in early April promising to assign France 35 % of the country 's oil in return for its support . The NTC has denied making such a commitment , but even if it had , would any new and legitimate government of Libya need to honor it ? What , indeed , does Libya 's oil wealth amount to and how should the new government manage it ? The answers to these questions show just how impossible it will be for the rulers of the new Libyan state to hand out portions of its reserves and production to its friends , or for Britain , France and even Italy , which has huge political influence and vast interests in Libya 's oil and gas sector , to expect many favors . Libya 's past oil production of about 1.6 million barrels per day was sold on contracts arranged by the National Oil Corporation  NOC  's opaque oil marketing committee . There is a lot which the new management can do to make this process more transparent and open and also to account for revenues more fully . It is in the country 's interests to ensure the process is competitive . Any future scramble for new Libyan hydrocarbons reserves will also be competitive . Existing reserves are of course spoken for . All of Libya 's production belongs either to subsidiaries of NOC or to approximately half a dozen joint ventures with European , U.S. and Canadian companies . Dozens of other companies including ExxonMobil , BP , Shell , Gazprom have exploration rights to large areas of Libya 's desert and sea , but so far not many of them have made discoveries . These rights are tied up in contracts most of which give a very good deal to the Libyan side . Initially the NTC said it would honor all these contracts unless there was clear evidence of corruption . It has shifted this position somewhat in response to popular pressure . The interim oil and finance minister Ali Tarhouni recently announce the formation of a committee which will examine every contract . But changes at this level are unlikely . Many of the recent contracts were awarded in highly-competitive open licensing rounds in which the scope for corruption was very limited . The older contracts could be more doubtful , but these are the producing contracts -- the country 's life blood . The government may make the bold move of publishing them , but can not cancel them without huge cost . If anything is up for grabs in the Libya of the future , it could be service contracts to help the state oil company improve production from its existing fields and further exploration rights for gas . In the two months since the Gadhafi regime fell , the NTC has brought oil production back up to 300-400 ,000 barrels per day . From now every extra 100,000 barrels will be more difficult , costly and time-consuming to bring back . Thousands of workers have to return , and a huge amount of investment is required to recapitalize the oil field camps , many of which have been looted over the past six months . Some wells will also need repair as will the main export terminals in the Gulf of Sirte , which suffered the most damage in the conflict . The gas potential is huge and largely unrealized . Libya already sends gas to Italy by pipeline , but it is a much less significant producer than its neighbor Algeria . It would like to find more gas and take a larger slice of the European market . Shell and BP are amongst those already involved in expensive projects to make this happen . New exploration contracts could be issued : French and British companies could benefit . Italy 's Eni is already a predominant player , and has returned to the country more quickly than its competitors . But they are not the only contenders . Some analysts expect that Qatar , holder of the world 's third largest gas reserves and a vital supporter of the NTC , may work alongside Libya to market any future gas to Europe , perhaps cooperating on Liquid Natural Gas developments . In any case , the gas has to be found first . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Hamilton	The UK and French support of the Libyan revolution was not all about oil However , there are questions around whether they expect a bounty in return for their support Contracts to help the state oil company improve production and further exploration rights for gas could be up for grabs
CNN  -- A preliminary autopsy on the body of an energy executive pulled from the Mississippi River in New Orleans , Louisiana , this week revealed a head laceration and evidence of drowning , investigators said Thursday . The body was found Tuesday , four days after Douglas Schantz , president of Houston , Texas-based Sequent Energy Management , disappeared . A toxicology report , due back in roughly three weeks , will show "  how much Schantz had to drink before falling into the Mississippi " last week , said John Gagliano , lead investigator at the New Orleans coroner 's office . Authorities recovered Schantz 's body around noon Tuesday , said police spokesman Gary Flot . Police said Schantz was found with all his personal belongings , including his wallet , credit cards , identification and jewelry . Schantz , 54 , was last seen outside a Bourbon Street bar at 2:06 a.m. Friday , New Orleans Police Superintendent Warren Riley told reporters Tuesday morning . No one had heard from him since then . At the Tuesday morning news conference , Riley said detectives reviewed video from "  almost every " business in the busy French Quarter . Several cameras captured a "  disoriented " Schantz walking alone from a bar toward the Mississippi River , Riley said . Schantz had been drinking , Riley said , and was headed toward a boat at the wharf . "  The last video of Mr. Schantz is when he was near the boat Natchez , walking on a 2 - to 3-foot-wide walkway near the river , " Riley said . "  From 2:40 until 6:40 a.m. video was watched and ... once he -LSB- Schantz -RSB- walked out of that frame near the Natchez , he never returned on any frames of the video . " Riley said that according to the video , no one approached Schantz during the walk . Texas Equusearch , a search-and-rescue team , searched the waters with sonar equipment , and the Coast Guard and Harbor Police had also joined the search , according to Riley . Family and friends said they knew something was wrong Friday morning when Schantz did n't show up at the airport , missed a company meeting , and did n't return calls . Such behavior , they said , was uncharacteristic of him . "  There 's never been a time he was out of reach , " said Pete Tumminello , vice president of Sequent Energy , on Monday . "  I 've worked with him for seven years . There 's never been a time he 's been out of reach . " Schantz missed a flight Friday morning with his daughter , a Tulane University senior , police said . He also did not show up for an office meeting in Houston . Schantz went to the French Quarter with friends on Thursday night , Sequent Energy spokesman Alan Chapple told CNN on Tuesday . They went there after an earlier event at Tulane University to present a $ 25,000 donation to the Tulane Energy Institute , Chapple said . Schantz and his colleagues had dinner with professors and students at the school , and later he and some others went to the bar . Schantz was staying at the Royal Sonesta Hotel , only about two blocks from the bar that he was seen leaving , Chapple said . Members of the party had left the establishment at varying times , he said . During their investigation , police had not discovered any evidence of a crime , Flot said Tuesday morning . The FBI , U.S. Marshals Service and private investigators were also working the case , Riley said . Schantz 's son , Michael , described Monday the agony his family was feeling as they awaited news . "  My family is distraught , I 'm distraught , -LSB- in -RSB- shock , " he said . "  We just want him found alive and back with our family . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	Body of Douglas Schantz , 54 , was found Tuesday Body found four days after Schantz disappeared Schantz was president of Houston , Texas-based Sequent Energy Management
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Just before midnight Wednesday , Ukraine 's president declared a truce in his tumultuous nation , as well as the start of negotiations aimed at not only preventing further bloodshed but forging a lasting peace . The statement -- agreed upon with leaders of Ukraine 's three top opposition parties -- seemingly offered a respite from the violence and acrimony that 's marred the last few weeks . Still , there have been talks before . There was a breakthrough as recently as four days ago , when protesters agreed to move out of Kiev 's City Hall and unblock downtown streets . Then it collapsed in a bloody mess Tuesday on the streets of Kiev . So will this attempt be any different ? One thing that has changed is the scale of the violence : Authorities say at least 26 people -- protesters and police alike -- were killed in fierce clashes centered around Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square . The international outrage also has ratcheted up . After weeks of behind-the-scenes work and general calls for a peaceful resolution , Western leaders ramped up their pressure on Wednesday . As U.S. President Barack Obama said , "  We 're going to be watching closely . " He and other Western leaders offered pointed remarks -- and floated possible sanctions -- against Ukraine 's embattled government for its part in the recent violence . "  We hold the Ukrainian government primarily responsible , " Obama said , "  for making sure that it is dealing with peaceful protesters in an appropriate way , that the Ukrainian people are able to assemble and speak freely about their interests without fear of repression . " If there is a truce , it was n't evident overnight Wednesday in central Kiev . Persistent explosions rattled the night sky , the apparent product of protesters ' fireworks , security forces ' stun grenades and whatever else . Demonstrators continued to pick up pavement and rocks , then throw them at police . Security forces themselves responded , including in some cases throwing Molotov cocktails in protesters ' direction . "  The government would like the world to believe that those on Maidan are just terrorists and extremists to justify the bloodshed , ... that those on Maidan are armed with firearms and rioting , " Kiev protester MaiaKiev told CNN iReport . "  But it 's not a riot ... It 's a revolution of dignity . " Both sides appear dug in The situation began in November , when the opposition hit the streets angry about Yanukovych 's backpedaling from a trade pact with the European Union . That move and Russia 's offer the following month to buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas played into the storyline of Ukraine being a proxy for battles between Russia and the West . Yet this dispute goes beyond international affairs . It 's also about who controls Ukraine 's future and how , as seen in the opposition 's pressing for constitutional reforms shifting powers from the president to the parliament . The government 's response to the dissent -- including a sweeping , if short-lived , anti-protest law in January -- further inflamed the opposition . While the protests in Maidan have been a constant , there have been ebbs and flows in the unrest . The most sudden shift came on Tuesday , two days after a seeming breakthrough . Riot police plowed through the streets with water cannons , stun grenades , night sticks and , in some cases , armored personnel carriers . Protesters fought back , with some clawing paving stones from the streets and firing Molotov cocktails attached to fireworks from an improvised air cannon . They even set fire to the headquarters of the headquarters of the ruling Party of Regions . Overnight Tuesday , the situation had become a standoff . The security forces maintained on alert and so did demonstrators , refusing to budge from their physical position in the center of Ukraine 's capital as well as their political positions . A ring of fire continued to burn along barricades around their camp in the city center . Their cries against President Viktor Yanukovych are continuing too -- accusing him of scuttling an European Union trade pact to cozy up with Russia , resisting reforms that might curb his power and stubbornly , heavy-handedly dealing with the opposition . As to the Ukrainian government , while security forces held back Wednesday , its officials did not . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Foreign Minister Leonid Kozhara said an opposition march Tuesday "  ended with massive riots and aggressive and excessive attacks against the Ukrainian police . " The head of Ukraine 's security service was even more forceful , accusing protesters of taking over government offices nationwide and looting 1,500 weapons and 100,000 rounds of ammunition , among other misdeeds . "  These are concrete acts of terror , " Oleksander Yakimenko said in a statement announcing an anti-terrorism operation apparently targeting protesters . "  Radical and extremist groups are now a real threat . " Yakimenko spoke hours before the announcement of the truce , which two of the opposition leaders -- Vitali Klitschko and Arseniy Yatsenyuk -- later confirmed . Klitschko , a former world-class boxer who now leads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party , said the next round of talks will take place Thursday . Until then , Yanukovych has promised that there will be no further attempts to disperse protesters in Maidan , according to a statement on Klitschko 's party 's website . "  Today , a key goal is to stop the bloodshed that authorities have provoked and unleashed , " Klitschko said . "  Now we will see how Yanukovych will stick to his word after promised sanctions from the West . " Ukraine 's top military man replaced One man who wo n't be part of the government 's anti-terrorism campaign is Ukraine 's armed forces chief . Col. Gen. Volodymyr Zamana has been replaced , according to a statement Wednesday on the president 's website . No reason was given for the dismissal of Zamana , who according to his official bio started in the Soviet military , then rose through the ranks of Ukraine 's military before getting the top job in February 2012 . U.S. General Philip Breedlove , the military commander for NATO -- the 23-nation alliance including not just Western Europe and the United States , but Ukraine 's neighbors Poland and Romania -- called "  upon the new military leadership in Ukraine to open a dialog  sic  with us to bring this situation to a peaceful resolution . " In his CNN interview Wednesday , Ukraine 's foreign minister insisted that -- despite what he characterized as protesters ' provocations -- police have "  strong instructions " to avoid using "  offensive means . " And Kozhara rejected reports that the army , whoever leads it , has been authorized to fire on protesters . "  Under no conditions  will  the Ukrainian army ... be used in resolving this political crisis , " the minister added . Over the course of a few hours overnight Wednesday , Ukrainian troops moved into defensive positions around bases and weapons depots , according to a U.S. defense official familiar with the latest intelligence . The move is seen by the United States as an effort to ensure the military 's facilities remain secure . U.S. wo n't issue visas to 20 Ukrainians After some well-reported infighting about how engaged they 'd been in the crisis , Western officials were vocal on Wednesday not just condemning the violence but threatening action . The foreign ministers of France , Germany and Poland are set to to travel to Kiev on Thursday to survey the situation , before briefing their European Union colleagues in Brussels . After that , they and their U.S. allies could impose sanctions against Yanukovych 's government -- especially if there is even more violence . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso vowed European officials will "  respond to the any deterioration on the ground " with "  targeted measures against those responsible for violence and use of excessive force . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that Yanukovych must decide "  between protecting the people that he serves -- all of the people -- ... versus violence and mayhem . " "  We are talking about the possibility of sanctions or other steps with our friends  in  Europe and elsewhere in order to create the environment for compromise , " Kerry said . Later Wednesday , a senior State Department official told reporters that the United States would n't issue visas for 20 senior members of the Ukrainian government and others responsible for Tuesday 's violent crackdown on protesters . Calling the violence from both government forces and protesters "  completely unacceptable , " British Prime Minister David Cameron challenged Ukraine 's leaders to make the public 's safety their first priority . "  President Yanukovych has a particular responsibility to pull back government forces and de-escalate the situation , " Cameron said . Such measures could affect individuals but not likely the larger situation short term , said Richard Haass , president of the Council on Foreign Relations . Military action seems highly unlikely , and Russia appears poised to help Ukraine 's government if economic sanctions were imposed , he said . "  We really do n't have very good options to introduce , " Haass told CNN . iReport : Protester describing bloodied people being rushed to medics CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , while CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Phil Black , Michael Pearson , Anna Maja Rappard , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Jake Tapper , Matt Smith , Ben Brumfield , Michael Martinez , Neda Farshbaf , Larry Register and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's a revolution of dignity , " says one protester Ukraine 's president declares a truce and the start of negotiations Opposition leader says "  now we will see ' if president "  will stick to his word " Western powers ramp up the political pressure , especially on Ukraine 's president
Raw milk from Utah has sickened 45 people , according to the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food . The cases of campylobacteriosis have been linked to raw milk or cream purchased at Ropelato Dairy in Weber County , the department said in a statement Tuesday . Most of the infections occurred in people from Utah counties , though two were out-of-state residents from California and Idaho . Inspectors suspended the dairy 's license to sell raw milk on August 4 , after samples taken at the farm tested positive for campylobacter bacteria . "  What we 've discovered is that an employee had not been thoroughly cleaning the udders of the cows , " Larry Lewis with the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food told CNN affiliate KSL . "  That is introducing contamination , manure and feces that are in that area into the milk , which is a major problem . " Campylobacteriosis is a common bacterial infection that causes diarrhea , abdominal pain and fever , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Experts estimate it affects over 1.3 million Americans every year , with more cases happening during the summer months . The illness typically lasts around a week , though some people with the bacteria do n't experience any symptoms at all . Most patients recover without treatment . People with weakened immune systems , such as infants or the elderly , are most at risk for a serious infection . "  In some severe cases , illness can lead to complications , including paralysis and death , " Utah epidemiologist Kenneth Davis said . "  If you have recently consumed raw milk and are experiencing any of these symptoms , contact your health care provider . " Campylobacteriosis is generally associated with consuming raw or undercooked poultry or dairy products , according to the CDC . "  Unpasteurized milk can become contaminated if the cow has an infection with Campylobacter in her udder or if the milk is contaminated with manure , " the health agency 's site states . Since 2009 , there have been 14 documented outbreaks of campylobacteriosis associated with raw milk in Utah , according to the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food , with more than 200 people becoming ill . Raw milk is milk that has not been pasteurized , or heated briefly , to kill harmful bacteria like salmonella , E. coli and campylobacter . Heat can affect a few of the vitamins -- thiamine , vitamin B12 and vitamin C -- that are found in milk , according to the CDC , but it "  does not significantly change the nutritional value . " The U.S Food and Drug Administration warns consumers against drinking raw milk or eating dairy products made with raw milk . "  Many people believe that foods with no or minimal processing are better for their health , " the CDC says . "  Many people also believe that small , local farms are better sources of healthy food . However , some types of processing are needed to protect health . "	45 campylobacteriosis cases have been linked to raw milk from a Utah dairy farm Inspectors suspended dairy 's license to sell raw milk on August 4 Campylobacteriosis is a common bacterial infection that causes diarrhea
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanese voters were heading to the polls on Sunday with their main choices to lead the next government a Hezbollah-backed alliance or a U.S.-backed coalition . Hezbollah party workers in the southern town of Nabatiyah hope for an election victory . Analysts say the race will be tight , with the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " possibly winning a majority of seats in parliament . The polls opened at 1200 GMT and will close 12 hours later . Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters . About 50,000 troops were on the streets , but the run-up to the balloting had been free of violence . The vote comes at a critical time for Lebanon as it sits amid a power struggle between a weakened pro-Western government and a stronger pro-Syrian Hezbollah political bloc that has gained political momentum in recent years . The United States considers Hezbollah -- which is supported by both Syria and Iran -- to be a terrorist organization . The group grew in popularity after its militant wing claimed victory over Israel after a 34-day military conflict in 2006 . Since then , it has been more widely perceived by its supporters to be the "  defenders " of Lebanon . Though U.S. President Barack Obama did n't mention the Lebanese general election in his address on Thursday , he did call for religious tolerance in the Muslim world , noting sectarian clashes between Sunnis and Shiites and the struggles faced by religious minorities . "  The richness of religious diversity must be upheld -- whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt , " he said , referring to Christian groups in those countries . "  And if we are being honest , fault lines must be closed among Muslims as well , as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence , particularly in Iraq . " In Lebanon 's unique power-sharing government , the presidency is reserved for Maronite Christians , the speaker of parliament is always a Shia Muslim , and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim . The law was created to balance power among Lebanon 's three main religious groups . Analysts say the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " may win a parliamentary majority with the support of Christian opposition leader Gen. Michel Aoun -- the only prominent Christian politician to back the bloc . "  They keep trying to scare the Christian voters with their stories about Hezbollah 's weapons , so to all of those who complain about Hezbollah , can they tell us how they will disarm the party , " Aoun told supporters Friday . "  Hezbollah 's weapons will no longer be a problem when the causes behind its existence disappear , including the borders ' issues . " A close look at Lebanon 's political landscape reveals that the country 's Christian voters are split on how they will cast their ballots . Some Christian voters want their representatives to step out of the shadows of Hezbollah and Saad Hariri , who leads the Sunni-dominated "  March 14 coalition . " Christian voters are divided between supporting Aoun and other Christian leaders who want Hezbollah to disarm . "  In these elections , Christians look more divided than ever while others seem more unified than ever , " said Shibley Telhami , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . For the Obama administration , the elections could be indicative of the president 's odds of pushing stability in the region . Former U.S. President and Nobel Peace Prize Winner Jimmy Carter said the United States should work with whichever coalition wins . Carter was in Beirut as part of more than 200 international observers monitoring the election . He also oversaw balloting in Gaza during the elections in the Palestinian territory in January 2006 . The Palestinian militant group Hamas won that race "  fairly and squarely " by a huge margin , Carter said . The United States and Israel later refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Hamas win . "  And it 's resulted in a split in the Palestinians and a very difficult situation there , " Carter added . "  I think they  the United States  learned a hard lesson that they should accept the results of an election . " Two senior Obama administration officials -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden -- have visited Lebanon in recent months , signaling concerns with a possible Hezbollah victory . During his trip to Beirut two weeks ago , Biden warned the country that while the United States supports Lebanon 's democratic process , it will reconsider its assistance to the country if its next government strays from certain "  fundamental principles . " Biden 's visit followed Clinton 's April trip to Beirut in which she called for an "  open and free " election without outside interference -- a veiled reference to Iran and Syria . Such rhetoric has been dismissed by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah as "  meddling . " The Hezbollah leader has been increasingly vocal in the lead-up to the election , blasting the current government as powerless . However , part of the reason Lebanon 's government is crippled is that it made concessions to Hezbollah -- including giving them veto power -- in order to end a political stalemate that boiled over into violence of historic proportions last year . While some analysts are concerned Hezbollah could gain more control over Lebanon 's government after Sunday 's vote , a key Lebanese politician , Dori Chamoun , warned that assessment may be misleading . Chamoun , who opposes the March 8 alliance , said talk of Hezbollah 's possible victory may be based on "  rumors " and propaganda being spread by the Shiite militia and their political allies . "  They  Hezbollah  think they can scare many but no one is scared , " Chamoun told CNN . "  They can spread all kinds of rumors on their four TV stations saying that they will win this upcoming elections . " Chamoun , whose father , Camille Chamoun , was Lebanon 's president in the 1950s , is running for a seat in parliament . Even if a Hezbollah-dominated government does move in , it could have trouble working with Christian and Sunni Muslim politicians who -- under Lebanese law -- must participate in the government . It would also be difficult to find a Sunni political figure willing to serve as prime minister in a Hezbollah-led government since the majority of Lebanon 's prominent Sunni politicians are aligned with Hariri 's March 14 coalition , which has declared it will not participate in any government if Hezbollah wins . Lebanon 's political landscape could be shifting after a similar shift in neighboring Israel . Voters in the Jewish state overwhelmingly supported conservative parties over more moderate groups , bringing into power Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year . Netanyahu is viewed in the Arab world as more hawkish than his predecessor , Ehud Olmert , who ordered the war against Hezbollah in 2006 . A Hezbollah victory in Lebanon could further inflame tensions with Israel , particularly with an estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon -- all under the control of Hezbollah . CNN 's Cal Perry , Octavia Nasr and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Analysts say the race will be tight Some say the Hezbollah-dominated alliance may win a parliamentary majority Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters About 50,000 troops deploy to the streets
CNN  -- Should a convicted rapist , who has served their time in prison , be allowed to resume their old job ? What if that job was as a high-profile football player ? In the early hours of Friday , Ched Evans was released from a British prison -- a Category C facility for sex offenders -- after serving half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl in a hotel room . A blacked-out silver Mercedes 4x4 apparently whisked him out of sight of the waiting photographers before dawn had even broken . In another life , photographers had trained their lenses on the 25-year-old Evans for very different reasons -- he was the prized player of third-flight English league club Sheffield United , signed for  # 3 million  $ 4.8 million  in 2009 . Three years later , that privileged existence came to an abrupt end after the Wales international striker was found guilty of rape -- a conviction he denies . He might have "  done the time , " but not everyone believes Evans should be allowed to tie up his bootlaces and start scoring goals again , with almost 150,000 people signing a petition against his return to the League One team . "  A lot of the backlash has been over the fact that he 's not accepted his guilt , despite having served his sentence , " lawyer and Football Association agent , Shehneela Ahmed , told CNN . "  But where does it say that a convicted criminal , who has served their time , can not go out to work ? " Role model ? As an elite football player earning the sort of money most people can only dream of , Evans does not have your average job . The Deputy Prime Minister , Nick Clegg , who is also an MP in Sheffield , said Evans ' position as a role model for young boys needed to be taken into consideration by his future employers . "  He has done his time , but I just do n't believe that the owners of a football club can somehow wish away the fact that that has happened , " Clegg told LBC Radio . "  You are taking on a role model , particularly for a lot of young boys who look up to their heroes on a football pitch in a team like that , and he has committed a very serious crime . " Club statement With the media furore increasing , Sheffield United took the unusual step Saturday of denying a report in an English newspaper that Evans has been offered a contract by them to play again . "  An article in The Sun today , that Sheffield United has offered a contract to former player Ched Evans is false and damaging to the club , " read a statement on its official website . "  We have made a statement on this matter previously and the lack of credibility and substance from this latest media report does not warrant any expansion from previous comments apart from noting that we are continuing to deliberate on any long term decision about Ched Evans . " Polly Neate , chief executive of charity Women 's Aid , asked what message would be sent out if Evans played for United again . "  The club has a responsibility to look at who it is hiring in high-profile positions , and consider whether a convicted rapist , who continues to protest that he 's done nothing wrong and whose case has attracted widespread victim-blaming language , is someone that they want to be representing their brand , " she told CNN . "  It 's important that high profile institutions take a stand about the seriousness of rape as a crime , and do not in any way condone the blaming of victims of rape , or participate in a culture which trivializes violence against women . " Playing fair ? Ahmed argued that much of the fury over Evans ' possible return to football was related to footballers ' relatively high earnings . "  I think people are angry because normally a lot of the criminals who are sent to prison , once they 've served their sentence in relation to a heinous crime , have to start from scratch trying to get employment , " she explained . "  But this is a young lad who has committed a crime , never admitted his guilt , and despite that , he comes out of prison and walks into a job which is so well paid . " Evans was never sacked by the Sheffield club , which instead allowed his contract to expire while he was in prison . So far , Evans has not revealed if he intends to return to football at all . Though all eyes will be watching his next move closely . Media scrutiny They will have to wait until next week , when Evans has promised to "  make a very personal and profound statement by video , " on his website . "  Natasha -LSB- Evans ' girlfriend -RSB- and the family never asked for this media intrusion but it was thrust upon them following events of that night in Rhyl -LSB- where the incident took place -RSB- , coupled with an insatiable and hungry media society , " said Evans , referring to the northern Welsh town . "  All they have ever asked for is for the media to report fairly , help raise the concerns that there are from the vast section of society about Ched 's conviction , and have a sensible debate . " He was n't the only one apparently tormented by the media , with Neate saying the victim 's life was made hell after being identified by Evans ' supporters . "  Not only was the original trial covered extensively in the media , but the victim was harassed and unlawfully identified by Ched Evans ' supporters , and her life has been very badly affected , " she said . "  He has shown no remorse , and his former employer -- Sheffield United -- has not said anything to condemn the crime he committed . " What next ? Sheffield United boss , Nigel Clough , has said only that he has had talks with club officials about the possibility of Evans returning , according to the BBC . But as Ahmed argues : "  If Sheffield United do n't take him , what 's there to say another club wo n't sign him ? Whether it 's in the UK or abroad ? "  What impact could his return have on their brand ? That 's something Sheffield United is going to have to look into . " Ultimately Evans may have left jail , but his conviction remains , and his future remains uncertain .	Footballer Ched Evans released after serving sentence for rape Convicted of raping 19-year-old girl in hotel room in 2012 Almost 150,000 sign petition against his return to Sheffield United NEW : Sheffield Utd denies reports it has offered a contract to Evans
CNN  -- A line of sailors teeter on the edge of a giant yacht , peering down at the blazing orange island reflected on its lurching hull . The sailboat slices through the gray Mediterranean , passing the Italian island of Capri at just the right moment to catch a dazzling silhouette on its exposed underbelly . It 's an incredible image , captured by Malta photographer Kurt Arrigo as he leaned out of a low-flying helicopter during the Rolex Volcano Race earlier this year . Arrigo has just been named winner of the prestigious World Yacht Racing Forum Image of the Year competition in Gothenburg , Sweden , chosen from an elite pool of internationally renowned sailing photographers . Arrigo said of the winning picture : "  The weather had been bad all day , but the sun suddenly came out for a short while . " "  We were leaving the area but I asked the pilot of the helicopter to fly back briefly over the leading boat -- that 's when I took this photograph . " Veteran racing photographer Christian F  vrier said the image would have been impossible 20 years ago , as film cameras would have struggled to capture a yacht racing so quickly with the same stunning level of clarity . "  The reflection at twilight in the hull was interesting . But the importance of the crew creates a second point of interest , " he said of the lauded image . The fifth annual competition , sponsored by Mirabaud & Cie Private Bankers , is only open to professional photographers , this year attracting 46 of the best racing images from 2012 . The spectacular photos captured some of the biggest events in the sailing calendar , from brutal waves bombarding competitors in the America 's Cup to the festive atmosphere of the London Olympics . Competitors were judged on technical elements such as clarity , lighting , composition , and also originality . "  If you look at the images , hardly any could be taken by someone who 's not heavily involved in the industry , " Bernard Schopfer , one of the organizers of the event , said . "  Very often you have to be hanging out of a helicopter with no door or on board the racing boat in extremely violent conditions . It 's also an investment to have the right equipment that can withstand the salt water . " The impressive images were whittled down to the top five by delegates from the World Yacht Racing Forum . The difficult task of choosing a winner was then decided by a panel of industry heavyweights . Judges included two-time sailing Olympic gold medalist and CNN Main Sail broadcaster Shirley Robertson . Ben Ainslie , who won his fourth sailing Olympic gold at London 2012 , also sat on the panel , adding that the moving photographs had "  paid a great tribute to the variety and richness of the sport of sailing . " Arrigo , who has already published two photography books on his native Malta , was awarded a trophy at the event .	Malta photographer Kurt Arrigo wins World Yacht Racing Forum Image of the Year Picture of competitors in Rolex Volcano Race praised by judges for originality Fifth annual competition only open to professional photographers Judges included Olympic gold medalists Shirley Robertson and Ben Ainslie
Reports that Syrian warplanes carried out a cross-border attack on Iraqi towns this week is further evidence of the blurring between the two countries ' borders as they face an offensive by Islamic extremists . At least 57 Iraqi civilians were killed and more than 120 others were wounded by what local officials say were Syrian warplanes that struck several border areas of Anbar province Tuesday . These border cities are among those under the control of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , which seeks to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses portions of Iraq in Syria . MAPS : How to understand the crisis Reports of the Syrian incursion into Iraq is a reminder that the civil war in Syria and the unrest in Iraq are not isolated , but linked in ways that threaten the security of both . Sabah Karkhout , head of Iraq 's Anbar provincial council , told CNN that Tuesday 's air attacks struck markets and fuel stations in areas such as Rutba , al-Walid and Al-Qaim . "  Unfortunately ,  the  Syrian regime carried out barbarian attacks against civilians in Anbar province , " he said Wednesday . Karkhout said he was certain the warplanes were Syrian because they bore the image of the Syrian flag . "  Also , the planes flew directly from Syrian airspace and went back to Syria , " he said . Local officials said residents used scopes and other equipment to see details on the warplanes . Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , denied reports that Syrian warplanes struck inside Iraq 's border towns . "  We know our airspace . We have not recorded or registered infiltration of our air space from foreign jets , and all the warplanes and helicopters flying over Iraq airspace are Iraqis , " he told CNN . The head of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov , told reporters Wednesday that the warplanes that bombed the Iraqi cities were not Iraqi jets , but he did not have information beyond that . Syrian state media called the reports of a cross-border incursion "  completely baseless " allegations made by "  malicious media outlets , " citing a "  Syrian media source . " CNN is seeking a response from the Syrian government in Damascus . Iraq 's border region has been targeted by Syria in the past -- as the Syrian conflict escalated in 2012 , there was at least one instance where rockets fired from Syria landed in Al-Qaim . Iraq 's Foreign Ministry said at the time that it was ready to respond in the event of additional attacks from Syria , but the Iraqi government was noticeably quiet after Tuesday 's incursion . The claims come as Iraqi forces continue fighting radical Sunni militants from ISIS . Inside Syria , the government , for the most part , appears to have avoided directly targeting ISIS , even though the group 's positions are well known . Only in the last week did the Syrian regime intensify strikes on Raqqa , a city in Syria 's interior that is considered ISIS 's headquarters . Warplanes carried out seven raids on Raqqa on Wednesday , killing at least 12 people , including a woman and child , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Whether the strikes signify a concerted effort by Syria to intensify its fight against ISIS is yet to be seen . It is also unclear whether the Syrian strikes in Iraq were a unilateral action or were coordinated with the Iraqi government . Al-Maliki slams Sunnis The sectarian rift in Iraq may have widened Wednesday when Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki blamed his political rivals for "  coordinating " the crisis . Al-Maliki , a Shiite , accused Sunnis of collaborating with militants and slammed the call to have a national salvation government that would remove him from power . "  Iraq is facing a cross-border terrorist attack that is supported by some neighboring countries , " al-Maliki said in a televised speech . He appealed to his Shia constituency by saying he is adhering to the wishes of Shiite religious leader Ali Sistani , who called for volunteers to support the Iraqi army and government . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry downplayed al-Maliki 's rejection of a salvation government , saying it was n't something the United States had talked to him about specifically . To the contrary , he said al-Maliki , is committed to the electoral process and creation of a new government that the United States has supported . "  And he committed to moving forward with the constitutional processes of government formation , and that is precisely what the United States was encouraging , " Kerry said . "  He also called on all Iraqis to put aside their differences , to unite in their efforts against terrorism . " Meanwhile , a U.S. official told CNN that Iran is flying surveillance drones over Iraq . It 's not known from where they are being launched . Iran is believed to be providing small arms and ammunition to Iraq , as well as providing intelligence to al-Maliki 's government , the official said . Is Baghdad ready for an ISIS attack ? Meanwhile , on the outskirts of Baghdad , the eerie emptiness of a major highway raises questions about whether the capital would be prepared for a militant invasion . The Iraqi military insists it 's ready to beat back ISIS if the fighters reach Baghdad . A post-battle video purportedly shows army forces celebrating a victory over ISIS just west of Baghdad . The bodies of two militants are draped over the hood of a Humvee . "  Look at those ISIS ! We killed them ! " one man says in the video . But the opponents are formidable . ISIS fighters have captured cities and towns across Iraq in its effort to create an Islamic state . And the highway from Baghdad to Abu Ghraib in Anbar province showed few signs of readiness for ISIS . No tanks or big guns could be seen , CNN 's Nic Robertson said . What used to be a thriving roadside marketplace now looks like a deserted wasteland . It 's unclear what lies farther down the highway , but images on the Internet suggest a dire situation . Photos posted by ISIS show two soldiers sitting cross-legged on the ground , guns pointed at their heads . At least six civilians were killed and 21 wounded Wednesday when an Iraqi military helicopter fired two rockets on a mosque and nearby house in central Ana , in Anbar province , according to police and health officials . Most of the injured were children , who were attending a course on the Quran inside the targeted mosque , the officials said . At least 12 people were killed and 46 others were wounded when a suicide bomber exploded in a popular coffee shop in Mahmoudiya , south of Baghdad , followed by several mortar rounds attacked several locations nearby . At least four people were killed and 11 others were wounded when a car bomb exploded in an outdoor market in Rahimawa in northern Kirkuk , police officials in Kirkuk told CNN . Who has what ? Maj. Gen Atta said security forces had regained control of two key border crossings after briefly losing them to the militants . Atta said Iraqi forces , aided by Sunni tribes , retook al-Walid , which connects Iraq with Syria . He also said Iraqi forces regained the Trebil border crossing between Iraq and Jordan . He also said that all towns between Samarra and Baghdad , 80 miles  129 kilometers  to the south , are in the hands of Iraqi security forces . But large swaths of Iraq , particularly in the north and west , have fallen from government control to the hands of ISIS . U.S. officials say they think ISIS now has as many as 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria . But is unknown , officials say , exactly how many are in Iraq because it 's not clear how many go back and forth across the Syrian border and how many loyalists have joined ISIS as it has taken over various towns . The spread of ISIS Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh said he fears the strength of radical militants could spill further across borders . "  We 've been saying for a while that the rise and spread of extremism and the politics of exclusivity will threaten the security of the entire region , " Judeh told CNN 's Becky Anderson . "  The root cause of ethnic and sectarian division , the root cause of instability and the rise and spread of terrorism and extremism has to be addressed . " MAPS : How to understand the crisis Facebook looks to block ISIS clothing sales Kerry : ` Words are cheap ' but promising in Iraq	Iraq denies Syrian planes attacked border towns Local official says warplanes hit markets and fuel stations U.S. official says Iran is flying surveillance drones over Iraq Prime Minister slams Sunnis and the call for a salvation government
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit Monday seeking to block parts of a new North Carolina voting law that tightens election procedures , including requiring photo identification to cast ballots . Justice Department officials said the North Carolina law is discriminatory in intent and effect . The suit challenges four parts of the law and asks a court to require North Carolina to obtain pre-approval for certain voting law changes under a part of the Voting Rights Act that remains in effect . The lawsuit is part of Attorney General Eric Holder 's response to a June Supreme Court ruling that struck down a Voting Rights Act requirement for a patchwork of states and local jurisdictions to get permission from the Justice Department or a federal judge before enacting voting law changes . North Carolina lawmakers approve controversial election changes The four sections in dispute are : the requirement of photo ID to cast ballots ; the shortening of early voting from 17 days to 10 ; the elimination of same-day voter registration during early voting ; and restrictions on counting some provisional ballots . The photo ID portion of the North Carolina law was the center of controversy because Democrats said that it did n't include protections for voters who do n't have identification and that it disproportionately would affect minority voters . Conservatives have pushed such photo ID requirements in many states , saying they would prevent vote fraud . Studies of recent elections have shown in-person vote fraud to be rare . Some voter photo ID laws have been upheld by the courts . In August , the Justice Department filed similar lawsuits against Texas seeking to block the state 's 2011 election redistricting plan and a new voter photo ID law . The federal government is also seeking to require Texas to seek future pre-approval for voting law changes . North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signed the voting law changes last month . McCrory 's office issued a statement on Monday with a link to a video showing President Barack Obama being asked for and presenting his driver 's license at an Illinois polling station before voting in the 2012 presidential election . "  I believe if showing a voter ID is good enough and fair enough for our own president in Illinois , then it 's good enough for the people in North Carolina , " McCrory said . He said North Carolina is in line with a majority of states with voter ID laws , and said voters without identification will be able to get free identification cards from the state in January . "  Protecting the integrity of every vote is one of the most important duties I have as governor of this great state . And that is why I signed this common sense legislation into law , " McCrory said . In a speech earlier this month at a convention of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation , Holder repeated his criticism of the June high court ruling on the Voting Rights Act , calling it "  a deeply flawed decision that effectively invalidated a cornerstone of American civil rights law . " He said despite the ruling , the Justice Department would find ways to try to accomplish the goals of the section of the law that was struck down . "  We will continue to vigorously enforce federal voting laws not affected by the Supreme Court 's decision -- including all remaining parts of the Voting Rights Act , " Holder said . The Supreme Court called the pre-clearance portion of the law unconstitutional in part because of its disparate treatment of the affected states . The ruling left standing other portions of the 1965 law , which was reauthorized by Congress and signed by President George W. Bush in 2006 . N.C. governor brushes off criticism amid weekly protests	North Carolina passed stricter voting rules after parts of the Voting Rights Act were struck The Supreme Court said certain jurisdictions no longer needed preclearance for changes The Justice Department challenged rules on photo ID , early voting
EW.com  -- The craziest thing about Charlie Sheen 's tiger-blood-soaked , "  WINNING ! " meltdown -- er , "  melt-forward " ? Now that the crazy is nearly two years in the past , the ex - "  Two and a Half Men " star is actually ashamed of his behavior .  Well , some of it , anyway .  When David Letterman asked last night if Sheen ever feels embarrassed when he thinks back on the spring of 2011 , the actor answered the question quickly and matter-of-factly : "  Of course . Have you seen some of those interviews ? That stuff 's out there forever , man . " That said , Sheen still seems proud of his very public crackup 's sheer audacity . "  I booked a 21 city tour in 33 days with no act ! " he crowed at one point during the Letterman interview , sounding equally incredulous and boastful . He also did n't miss a chance to take a swipe at his old sitcom , even as he revealed that he 'd like to return to the show for its last episode : "  I am dead , " Sheen said , referring to the convenient subway accident that killed off his character at the beginning of season 9 , "  but so 's the show . " How 's that for a violent torpedo of truth ? As funny as Sheen 's quip is , it 's not entirely accurate -- CBS entertainment president Nina Tassler told TV critics last week that the network wants to bring Men back for an 11th season next fall , though a renewal has not yet been finalized .  Cast member Angus T. Jones is expected to stick with the show as well , even though he loosed his own Sheen-ian Men slam last fall . And despite Sheen 's wishes , it seems unlikely that Men creator Chuck Lorre -- the man Sheen once called a "  sad silly fool , " an "  a-hole p -- y loser " and a "  low rent , nutless sociopath " -- would welcome his ex-star back into the fold . After all , the ghost of Charlie Harper has already appeared on "  Two and a Half Men ; " he was simply played by Kathy Bates instead of Sheen . Watch a clip of Sheen on "  Letterman " here . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Charlie Sheen appears to be embarrassed by some of his past behavior Says he would like to return to "  Two and a Half Men " for the last episode A renewal for the series has not yet been finalized
CNN  -- Look to the heavens along the East Coast on Tuesday night , and you might be able to see the Air Force blast 29 satellites into orbit at once . The 29 satellites , the most ever launched at one time , will be aboard a single Minotaur I rocket scheduled to lift off from NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia at 7:30 p.m. . They include the main payload , the Air Force 's Space Test Program Satellite-3 , and 28 tiny satellites called CubeSats . The CubeSats are aptly named . Also called nanosatellites , they are small cubes , about 4 inches on each side , weighing about 3 pounds and with a volume of about a quart . Among the CubeSats is the TJ3Sat , built by the students of Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in Alexandria , Virginia . It will be the first satellite made by high-schoolers to go into space . Once in orbit , the "  TJ3Sat will allow students and amateur radio users the opportunity to send and receive data from the satellite . Students and other users from around the world will be able to submit text strings to be uploaded to the TJ3Sat website , " according to Orbital Sciences Corp , the developer and manufacturer of the Minotaur rocket . The students have been working on the TJ3Sat for seven years , according to Orbital . Lost world -- what happened to Mars ? The Air Force satellite that is the main payload will conduct a variety of experiments during its expected 13-month mission . The launch will also be evaluated as part of a certification process of the Minotaur rocket for commercial use . That process is being conducted by the Federal Aviation Administration , NASA says . Falling satellite burns up upon re-entry Orbital says the 29 satellites should achieve orbit in a little less than 12 1/2 minutes after the rocket ignites . NASA says the launch may be visible from northern Florida to southern Canada and as far west as Indiana . If you ca n't see the launch from where you are , it will be streamed by NASA live . NASA releases new photo of Saturn , Earth	Rocket to carry one big satellite , 28 little ones CubeSats are small , 3-pound nanosatellites One CubeSat was made by high school students The main payload satellite will conduct experiments on its expected 13-month mission
WIRED  -- Apple is a powerhouse of ingenuity , patenting ideas as soon as an engineer can scratch them down on paper  or iPad  . Around three dozen Apple patents made their way through the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office this week alone . Here we share three of the most notable -- one helps prevent cracked cover glass , another would deliver power to multiple devices with just a single adapter , and a third is a far-reaching location-based services patent that could keep Apple 's competitors on their toes . First off , Apple has come up with a solution for keeping the glass on the back of your iDevice from breaking in the event of a fall . Obviously , the simplest solution would be to avoid glass screens altogether , but if glass is going to stay , it should be made more resilient . Apple dreamed up a tunable shock mount that would sit between the glass and the body of the device . This shock mount would inflate when the device 's accelerometer senses that the phone or tablet is falling . An actuator within the device would suck in the cover glass as it accelerates toward earth , protecting it from damage . This technology could also be used to provide a water-tight seal . The patent also describes using alumino silicate glass , better known as Gorilla Glass , instead of normal glass . Gorilla Glass is already used in the iPhone 4 and 4S . Future cover glass could be chemically treated in a solution including potassium to help strengthen it further . As K + ions replace Na + ions on the surface and edges of the glass , the glass would have higher compression thresholds in those areas , making it less susceptible to cracking . Next up , Apple proposed an intelligent power adapter that could detect the varied power needs of different devices , and service them simultaneously . Today 's power adapters typically convert AC current from a wall outlet to a single DC current that can be fed to your device . Because different devices have different power needs , you currently need a different cable for each new gadget you use .  Well , that 's the main reason . If power cords and adapters were universally interchangeable , manufacturers would n't be able to reap additional revenue when these accessories eventually need to be replaced . Apple 's patent details an adapter that would have multiple , daisy-chained DC-to-DC converters  either in the adapter itself , or the cord or a connector  , supplying power to more than one device . Alternatively , the adapter would have a relay that dynamically controls the power delivered to a device , and would only deliver juice to compatible devices . The third major patent that rolled through the USPTO this week was innovative back when it was first filed by Xerox in 1998 . The patent involves location-based services , and could potentially be another tool Apple could use to crush other mobile competition  or at least get them to pony up some royalties  . Apple acquired this patent in 2009 from Xerox , and on Tuesday the patent was reissued . The patent predates the mobile app revolution , and even the rise of major social networks , and is worded uncomfortably broadly . Here 's the bulk of what it says : "  A location information system that displays location specific information , the location information system , comprising : a receiver that receives location identification information from at least one site specific object identifying a location.Iadd. , where the at least one site specific object is a beacon.Iaddend. ; and a transceiver that transmits the location identification information to a distributed network and that receives the location specific information about the specified location from the distributed network based on the location identification information , wherein the location specific information provides information corresponding to the location . " Yes , patentese is an obtuse dialect , but if you could decipher any of the above , you 'll know the patent describes what tons of apps and mobile devices already do on a near constant basis . Apple could , theoretically , start pursuing companies like Foursquare or Facebook for performing location-based services that fall under the patent 's very wide umbrella . Is this patent really a threat to such companies ? "  Apple gets interesting new patents all the time . I think this one is an example , but the moment of truth for any patent or patent portfolio is litigation , " FOSS Patents ' Florian Mueller told Wired.com over email . In other words : Do n't get your panties in a wad until Apple starts aggressively wielding its patent power in the courts . For now , it 's just something the company has got in the bag . Along with its other some thousand patents . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	One of Apple 's most recent patents helps protect glass screens by using a shock mount Another patent filed by Apple is for an adapter for multiple DC-to-DC converters A third patent involves the use of location-based services
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Attackers in a Taliban-controlled area of Pakistan shot and tried to behead a Pakistani journalist on Wednesday , according to his employer GEO TV . Mosa Khankhel was reporting for GEO TV when he was killed . The slain correspondent , Mosa Khankhel , had been covering the recent peace deal between the Pakistani government and Taliban militants in Swat Valley when he was killed , GEO TV managing director Azhar Abbas said . "  He is the first martyr of this peace deal , " Abbas said , adding that he believes it is unlikely the deal will end the campaign of violence that has centered in Swat . Khankhel was traveling in a caravan with Sufi Mohammed , who was leading the peace deal negotiations for the Taliban , when he went missing , Abbas said . His body was found about an hour later . He had been shot three times and his killers had attempted to cut off his head . Abbas called on Pakistan 's government to fully investigate the killing of Khankhel , who was the network 's correspondent based in North West Frontier Province as part of GEO TV 's Peshawar bureau . His death comes a day after Pakistan 's government recognized the Taliban 's interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , in the entire Malakand Division , which includes Swat and its surrounding district . Watch questions raised by Khankhel 's death " The agreement marked a major concession by Pakistan in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants who have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings , death threats , and the destruction of girls ' schools . The regional government in the Swat valley struck the deal to allow sharia law , in return the Taliban agreed to a 10-day cease fire . The Taliban control of Swat -- which is about 100 miles northwest of Islamabad -- is the deepest advance by militants into Pakistan 's settled areas , which are located outside its federally administered tribal region along the border with Afghanistan . The peace deal is the latest attempt by Pakistan 's civilian government -- which took power last year -- to achieve peace through diplomacy in areas where Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to have free rein . But analysts as well as critics within the establishment have warned that Pakistan 's previous dealings with the Taliban have only given the fundamentalist Islamic militia time to regroup and gain more ground . Khadim Hussain , a professor Bahria University in Islamabad who studies Pakistani politics , said the government has set the stage for two contradictory , parallel states in North West Frontier Province . "  If you leave them like that and you give ... a semblance of peace in a particular area , what does that mean ? " Hussain said . "  It means you 're capitulating . It means you 're surrendering the state to them . It means your submitting the state authority to them because they are running a parallel state . " He said the government 's decision amounts to a marriage of convenience made under duress . Swat has been overrun by forces loyal to Maulana Fazlullah 's banned hardline Islamic group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  which has allied itself with Taliban fighters . TNSM was once led by Sufi Mohammed , Fazlullah 's father-in-law , who is leading the latest negotiations . Sufi Mohammed was released from jail last year by Pakistani authorities after he agreed to cooperate with the government . He was jailed in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Fazlullah took over TNSM during Sufi Mohammed 's jail stint and vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region . Last May , Pakistan 's government announced it reached a peace deal with militants in Swat Valley . In the months that have followed , the Taliban have seized control of the region and carried out a violent campaign against government officials , including local politicians . The head of the secular Awami National Party -- which represents the region -- was forced to flee to Islamabad amid death threats from the Taliban . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders , blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . The United States -- using unmanned drones -- has carried out several airstrikes inside Pakistan on suspected militant targets , including one on Monday that killed at least 15 people , Pakistani sources said . Such airstrikes , which sometimes result in civilian casualties , have aggravated tensions between the U.S. and Pakistan . Pakistan 's military operation in the region is unpopular among Pakistanis , but efforts to deal diplomatically with militants have not worked in the past . Pakistan 's previous leader , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and Taliban a stronger foothold in the region . CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report	Journalist for Pakistan 's GEO TV killed in Taliban-area of the country GEO says Mosa Khankhel was shot and his attackers tried to behead him Khankhel was traveling with Taliban lead negotiator when he went missing Incident happened in Swat where Pakistan-Taliban agreed to allow sharia law
Cairo  CNN  -- Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have agreed to extend the current Gaza cease-fire by 24 hours , Gamal Shobky , the Palestinian Authority ambassador to Egypt , said Monday . An Israeli government official confirmed the extension to CNN . The cease-fire is now set to expire at midnight Tuesday  5 p.m. ET  . The extension gives negotiators more time to talk about the issues for a lasting peace in Gaza . "  There has n't been any progress at all , " Azzam al-Ahmed , the lead Palestinian negotiator , told reporters . Israeli and Palestinian media had reported Monday afternoon that a deal was set to be signed . Israel 's Channel 10 , quoting Palestinian sources , said the agreement would include the easing of Gaza border restrictions and enlargement of the fishing zone off the Gaza coast . Bigger issues -- including demilitarization , the building of a seaport , the release of Palestinian prisoners and the return of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers -- will be discussed at fresh talks in a month 's time , Channel 10 said . Palestinian news agency Ma'an reported that Egyptian consultants were drawing up the documents and that Israel 's delegation had left Cairo to discuss the deal with Israel 's Cabinet . But talks will continue . "  We hope that every minute in the next 24 hours will be used so we can reach an agreement or the cycle of violence will continue , " al-Ahmed said . Mustafa Barghouti , leader of the Palestinian National Initiative , blamed the Israelis for blocking the path to an agreement . He said from Gaza after returning from Cairo that the Palestinian delegation was united . He told CNN by phone that the situation is "  very fragile and very explosive . " Communicating through Egyptian intermediaries , Israel and the Palestinians have been trying to resolve in days issues that have smoldered for decades . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said earlier Monday that Israel was "  prepared for any scenario , " with the Israel Defense Forces ready "  for a very firm action if fire is resumed . " Israeli forces remain positioned around Gaza . In recent weeks , they carried out aerial and ground assaults against Hamas to try to stop militant rocket fire and destroy a network of more than 30 tunnels that extended under the border into Israel . Operation Protective Edge not over Israel is calling for Gaza to be demilitarized , demanding that Hamas , which controls the territory , lay down its arms . After meeting with Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon on Monday , Netanyahu reiterated that Israeli negotiators had been "  instructed to insist firmly on Israel 's security needs . " The strength of the Israeli military and the Israeli people 's patience and perseverance would help bring them peace and security , he said . Yaalon said Operation Protective Edge was not over . "  We are getting ready for the results of the deliberations in Cairo , whether they bring quiet or someone tries to challenge us by escalation , " he said . "  The IDF is ready and willing to react with power to any development . Hamas will not drag us to a war of attrition , and if they try , they will get back twice as much . " Disarmament ? A senior Israeli official told CNN that the most central issue on the table was nonviolence . "  On the basis on nonviolence , if you assume that includes no tunnels , then you would be correct . If you assume that would mean no missiles , then you would be correct , " he said . The official said the Palestinian delegation was not united and that Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal was calling the shots in Cairo . He pointed to what he said appeared were contradictions coming from the Palestinian side , asking , "  how can Israel have full security while they 're still digging terror tunnels and making rockets ? " The Palestinians , he said "  ca n't cherry pick what they want . " Even during the cease-fire , Hamas has boasted that its rocket-making factories are still operating , replenishing its arsenal . But in the view of Palestinian officials , disarmament is a nonstarter . "  That is not possible , " Palestinian official Nabil Shaath said . "  Because Israel will not demilitarize either , will not even commit itself that it will never use military arms against Gaza . " Hamas leader Izzat Risheq said the group 's weapons were "  for self-defense " against Israel . "  But when we have our own Palestinian state with its own national army to protect its citizens , there will be no need for any party to carry any kind of weapons , " he said . ` Impossible demands ' Speaking on condition of anonymity Monday , a Hamas leader said the Israelis had "  submitted impossible demands on the Palestinians such as the issue Palestinian demilitarization , destroying the tunnels and the issue of preventing Palestinians from developing their missiles technology . " The Israelis , he said , "  want everything and want to give nothing . " He said the Palestinians had responded with a counterproposal offering Israel "  full security in exchange of full opening of border crossings " or lifting the siege completely . Palestinians say Israel 's blockade is suffocating the economy of the small , impoverished strip of land and the lives of its inhabitants . Among their demands are the rebuilding and reopening of Gaza 's airport and the establishment of a seaport . But Israeli authorities -- who retain control of Gaza 's airspace , Mediterranean waters and their shared border -- say that releasing their grip on what goes into and out of the territory is too risky , as things stand . "  Building a seaport or an airport in Gaza without demilitarization is like getting a duty-free for rockets and missiles , " Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz said . Death toll passes 2,000 Meanwhile , the total number of Palestinians killed since the start of the offensive has reached 2,016 , Ashraf el-Qedra , spokesman for the Ministry of Health in Gaza , said Monday . The latest deaths include people who were found under rubble and those who died from injuries they received during the previous fighting . It 's unclear how many of the dead were militants . The United Nations has estimated that about 70 % were civilians , but Israel has estimated a higher number of militants . Israel blames Hamas for civilian deaths , saying militants fire rockets from civilian areas and encourage people to stay despite Israeli warnings of impending attacks . The Israeli military says 64 of its soldiers have been killed , as well as three civilians in Israel . CNN 's Ali Younes , Amir Tal , Andrew Carey and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : ` There has n't been any progress , ' lead Palestinian negotiator complains NEW : Another Palestinian official believes the situation is ` very fragile ' Indirect talks on a lasting peace deal have been taking place in Cairo Israeli negotiators have been told to be steadfast on security , says Israel 's PM
CNN  -- Steven Gerrard returned to Liverpool 's starting line-up but he was only able to help the English Premier League side claim a point as they were held to a goalless draw by Wolves on Tuesday . Liverpool struggled to break down a resilient Wolves defence and rarely tested home goalkeeper Marcus Hahnemann as both sides opted for a solitary striker up front at Molineux with chances at a premium . Gerrard , who had returned earlier than expected from a hamstring problem , was clearly short of match fitness and the Reds captain was unable to have his usual influence on the game . Spain winger Albert Riera had the best opportunity for the visitors when he lashed a speculative lob from distance which appeared to be creeping under the bar before American goalkeeper Hahnemann produced a one-handed save to push the ball over . Despite the result Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez remained upbeat and was pleased with Gerrard 's return to match action . "  It was positive for us to have Steven back -- you could see he still needs to improve his match fitness but it was not a risk to play him tonight , " Benitez told Sky Sports . "  Overall the final pass seemed to be difficult for us and Wolves defended well . You can see the team was working hard and there are a lot of good things for us to take out of the game . " Liverpool are now unbeaten in five Premier League clashes but are three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur , who eased to a 2-0 victory over Fulham at White Hart Lane , in the race for the Champions League places . Spurs were searching for a first Premier League this year and took the lead when Peter Crouch took advantage of some uncertainty in the Fulham defence to clip the ball home from close range in the 27th minute . Harry Redknapp 's team were able to double that lead in the 60th minute when David Bentley made the most of a rare start when his free-kick was deflected past Fulham goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer . Elsewhere , Bolton manager Owen Coyle was given a hostile reception at former club Burnley but came away with a 1-0 win thanks to Chung-Yong Lee 's 35th minute strike which rattled in off the underside of the crossbar . Portsmouth and West Ham remain among the league 's strugglers after they played out a scrappy 1-1 draw at Fratton Park . West Ham took the lead when Younes Kaboul 's headed clearance looped in off the chest of Matthew Upson in the 52nd minute before Danny Webber rescued a point for Pompey in the 76th minute when he slotted the ball through the legs of Hammers goalkeeper Robert Green . Meanwhile Roma midfielder Daniele De Rossi scored the only goal of the game to give his side a narrow victory over nine-man Catania in the quarterfinal of the in the Coppa Italia . Catania goalkeeper Andrea Campagnolo made a string of brilliant saves before Italy international De Rossi broke the deadlock at the Stadio Olimpico in the 74th minute Stefano Okaka cushioned the ball into the path of De Rossi who drilled it in the bottom corner with a smart left-foot finish as Blazej Augustyn and Giuseppe Bellusci were sent off for the visitors .	Steven Gerrard returned to Liverpool 's starting line-up but his side were held to a goalless draw with Wolves on Tuesday . Liverpool are now three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur , who eased to a 2-0 victory over Fulham . Owen Coyle was given a hostile reception at former club Burnley but came away with a 1-0 win . Portsmouth were held to a 1-1 draw by fellow relegation candidates West Ham at Fratton Park .
CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart was not afraid to face Brian Mitchell in her first testimony detailing her 2002 abduction . Elizabeth Smart , now 21 and in college , testified that Brian Mitchell raped her daily . In fact , her father said , she wanted the man who allegedly kept her tethered to a tree in the Utah woods muzzled and forced to listen to her testimony . Mitchell was in court Thursday for a competency hearing , but Smart never saw him because U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball ordered him removed from the court when he ignored requests to stop singing and disrupting the proceedings . He watched via a closed-circuit camera from another room . "  She actually wanted to face him , " Ed Smart said . "  I think she asked -LSB- U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman -RSB- if he could be muzzled and have to sit there and watch it . " Tolman , standing alongside Smart 's father after Thursday 's hearing in Salt Lake City , confirmed the 21-year-old woman 's request : "  She did ask me whether or not -LSB- Mitchell -RSB- got to see that testimony and hear that testimony , and I indicated to her , to her relief , that he was there in a room with the audio and video and had nothing else to do but listen . " Mitchell is accused of abducting Smart from the bedroom of her Salt Lake City , Utah , home in June 2002 . She testified that she was kept captive in Utah and California until March 2003 , when she was found walking down a street in Sandy , Utah , with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Smart said that , during those nine months , no 24-hour period passed without Mitchell being able to rape her . Public defender Robert Steele says Mitchell is mentally ill , but Tolman said he believes that Mitchell "  has attempted to fool or to deceive the system . " Ed Smart said he hopes his daughter 's testimony nixes the notion that Mitchell can not stand trial , "  and if this does n't clinch the issue of competency , our nation is in really , really bad shape , because it means that anyone out there can manipulate and make the court do what it wants . " Watch Smart 's father talk about the hearing " Mitchell and Barzee are charged with six felony counts , including aggravated burglary , aggravated kidnapping and aggravated sexual assault . Smart 's testimony began with details of how she was abducted at knife point while she slept next to her sister . She was 14 at the time . She said Mitchell took her to a wooded area not far from her home , performed a marriage ceremony and began raping her . Mitchell often sang about his intentions , she testified : "  He would come up the mountainside , yelling , ` I 'm going to -LSB- expletive -RSB- your eyes out . ' " Mitchell also threatened to kill her if she tried to escape , Smart said . "  He said an angel would strike me down with a sword , " she said , "  but he also told me that he would be that angel . " Mitchell gave her drugs and alcohol , showed her pornography and used religion to justify most of his actions , she testified . He also said he was God 's servant , a prophet , and would one day face and kill the Antichrist , she said . On one occasion , Smart said , she vomited after Mitchell gave her too much to drink . "  He let me lie face-down in my vomit for the entire night until I woke up the next day , " she told the court . "  He said that was showing my true state , that I was laying face-down in my vomit . " That morning illustrated a recurring theme , she said , explaining that Mitchell often rationalized his actions by saying they would ultimately yield greater spirituality . "  He said that first I had to be humbled and to sink below all things before arising above all things , " she recalled . "  You have to experience the lowest form of humanity to experience the highest . " Smart , now a Brigham Young University student and a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , described Mitchell as "  evil , wicked , manipulative , sneaky , slimy , selfish , greedy , not spiritual , not religious , not close to God . " During her nine months in captivity , Mitchell kept her in Utah until the winter approached , at which point he transported her to San Diego , California , she said . It 's unclear when they returned to Utah , but Elizabeth Smart testified that she convinced Mitchell that they should hitchhike back to Salt Lake City . She told the court her ulterior motive was to return to an area where she more easily could be recognized and rescued . While in Utah , Mitchell kept her confined with a cable attached to her leg , she said . The 10-foot tether was locked on to another cable that was 15 to 20 feet long . "  He had a big cable bolted onto my leg , which was strung between two trees , and there was a lock that would slide between the two trees , " she said . "  He had the key around his neck the entire time . " Asked how often she was raped , she replied , "  On a daily basis , up to three or four times . " She resisted his advances several times , she said , once biting him as he tried to have sex with her . "  He said that if I ever did that again , he would never have sex with me again , and I would be the most miserable woman in the world , " she said . "  It did n't make a difference that he said that . I mean , it did n't stop him . " After the hearing , Ed Smart said he was "  amazed at her strength " and "  I do n't know how she could have done a better job . " Asked about his daughter 's reaction following her testimony , he said , "  Phew , it 's over . " He bordered on tears when asked whether he had learned anything Thursday about his daughter 's abduction . "  There were certainly a lot of things that I had never heard before , and I had no idea what she had gone through -- so much out there , " he said . Prosecutor Tolman said Smart 's "  powerful " testimony demonstrated that Mitchell was manipulative and inclined to be deceptive , but defense attorney Steele said Mitchell 's guile did not negate his mental illness . "  Those things can exist side by side : manipulativeness and mental illness , " he said . Smart testified Thursday because she is scheduled to leave soon on a mission , customary of the Mormon religion . The prosecution plans to call dozens of witnesses when the competency hearing continues at the end of November , Tolman said . Included are people who have been incarcerated with Mitchell , he said . "  The battle is not over . This is the very beginning of it , " he said . Asked whether he would be willing to accept a plea bargain , Tolman said there was no indication that one was imminent . "  We 're inclined to prosecute this case vigorously and present it to a jury , " he said .	Elizabeth Smart testifies against accused captor for first time Smart , now 21 , was abducted from her bedroom at knife point at age 14 Brian Mitchell sings in court and is ordered removed Mitchell 's defense says he 's not competent to stand trial ; prosecutors disagree
CNN  -- A dazed boy 's musings after a trip to the dentist 's office had a good run . But even with foggy pronouncements like "  I have two fingers , " he was no match for Britain 's talented Susan Boyle . Boyle 's surprising vocal performance on "  Britain 's Got Talent " was far and away the most-watched video of the year on YouTube -- racking up more than 120 million views , according to the site . "  David After Dentist , " filmed by the boy 's father as he was clearly still loopy from medication , was a distant second with about 37 million views . This year is the first time YouTube has released a year-end list . On its blog , YouTube called 2009 "  the biggest year yet " for online video . "  Some moments were big -LSB- President Obama 's inauguration -RSB- , some small -LSB- a Minnesota wedding party erupts into dance -RSB- , some expected -LSB- "  New Moon " -RSB- , some surprising -LSB- Susan Boyle -RSB- -- but all of them inspired , entertained and connected millions of people around the world via YouTube , " read the blog . Titled "  JK Wedding Entrance Dance , " the video of a wedding party 's choreographed entrance to the tune of Chris Brown 's , "  Forever , " finished third with about 33 million views while the trailer for the hotly anticipated movie "  Twilight : New Moon " was fourth with 31 million . An advertisement for Evian bottled water that featured babies roller-skating to Sugar Hill Gang 's "  Rapper 's Delight " was fifth with about 27 million views . Boyle , a 47-year-old , unemployed , Scottish charity worker , leapt to international stardom after first taking the stage on the British reality show . Audience members and judges seemed to smirk at her frumpy appearance before she rendered a show-stopping version of "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables . " Boyle would go on to finish second on the contest but her album , released late last month , instantly went gold with more than 701,000 sales in its first week in the United States . YouTube also announced its top search terms for each month of the year -- a list that serves as an instant reminder of the top pop culture moments of 2009 . In the United States , the year started with "  Obama inauguration " as the fastest rising search term in January and ended with "  Tiger Woods " as the most popular term of December .	Susan Boyle 's performance is most popular YouTube video of 2009 "  David After Dentist , " a boy 's hazy pronouncements , finishes a distant second Wedding dance , skating babies and "  Twilight " also make the list YouTube calls 2009 "  biggest year yet " for online video
CNN  -- Curtis Flowers has stood before five juries in the past 13 years on capital murder charges , accused of killing four people in a Mississippi furniture store . Now , prosecutors are hoping his sixth trial will be the last . Flowers , 40 , is believed to be the only person in recent U.S. history to be tried six times on the same capital murder charges . His trial began last week in Montgomery County Circuit Court in downtown Winona , just a few blocks from the furniture store where four people were shot to death nearly 14 years ago . Bertha Tardy , the owner of Tardy 's Furniture , and three employees were shot execution-style in the head the morning of July 16 , 1996 , inside the store , court records say . The shootings rattled the sleepy central Mississippi town , with a population of about 5,500 that has declined in the 14 years since then . Like most of the businesses still operating in downtown Winona , Tardy 's was a relic of another era , having opened its doors in the 1940s . Bertha Tardy and her husband were prominent members of the community , and nearly everyone in Winona could claim some connection to the victims . After months of interviews and a $ 30,000 reward for information , Flowers was arrested in January 1997 on four counts of capital murder . He has been in custody ever since . Flowers has been convicted three times and sentenced to death twice , but the Mississippi Supreme Court reversed those verdicts and ordered a new trial each time . His two most recent trials ended in hung juries , leading his supporters to question why the Montgomery County District Attorney 's Office continues to seek a conviction . The prosecution 's case is based largely on circumstantial evidence . There is no DNA , the alleged murder weapon has not been found and eyewitnesses who say they saw Flowers the day of the shooting have provided conflicting accounts . Still , Montgomery County District Attorney Doug Evans says it 's a straightforward case of a disgruntled worker taking out his anger against his former employer . Others , who believe Flowers is innocent , say the case has turned into a crusade and suggest that race has played a major role in the prosecution and convictions of Flowers . "  The fact they 're trying this case for the sixth time suggests to me there 's some racial motivation here , because there 's no way in the world I can see a white guy accused of doing the same thing being tried six times to procure a conviction , " said Jackson City Councilman Chokwe Lumumba , who represented Flowers in his second trial in 1999 . Flowers ' supporters say it is a classic example of a case built upon weak circumstantial evidence and shaky eyewitness testimony intended to blame an easy target : a poor black man . "  What does it say about the prosecution that they have chosen to ignore two jury verdicts ? " said Alan Bean , executive director of Friends of Justice , a nonprofit organization that monitors due process violations in the criminal justice system . "  I really think the only way to save Winona from this nightmare is to force the Montgomery County district attorney to step aside and appoint the attorney general 's office . If you did that , I am convinced you would n't see the prosecution of Curtis Flowers , because the evidence just is n't there . " To Evans , though , Flowers ' prosecution is about seeking justice for the victims and bringing closure to the community . "  Any time that we feel there is evidence to prove a case , we 're going to pursue it , " said Evans , who tried the five previous cases and will lead the prosecution this time . Evans declined to elaborate on lessons learned from the previous trials or to say if his strategy will be different this time around , but he said the two hung juries did not affect his decision to try Flowers again . "  Any case that 's on the docket I want to try and dispose of it , " he said . Evans and Flowers ' current lawyer , Ray Carter , said they expected much of the evidence to be the same this go-round as it has been in previous trials . In all five trials , Sam Jones , an employee of Tardy 's since it opened in 1942 , testified that Bertha Tardy called him around 9 a.m. on July 16 about coming in to train two new employees . When Jones arrived at the store around 9:30 a.m. , he discovered the bodies of Tardy , bookkeeper Carmen Rigby and Robert Golden lying near the counter in pools of blood . Nearby , Jones saw 16-year-old Derrick "  Bobo " Stewart on the floor , blood pouring from his head with each labored breath . He died a week later . Prosecutors allege that Flowers , a former employee , stole a gun from his uncle 's car and shot Tardy because she had fired him two weeks before the killings and docked his pay for damaging a pair of batteries . He allegedly shot the others to eliminate witnesses , and then took money from the cash register , which elevated the offense to capital murder and made him eligible for the death penalty . The .380 - caliber pistol used in the shootings has not been found , but investigators matched bullets at the scene to shell casings from the gun owned by Flowers ' uncle , which has also not been recovered . Another witness who came forward months after the shooting and said she saw Flowers "  leaning " on his uncle 's car around 7:15 a.m. the day of shootings . The same day , his uncle , Doyle Simpson , reported that a gun had been stolen from his car . A neighbor said she saw Flowers around 7:30 a.m. outside his home wearing Fila sneakers . Another witness testified that he saw two men standing across the street from Tardy 's around 10 a.m. , and that one of them was Flowers . Another woman said she saw Flowers running out of the store the morning of the shootings while she was driving toward the store with a friend . A trace analyst expert determined that a bloody footprint at the scene came from a size 10.5 Grant Hill Fila sneaker ; investigators found a shoebox for a 10.5 Grant Hill Fila at the home where Flowers lived with his girlfriend , but found no sneakers . The three different teams of lawyers to represent Flowers have argued that witnesses who said they saw him that morning came forward with shaky stories months after the shootings , enticed by a $ 30,000 reward . They also said prosecutors failed to conclusively link Flowers to the weapon or the crime scene through the bloody footprint , and questioned whether the evidence proved that money was taken from the cash register . "  The reward offer really poisoned the case by giving rise to fabricated eyewitness testimony , " said defense lawyer Lumumba . "  I do n't think the witnesses recognized the consequences of what they were doing , that they were going to help put this man to death . " In Flowers ' second through fifth trials , the defense called witnesses to dispute eyewitness accounts of the woman who said she saw Flowers running out of the store . Prosecutors at first attempted to try Flowers separately for each murder , but the first two convictions were reversed after the Mississippi Supreme Court found that evidence of the other deaths was improperly introduced . The court found that prosecutors used excessive displays of crime scene photos and testimony regarding the nature of the other deaths . "  By using this tactic or trial strategy , the state improperly prejudiced the jury and denied Flowers his fundamental right to a fair trial , " the justices wrote in two nearly identical opinions issued in 2000 and 2003 . The third trial in 2004 also ended in a conviction that was later reversed after the state Supreme Court ruled that prosecutors dismissed black jurors based on race , fueling allegations of racial bias against the district attorney 's office . In the case of one black female whom the prosecution voted to dismiss because of her attitude toward the death penalty , the court noted that her views "  were nearly indistinguishable from those of two white jurors who ultimately served on the jury , suggesting disparate treatment . " The next two trials -- Flowers 4 and 5 , as they are called by the lawyers who tried them -- ended in hung juries after the panelists failed to reach a unanimous decision . The first jury was split along racial lines , with five black jurors voting to acquit and seven white jurors choosing to convict . The lone black juror on the panel in the fifth trial , who voted to acquit Flowers , was charged with perjury , but the charges were ultimately dismissed . Flowers ' supporters say the first three convictions and the racial divides in the last two trials can be attributed to the racist attitudes that still prevail in Mississippi , especially when a low-income black person is accused of killing a prominent white member of the community . Tardy and two of the other victims were white ; the fourth victim was black . "  I 'm not accusing white jurors of overt racial prejudice -- maybe some racial insensitivity -- but I think the real problem is they do n't have enough social knowledge to evaluate the credibility of testimony and I think black jurors do , and that 's what disturbs me about this tendency to eliminate black jurors and to disregard the black jurors ' verdicts , " said Bean . There will be a few differences in the sixth trial . Among them , the absence of two jailhouse informants from Flowers 1 , who testified that the defendant admitted to the shootings . The two later admitted to lying under promises of monetary reward from law enforcement , according to Lumumba . Another difference involves the testimony of Charles "  Porky " Collins , the man who said he saw Flowers across the street from the store around 10 a.m. with another man . It will be read to the jury , because Collins is dead . Bean , who plans to observe the trial , said he is especially looking forward to the jury selection phase , in which prospective jurors are questioned on their beliefs . "  The racial dynamics are right there on the surface . There 's no pretense of equal justice , so I 'm hoping this story can be instructive in that regard , whatever the outcome may be . "	Curtis Flowers is accused of shooting and killing former employer , 3 others in 1996 Three convictions reversed due to prosecutorial misconduct , racial bias in jury selection Two more trials ended in hung juries that split along racial lines Montgomery County District Attorney says evidence is there to convict Flowers
FIFA pledged Friday to reform its governance structure after the corruption scandals which rocked football 's world governing body last year . Proposed changes to its ethics committee , which will be split into two entities , one to investigate allegations and another to rule on them , were hailed as "  historic " by FIFA president Sepp Blatter after being approved by the executive committee . They will still need to be endorsed by FIFA 's 2012 Congress in Budapest , Hungary in May . FIFA was responding to a report of the Independent Governance Committee  IGC  , chaired by Swiss professor Mark Pieth and made public Friday . It was commissioned after Asian football chief Mohamed bin Hammam was banned from the game for life after being found guilty of corruption for trying to buy votes in the FIFA presidential election with $ 40,000 cash inducements to Caribbean football officials . The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , respectively won by Russia and Qatar , also came under scrutiny after allegations of improper conduct . Pieth and the eight-strong ICG group branded as "  unsatisfactory " FIFA 's past handling of the corruption allegations . "  Existing procedures are insufficient to meet the challenges of a major global sport governing body , " the ICG found . It went on "  This has led to unsatisfactory reactions to persistent allegations . "  In some instances , allegations were insufficiently investigated and where sanctions were imposed , they are at times insufficient and clearly unconvincing . " Blatter told a press conference in Zurich Friday that his organization recognized the need for change . "  The executive committee unanimously agreed to this new approach in our efforts for more transparency and integrity , " he said . "  The new ethics committee will have the possibility to initiate investigation in the case of credible allegations . " But Grant Wahl , a senior writer for Sports Illustrated , who unsuccessfully tried to challenge Blatter in the FIFA presidential elections last year , told CNN that while the 76-year-old Swiss remained at the helm there would be doubts about the implementation of the proposed changes . "  Sepp Blatter came to power 14 years ago through an election where he had the support of executive members who are now disgraced so he has very little credibility in preaching for reform , " he said . Wahl was also disappointed that the ICG had stopped short of calling for further investigation into the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup host countries . "  My big concern is that there is no recommendation to do a forensic investigation into 2018 and 2022 bidding process because it was clearly not satisfactory in many people 's eyes , " he said . Wahl also doubted FIFA would implement the ICG recommendation to limit the terms of FIFA president and executive committee members to two terms of four years . "  Term limits are a really important change , it would keep some of these dinosaurs from sitting on the committee for years and years , " he said . FIFA also agreed Friday to co-opt its entire executive committee onto the organizing body of the 2014 World Cup after concerns that preparations in Brazil have fallen behind schedule . 2010 World Cup chief South African Danny Jordaan has also been named as an adviser along with Alexei Sorokin , who is overseeing the 2018 tournament in Russia . A FIFA statement said : "  To underline the significance of the FIFA World Cup for world football 's governing body , the complete FIFA executive committee is now , for the first time , part of this decision-making forum which is responsible for monitoring and organizing each edition of FIFA 's flagship event . "	FIFA proposes changes to its ethics committee after 2011 corruption scandals Independent report criticizes ` unsatisfactory ' response to allegations of wrongdoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter hails ` historic ' reforms FIFA critic Grant Wahl wanted probe into 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding process
A long time ago in a galaxy far , far away ... An Empire has spread across the galaxy , and the few remaining Jedi defend themselves against the Sith . At the same time , a dispute over trade and treaties is interrupted by ... General Luke Skywalker ? A little confused ? That 's because these familiar elements from "  Star Wars " lore are part of George Lucas ' rough draft for the first movie  "  Episode IV : A New Hope " for the uninitiated  , illustrated for the first time by Dark Horse Comics as "  The Star Wars . " The first of eight issues of the comic book series is out now . When Luke is a much older man , Vader does n't wear a helmet , Han Solo resembles a lizard and there is a character named Kane Starkiller , it might take some getting used to . But it 's a fascinating part of movie history , no doubt . CNN spoke separately to J.W. Rinzler , who adapted Lucas ' script for comics , and artist Mike Mayhew . CNN : What captured your interest when adapting this script ? Rinzler : It 's so similar and yet so different at the same time . All the puzzle pieces are there but arranged to form a different picture . You 've got Sith and Jedi , you 've got a desert planet . You 've got a planet with twin suns , an imperial city and a cloud city . When I read the rough draft , it had all those things which made me want to make it into a comic book . It 's such a great story , George is a great storyteller . CNN : Was it difficult to illustrate this story from a script written nearly 40 years ago ? Mayhew : Not at all . I 've been in comics 20 years , and when I read the rough draft , I thought , I can make a comic of this tomorrow . It was just a very well-written screenplay , and that 's what a comic book script is . This is genuinely George 's first complete screenplay story of this tale , and it 's wildly different . You can see why some of it was changed because there 's no way they could have done it . It was just too ambitious . When you look at movies now like "  Avatar " and "  The Avengers , " it seems prophetic . Audiences expect all that action and set pieces , and one thing after another . I 'm sure back then they looked at this and thought , "  What 's this guy thinking ? " The other interesting thing is you see the origins of the characters we know and love . Darth Vader is kind of a general , he 's one of the main heavies but he 's not a lord of the Sith . Here , Vader is really three characters : General Vader , this Lord of the Sith named Valorum , and this mechanical man . You think you know these characters and then you discover their truer origins . CNN : What do you think fans will take away from this book ? Rinzler : Based on early fan feedback from the first issue , they 're really enjoying this alternate universe , and they 're getting to read a story that 's being told by George . Even through my adaptation , you feel his voice . You see many of the things you love in "  Star Wars " but in a slightly different way . You have the Tusken raider moment surging in front of the binoculars , except it 's not a Tusken raider , it 's a different character . Fans are saying they 're reading it two or three times to take it all in . Mayhew : This to me is the greatest "  what if " story in comics . What if this made it to the screen ? The mind reels at the possibilities . CNN : Is there one particular thing that is farthest away from the "  Star Wars " we know and love ? Rinzler : Everyone seems to latch onto the fact that Han is a big green alien . That 's pretty far ! He does n't have his own ship . His character is probably the most different , although he can already talk to Wookies . It 's fascinating to see all this stuff starting out , in a way . What 's really fun is that R2-D2 talks in this one . There 's a couple of points where I felt like "  R2-D2 should say something here , " and I added a line and that was really fun . Mayhew : The characters in this story are much different than the characters in "  Star Wars . " The relationships are a lot different and to me , more intense . Leia 's story is a little more complicated , and she 's more a part of the action . Annikin is more of a trained Jedi than Luke was . The older General Skywalker to me is so much cooler than Obi-Wan . This character is like Captain America , a bigger than life hero . CNN : Is there a possibility that this alternate version of "  Star Wars " could live on beyond these eight issues , at least in the fans ' minds ? Rinzler : Fans have been asking already about this , because so many things are hinted at particularly in the first issue , about the past , or characters in the periphery , or just spoken of and not seen . They 'd love to see those mysteries explained , but we have a little movie called "  Episode VII " coming up and that will take precedence . ` Star Wars ' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies at 99 J.J. Abrams talks production plans for ` Star Wars '	New comic book "  The Star Wars " adapts and illustrates George Lucas ' rough draft script "  It 's so similar , yet so different at the same time , " says writer J.W. Rinzler Characters such as Kane Starkiller and a lizard-like Han Solo populate this universe
CNN  -- Serie A leaders AC Milan remain on course for a domestic double after reaching the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup with a 3-0 home win over Bari . Milan , with Antonio Cassano making his debut for the club , were always in control at the San Siro , and they now travel to Cassano 's former club Sampdoria -- with a place in the semifinals up for grabs . Zlatan Ibrahimovic continued his impressive recent form by opening the scoring for the home side in the 19th minute . And there was no way back for Bari once young German midfielder Alexander Merkel had doubled Milan 's advantage on the stroke of halftime . Man-of-the-match Robinho made the opening two goals before deservedly getting on the scoresheet himself midway through the second half , converting a pass from Merkel . The other quarterfinal ties will see Napoli entertain holders Inter Milan , Juventus play host to Roma and Palermo facing Parma .	Serie A leaders AC Milan reach the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup on Thursday Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores the opening goal in a 3-0 victory over Bari Alexander Merkel and Robinho were also on target in the San Siro win Milan will now face Sampdoria with a semifinal place for the winners
Italian authorities responded late Thursday to a ship without any crew that was carrying 450 migrants , that country 's coast guard said . It 's the second time this week Italy 's coast guard has rescued such a vessel . "  Because of the difficult weather conditions , the ship can only be reached by air . From what we know , the ship , which flies the flag of Sierra Leone , would have hundreds of migrants on board , " the Italian air force said in a statement . It said the cargo ship Ezadeen was in at a standstill because of a blackout . The migrants launched an SOS , said Floriana Segreto , a spokeswoman for the Italian coast guard . Women and children are thought to be on the ship . By early Friday morning , the vessel remained at a standstill 58 miles  93 kilometers  off the coast of the city of Crotone in the Ionian Sea , the coast guard said , where rescuers were trying to restart the boat 's engines . On Wednesday , a freighter carrying 768 people , most believed to be migrants from war-torn Syria , docked safely in the southern port of Gallipoli after the coast guard seized control . The Italian coast guard told CNN a "  real disaster " was avoided when authorities boarded the Blue Sky M after the crew apparently jumped ship . Italian coast guard commander Filippo Marini said the vessel was cruising on autopilot toward the rocky Italian coast at 6 nautical miles per hour . The course of the vessel was reversed to avoid a collision with the rocks . The coast guard said a collision would not only have led to the deaths of passengers but would also have created an environmental disaster .	Rescuers are trying to restart the boat 's engines , the coast guard says The ship without any crew is carrying 450 migrants This is the second time this week the Italian coast guard has rescued such a vessel
CNN  -- With Halloween just around the corner , the weather is giving the northeastern quarter of the United States a taste of the chills to come this winter . A wintery cold front plunging down from Canada is shoving America 's fall weather down toward the Gulf of Mexico and replacing it with frost and in some places snow . Jack Frost is nipping at noses in the Midwest , where temperatures are 10 to 15 degrees colder than average , the National Weather Service says . Thursday night temperatures are predicted to fall into the 20s , and residents from Missouri to Pennsylvania will need to unpack their ice scrapers for their morning commutes , along with winter coats . A belt of hard freezes threatens crops , as it stretches to farmland in the Ohio and Mississippi River valleys , extending possibly into the Carolinas and north Georgia . Moisture from the Great Lakes is predicted to combine with the cold weather to produce snow in areas downwind . Residents of Columbus , Ohio , and Baraboo , Wisconsin , watched flurries come down on Wednesday . Western New York state may see as much as a foot of snowfall in the coming days , but high temperatures will rise into the 40s , making it hard for much of it to stick . The World Series will not turn into a hockey match , but the brisk blast began rolling into Boston 's Fenway Park in time for Game 1 . The first pitch sliced through 48-degree air , making it the third-coldest start to the baseball championship . The blanket of frigid air should roll down over the mountain states by early next week , triggering sleet and snow , the weather service said . An early blizzard in South Dakota killed tens of thousands of heads of cattle and displaced thousands more in early October . A cold snap blindsided ranchers and caught cattle before their winter coats had grown out .	Temperatures in the Midwest are 10 to 15 degrees colder than average , weather service says A belt of freeze and frost is covering a swath from Missouri to Pennsylvania Early freezing temperatures could endanger crops in the Midwest and Southeast The first pitch in first game of the World Series cut through cold air
CNN  -- Childhood is confusing . It 's difficult to fully understand things at the best of times and , occasionally , you 'll experience something that is unlike anything that you 've experienced thus far . One such example came early for me . During our regular family drives , my father would play a cassette from an old BBC radio program that he 'd first listened to as a kid growing up in the 1960s . The show was called "  Round The Horne " and it featured a couple of camp homosexual characters who went by the names of Julian and Sandy -- played by Hugh Paddick and Kenneth Williams . The pair were out-of-work actors who could be found running various fashionable and niche enterprises that always started with the word "  bona " -- such as "  Bona Films . " The sketches usually began with a very middle-class Kenneth Horne knocking on a shop door and asking "  Hello , anybody there ? " before Paddick answered "  Ooh , hello ! I 'm Julian and this is my friend Sandy ! " The audience loved them and their appearances became a highlight of the show thanks to a mixture of "  Polari " language -- gay slang -- and ever more risque double entendres . Perhaps their best-known sketch is when Horne is looking for legal representation and pops into a little shop called "  Bona Law . " Horne : "  Can you help me ? I 've erred . " Sandy : "  Well , we 've all erred , ducky . I mean , it 's common knowledge , ennit , Jule ? " Horne : "  Will you take my case ? " Julian : "  Well , it depends on what it is . We 've got a criminal practice that takes up most of our time . " Horne : "  Yes , but apart from that , I need legal advice . " This was my first exposure to homosexuality and , because it was through humor , ably explained by my father , it meant that the only confusion around the subject came as I wondered why the kids in my school playground called each other "  bender " or "  queer . " As a 10 or 11-year-old kid , you ask yourself very obvious and basic questions about the things that you 're unsure about . Why are the kids calling each other these names when the kid in question is n't funny ? Gays are funny , are n't they ? It was , of course , down to an ignorance brought about by a lack of exposure at my age . As you build up more encounters , so you build up a more complete picture of something . But the older I get , I do find myself continually amazed by the amount of people I meet who are still ignorant or underexposed to a whole range of things . It is n't necessarily their fault but it has a profound knock-on effect nonetheless . The fact is that there are millions of gay people all over the world and if you 're a fairly relaxed person like me , well , that 's just the way it is . Big deal . I 'm not a religious fellow in any way whatsoever so , where homosexuality is concerned at least , Jesus Christ is not my barometer . Then again , maybe I 'm the ignorant one . Until I typed that last sentence , that thought had never occurred to me . For some people , it is a big deal and I only really came into contact with that once I became a footballer . Up until then , my life had been fairly colorful , to say the least . In football , homosexual players remain scarce . There have been a couple of players who have "  come out , " most recently Robbie Rogers , the former Leeds United and United States forward , who took to his website to announce that he was gay ... and promptly retired from the beautiful game at the tender age of 25 . It was unfortunate for football and the gay community -- football is in desperate need of a gay icon -- yet was completely understandable . "  They  the players  often do n't mean what they say , " Rogers said . "  It 's that pack mentality . They 're trying to get a laugh , they 're trying to be the top guy . But it 's brutal . It 's like high school again -- on steroids . " Rogers was talking about a changing room that does n't know that it has a gay player in its midst . But I 'm as certain as I can be that a changing room that does know that it has a gay player in its ranks would be a very safe place for a gay footballer . That pack mentality works the other way , too . The group protects its own . It does n't matter whether you are white , black , straight or gay . I 'm as certain of that as I can be . Sure , players will talk behind each other 's backs , not necessarily in a disparaging way , but -- to the outside world at least -- the team is a united front . There are no veils , curtains or walls in a changing room because every team has a player who will call a spade a spade . Somebody who will point out that the king has no clothes on and , with one not-so-subtle comment , remove the awkwardness of almost any situation . The first time my roommate met the man at our club who has one hand , he said to him : "  Are you right-handed or left-handed ? " It was the ice-breaker everybody needed , especially for the man in question , who said that the worst thing about his disability is when people walk around him on eggshells . But it is difficult , if not impossible , for even the tightest of squads to protect a player from the taunts of tens of thousands of fans . Or , for that matter , even just a few people . As recently as 2008 , a section of Tottenham Hotspur fans sang the following words to Sol Campbell as he lined up for Portsmouth against his former club : "  Sol , Sol , wherever you may be Not long now until lunacy And we wo n't give a f**k When you 're hanging from a tree You 're a Judas c ** t with HIV . " It 's easy to see why Robbie Rogers gave the answer he did when a journalist asked him what he thought the reaction might be if he were to line up for Leeds against , say , Millwall . "  Woah ! " Rogers exclaimed . "  I ca n't even think about that . " I can tell you now , it would be horrendous for him . You know as well as I do that the abuse a homosexual player would receive from "  fans " throughout the land would be intolerable . That is n't to say that it would n't ease off , but would you want to be the player who goes first ? On England 's south coast in Brighton -- an area with a large gay community -- the football team and its fans take a fair amount of stick both during home matches and at away grounds . I 've heard "  fans " singing to their counterparts : "  Who 's the f **** t in the pink ? " And once during a home match : "  Does your boyfriend know you 're here ? " -- which , I wo n't lie , made me smile because of the laughter it generated among the traveling Brighton contingent . Interestingly , there are few , if any , headlines written about it either as a social commentary or by a journalist going for a bit of sensationalism . However , Brighton currently occupy a playoff berth in the Championship and , should they win promotion to the Premier League , I guarantee you that the headlines will begin in earnest next season -- something that will force the authorities to take a very public , zero-tolerating stance . Perhaps that will turn out to be the first step on the ladder to a player "  coming out . " Julian and Sandy broke down many of the social barriers that existed in post-war UK at a time when homosexuality was still illegal . It stands up because the writing is exceptional and the risque tone of it is expertly delivered on stage . Kenneth Williams , in particular , seemed to go about his role with such relish that it almost sounded as if he 'd been freed from some terrible secret . Many years later , after his death , his private diaries would reveal a man at tremendous odds with his own sexuality . Imagine that ; imagine not being able to live out the true meaning of your life with the same freedom as most other people . Imagine having to keep your true identity a secret . I would n't wish that on anybody .	Homosexual players in football remain scarce with Robbie Rogers the latest to come out and then retire Footballers protect their own but can not shield players from terrace abuse Abuse for a gay player even in 2013 would be "  intolerable "
CNN  -- For a year , journalist and author David Eimer traveled the edges of China exploring a side of the country that obliterates expectations . "  Most people are unaware of the sheer diversity of China in terms of ethnic minorities , " says the former Beijing resident and China correspondent for the Sunday Telegraph newspaper . "  I met people who have blond hair and blue eyes and look completely European but are 100 % Chinese in terms of upbringing and language . " The Chinese government officially classifies 55 ethnic minorities . During his travels through Yunnan , Tibet , Xinjiang and the Dongbei region , Eimer met many of them . These are people distinct from the Chinese majority -- the Han -- with their own languages , cultures and histories , who happen to be living within China 's national borders . Eimer has collated their stories in his latest book , "  The Emperor Far Away : Travels at the Edge of China , " published in July by Bloomsbury USA . CNN spoke with Eimer  now based in Bangkok  about his travels and China 's ethnic minority communities . CNN : Why write this book ? David Eimer : There are a hundred million people living in China who are n't Han . I wanted to go to those regions and give them a bit of voice . CNN : Your favorite place from your travels ? Eimer : Deep south of Yunnan . It 's got great food , it 's not a politically sensitive area . Almost half of Chinese minorities live in the south of Yunnan . If you want , you can see Hakka villages , Dai villages and a fair number of tourists do go there for that . The Chinese like to think of Xishuangbanna -LSB- an autonomous prefecture within Yunnan Province -RSB- as their own Thailand . It does n't have a coastline , but the food , language and climate are all similar to Southeast Asia . CNN : Any memories stand out from the area ? Eimer : One of my favorite experiences was trekking through villages along the border with Burma and staying with families along the way . You just arrive and ask around , pay them RMB 50  $ 8  and they 'll say , "  sure , " and you can drink rice wine with them . CNN : Which was the most difficult place to cover ? Eimer : Tibet just because of the controls the government places on foreigners who go there . As a journalist you 're not meant to be there , but it 's not a problem for tourists . It 's a stunning part of the world . You 'll see scenery that you do n't see anywhere else on the planet . But  Tibetans are the hardest people to really engage with . You wo n't want to get them in trouble by asking sensitive questions , and a lot are scared by the heavy PLA and wujing  paramilitary  presence . The food is really bad . The hotels are n't really hotels , they 're just like plain concrete-floor rooms with no showers . There was a space of 10 days where I had one shower . CNN : What was wrong with the food ? Eimer : They ca n't grow vegetables so it 's all imported . I love Chinese food but I have to say Tibetan food is my least favorite . It 's dumplings or fried rice and a bit of yak meat if you 're lucky , so yeah it grinds you down a bit . CNN : What was the appeal of Dongbei , China 's northeast region ? Eimer : It 's right next door to North Korea and Russia and I do n't think people realize that there 's like a "  third Korea " within China . There are a couple million ethnic Koreans living in Dongbei along the border , they are given leeway in terms of speaking the language and going to schools that teach in Korean . They are all watching South Korean soap operas and listening to K-pop and eating dog  a common North Korean dish  and kimchi inside China . Chinese Koreans are all from North Korea , but culturally they are South Korean , they have n't been cut off and isolated . CNN : Did you get to the Russian border area ? Eimer : When you head toward Russia it just looks like Siberia . I was there in winter and the landscape is bleak , lots of snow and under-populated areas . I was interested in Manchus in this region . The Manchus were the only minority that ruled China in the past . I thought it was interesting to see their homelands and how they had been absorbed to the point of having only 100 people left who can still speak the Manchu language . CNN : Did you meet any Manchus ? Eimer : The only genuine Manchu person I met was in Xinjiang , thousands of miles away from what was once the Manchu heartland . There 's a specific ethnic minority in Xinjiang -- the Xibe -- who are closely related to the Manchu and who are the descendants of soldiers sent to guard the edges of the Qing Empire in the 18th century . Xinjiang is now the only place in China where you 're likely to hear someone speaking an approximation of Manchu . In fact , although around 10 million people in China register themselves as Manchu , most are mixed Han and Manchu , a result of extensive intermarriage , so there are very few people left who are 100 % Manchu . CNN : In the book you seem pessimistic about the Tibetan and Uyghur independence movements . Eimer : I 'm pessimistic about Tibetans and Uyghurs gaining independence . To split the country is ultimate heresy for the CCP  Chinese Communist Party  , it will never happen and they will do everything to prevent it . Sadly the situation now in Xinjiang and Tibet has gotten to the point where violent extremism is the way forward rather than reconciliation . You 're not going to see Uyghurs sitting down in Beijing for talks . Giving Ilham Tohti life in prison sends the message : it 's our way or no way . -LSB- A Uyghur economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , Tohti was found guilty of "  separatism " and sentenced to life in prison by a Chinese court in September . -RSB- The situation will only get worse . It will present really big challenges for the CCP . Are they going to effectively keep one-third of China 's landmass under virtual martial law ? CNN : Would you say Taiwan and Hong Kong are heading down a similar road ? Eimer : What 's happening on the fringes , you can include Hong Kong into that . Hong Kong is it 's own place . It 's not the mainland . In Xinjiang and Tibet , CCP rule is being challenged more and more , and the same goes for Hong Kong where  they 're  doing it in a peaceful , nonviolent way . I think it 's interesting that the pressures the CCP are getting are from parts of the country that were previously regarded as reasonably docile . They were n't prepared for Hong Kong people to stand up and say "  no " and they have to be careful because Taiwan is looking very closely at what 's going on in Hong Kong to determine whether One Country Two Systems will work for them . CNN : Some argue that China is already doing the best it can to keep an incredibly large country and population relatively united . Eimer : Managing China is insanity . How do you do it ? I still think China is the most fascinating country in the world for many of these reasons . China is more like an empire . Managing China has always been difficult , which is why the book is called "  The Emperor Far Away . " CNN : What do you always travel with ? Eimer : A Swiss army knife , notebook , pen and money or access to money , as well as passport , of course . Anything else you can buy along the way .	Journalist David Eimer 's new book chronicles many of China 's 55 official ethnic groups Xishuangbanna is China 's Thailand , with food and climate similar to Southeast Asian countries Eimer also visited the "  third Korea , " located inside of China He says Tibetans are the hardest to interview
Former first lady Barbara Bush was discharged from Houston Methodist Hospital on Saturday , a family spokesman said . "  I can not thank the doctors and nurses at Houston Methodist enough for making sure I got the best treatment and got back to George and our dogs as quickly as possible , " Bush said . She was released after six days of treatment for pneumonia , a family statement said . Bush , 88 , is the wife of the 41st U.S. president , George H.W. Bush , and the mother of the 43rd , George W. Bush . President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton sent their best wishes to Mrs. Bush for a full recovery . In her role as first lady , she championed the cause of literacy . She formed the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy in 1989 . That was the same year that she made public that she had been diagnosed in 1988 with Graves ' disease , an autoimmune disease that commonly affects the thyroid . In 2010 , she was hospitalized for what doctors at the time described as a recurrence of Graves ' disease . She underwent heart surgery in 2009 after doctors found hardening in one part of her aorta . In 2008 , she was hospitalized after suffering abdominal pain . She underwent surgery for a perforated ulcer .	She had been treated for pneumonia at a Houston hospital Bush is the wife of the 41st president , George H.W. Bush In her role as first lady , she championed the cause of literacy
CNN  -- In light of reports that linked the name "  Geronimo " with the operation that took down Osama bin Laden , Native Americans expressed disappointment Thursday and pointed to the sacrifices they have made in the service . "  To associate a Native warrior with bin Laden is not an accurate reflection of history and it undermines the military service of Native people , " said Jefferson Keel , president of the National Congress of American Indians . "  It 's critical that military leaders and operational standards honor the service of those who protect our freedom . " Initial press reports said that "  Geronimo " was used in the raid to refer to bin Laden , but a senior administration official later told CNN that it was code for the act of capturing or killing bin Laden , not for the man himself . Keel said that according to his understanding , the most-wanted terrorist 's code name was "  Jackpot , " and the name of the operation was "  Geronimo . " Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s who is revered by many in the Southwest as a hero , the NCAI said . Harlyn Geronimo , a descendant of the warrior , was sharply critical of the use of his great-grandfather 's name . "  Whether it was intended only to name the military operation to kill or capture Osama bin Laden or to give Osama bin Laden himself the code name Geronimo , either was an outrageous insult and mistake , " he said . To use the name is "  such a subversion of history that it also defames a great human spirit and Native American leader , " he said . Thom Wallace , communications director of NCAI , said that whatever the reason behind the use of the name "  Geronimo " and the debate over it , the real conversation was being lost . That conversation , he said , is about the 24,000 American Indian active members of the military . A disproportionately high number of Native Americans serve in the U.S. military , he said . The group pointed out that 61 American Indians and Alaskan Natives have been killed serving in the armed forces in Afghanistan and Iraq , and 445 have been injured . "  Let 's be very clear about what is important here : The successful removal of Osama bin Laden as a threat to the United States honors the sacrifice these Native warriors made for the United States and their people , " said Keel , himself a veteran .	Tying Geronimo to bin Laden "  undermines the military service of Native people , " official says Dozens of Native Americans have died serving in Afghanistan and Iraq Geronimo was an Apache leader in the late 1800s
NASA 's rover Curiosity successfully carried out a highly challenging landing on Mars early Monday , transmitting images back to Earth after traveling hundreds of millions of miles through space to explore the red planet . Scientists praised the landing Monday . "  This is a stunning achievement . The engineering went flawlessly , " said Scott Hubbard , who was the first Mars program director at NASA headquarters and is now a consulting professor at Stanford University . The 10 science instruments aboard Curiosity are in "  perfect health , " and testing and calibration are under way , NASA said Monday . Some rover team specialists are analyzing the data from the landing , while others are preparing Curiosity for exploring Gale Crater , where it landed , NASA said . On its first full day on Mars , the rover is tasked with raising its high-gain antenna , enabling it to communicate directly with Earth at higher data rates . The primary method of transmitting data is through the orbiters , because that is more energy-efficient . When asked whether anything had gone wrong during the landing , Jennifer Trosper , a mission manager with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California , said simply , "  No . " "  There 's a lot ahead of us , but so far we are just ecstatic about the performance of the vehicle , " she told reporters at an afternoon news conference . She said the rover will start sending weather data Tuesday but some of the "  exciting science " wo n't begin for about nine Mars days . "  It does take time to check out the vehicle , " she said . Social media sites were bubbling with posts from enthusiastic Earthlings on Monday . The rover even has its own Twitter account , @MarsCuriosity . It informs readers : "  FYI , I aim to send bigger , color pictures from Mars later this week once I 've got my head up & Mastcam active #MSL " Meet a rover driver : His car is on Mars The $ 2.6 billion Curiosity made its dramatic arrival on Martian terrain in a spectacle popularly known as the "  seven minutes of terror . " This jaw-dropping landing process , involving a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute , allowed the spacecraft carrying Curiosity to target the landing area that scientists had meticulously chosen . The mission control in the Jet Propulsion Laboratory burst into cheers as the rover touched down Monday morning . Team members hugged and high-fived one another as Curiosity beamed back the first pictures from the planet , while some shed tears . At the news conference , NASA showed off some of the initial images , including one of Mount Sharp , which rises 3.4 miles above the floor of the Gale Crater , according to NASA . "  We can see more clearly these pebbles all over the ground , " said Joy Crisp , a deputy project scientist with the mission . "  We can see that it is very flat . ... There are no obstacles for driving -LSB- the few miles from the landing site -RSB- " to Mount Sharp . Scientists can not tell yet how easy it will be to scoop up the surface material , she said . "  I think the science team has a lot of work to do to figure out how were these materials put there , " she said . "  Was water involved ? We do n't know yet . " President Barack Obama weighed in on the historic moment . "  The successful landing of Curiosity -- the most sophisticated roving laboratory ever to land on another planet -- marks an unprecedented feat of technology that will stand as a point of national pride far into the future , " Obama said in a statement congratulating the NASA employees who had worked on the project . The scientific community reacted with a mixture of elation and relief . "  Rationally I know it was supposed to work all along , but emotionally it always seemed completely crazy , " said James Wray , assistant professor at Georgia Tech , who is affiliated with the science team of Curiosity . "  So to see all those steps being ticked off and actually working , it 's a huge relief . " The initial images the SUV-size rover sent back to Earth were black and white and grainy , but one showed its wheel resting on the stony ground , and the vehicle 's shadow appeared in another . More space and science news from CNN Light Years A camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured an image of the 2,000-pound rover with its parachute still attached as it made its way down toward Gale Crater . At that point , the rover was about two miles from the planet 's surface . The spacecraft had been traveling away from Earth since November 26 on a journey of about 352 million miles  567 million kilometers  , according to NASA . Curiosity , which will be controlled from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , has a full suite of sophisticated tools for exploring Mars . They include 17 cameras , a laser that can survey the composition of rocks from a distance and instruments that can analyze samples from soil or rocks . The aim of its work is "  to assess whether Mars ever had an environment able to support small life forms , " NASA said . Curiosity 's first stop was Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake . After at least a year , the rover will arrive at Mount Sharp , in the center of the crater . The rover will drive up the mountain examining layers of sediment . This process is like looking at a historical record because each layer represents an era of the planet 's history , scientists said . The phenomenon of sedimentary layers is remarkably similar to what is seen on Earth , in California 's Death Valley or in Glacier National Park in Montana , said John Grotzinger , chief scientist of the Mars Science Laboratory mission . Rocks and minerals found on Earth are different than on Mars , but the idea of a mountain made of layers is familiar to scientists . Unlike on Earth , however , Mars has no plate tectonics , so the Martian layers are flat and not disrupted as they would be on Earth . That also means that Mount Sharp was formed in a different way than how mountains are created on Earth -- no one knows how . Images : Exploring Mars In these layers , scientists are looking for organic molecules , which are necessary to create life . But even if Curiosity finds them , that 's not proof that life existed -- after all , these molecules are found in bus exhaust and meteorites , too , said Steve Squyres , part of the Mars Science Laboratory science team . If there are n't any organics , that may suggest there 's something on the planet destroying these molecules , said Georgia Tech 's Wray . But if Curiosity detects them , Wray said , that might help scientists move from asking , "  Was Mars ever habitable ? " to "  Did Mars actually host life ? " Curiosity 's mission is also significant in an era when NASA 's budgets are shrinking and China is becoming more ambitious in its space exploration program . "  I feel like it 's a signal that we have the capability to do big and exciting things in the future . " said Carol Paty , assistant professor at Georgia Tech 's School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences . "  You ca n't not be excited . " Liquid water is not something scientists expect to be apparent on Mars because the planet is so cold and dry , Squyres said . If the planet does harbor liquid water today , it would have to be deep below the surface , perhaps peeking out in a few special places , but not likely to be seen by Curiosity , Squyres said . Rover to search for clues to life on Mars It 's hard to know how long ago liquid water would have been there because there 's no mechanism to date the rocks that rovers find on Mars , Squyres said . Evidence from the spacecraft NASA has sent to Mars so far suggests that the "  warm and wet " period on the planet lasted for the first billion years of the planet 's history . "  In order to create life , you need both the right environmental conditions -- which include liquid water -- and you need the building blocks from which life is built , which includes organics , " Squyres said . The Mars Science Laboratory is a precursor mission to sharper technology that could do life detection , Grotzinger said . There are n't specific molecules that scientists are looking for with Curiosity . The attitude is : "  Let 's go to an interesting place with good tools and find out what 's there , " Squyres said . What do you think about the Mars mission ? Go to iReport Curiosity is supposed to last for two years on Mars , but it may operate longer -- after all , Spirit and Opportunity , which arrived on Mars in 2004 , were each only supposed to last 90 Martian days . Spirit stopped communicating with NASA in 2010 after getting stuck in sand , and Opportunity is still going . "  You take what Mars gives you , " said Squyres , also the lead scientist on the Mars Exploration Rover Mission , which includes Spirit and Opportunity . "  If we knew what we were going to find , it would n't be this much fun . "	Testing and calibration are under way , NASA says President Barack Obama hails "  an unprecedented feat of technology " Rover Curiosity 's first stop is Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake The vehicle will be controlled from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Ana threatened the Caribbean on Saturday , but it was too early to know how much trouble the first named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season might cause . Forecasters expect Tropical Storm Ana to hit the Leeward Islands on Monday . Ana formed overnight and was expected to gain strength as it moved west toward the Leeward Islands , where forecasters expect it to hit on Monday . The Dutch Antilles issued a storm watch for St. Maarten , Saba and St. Eustatius , meaning tropical storm conditions are expected in the islands within 36 hours , according to the Miami , Florida-based National Hurricane Center . For now , the center has advised the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico to monitor the storm 's progress . As of 8 p.m. ET , Ana was about 730 miles  1,180 km  east-southeast of the Leeward Islands , according to the hurricane center . Ana , with maximum sustained winds of 40 mph  65 kph  , was moving west at about 17 mph  28 kph  , the center reported . The storm is expected to turn west-northwest over the next few days , the center said . Ana may eventually hit Haiti and the Dominican Republic , but forecasters ca n't say whether Ana will strike the continental U.S. Further east in the Atlantic , Tropical Storm Bill has developed and is expected to become a hurricane Wednesday . Forecasters say Bill could evolve into a Category 3 hurricane as it approaches the Leeward Islands by Wednesday or Thursday . Bill was about 820 miles  1,320 km  west-southwest of the Cape Verde islands at 5 p.m. ET .	NEW : Ana is 730 miles east of Leeward Islands , moving west at 17mph Virgin Islands , Puerto Rico advised to monitor storm 's progress Storm has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph , hurricane center says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A northwest Montana town where asbestos contamination has killed more than 200 people will get more than $ 130 million in cleanup and medical assistance from the Obama administration , the Environmental Protection Agency announced Wednesday . Libby , Montana , will get new help dealing with asbestos contamination . The declaration is the first issued by the agency , which has grappled with the "  toxic legacy " of a mine outside Libby , Montana , since 1999 , Administrator Lisa Jackson said . The town was heavily contaminated with asbestos-laced dust that federal prosecutors said resulted in more than 200 deaths and 1,000 illnesses . "  For decades , the disease and death rate from asbestosis in the Libby area was staggeringly high -- much higher than the national average , " Jackson told reporters . Not only did dust from the mine spread all over Libby and the neighboring town of Troy for decades , but tailings from the facility also were used as fill for driveways , gardens and playgrounds , she said . "  Literally no matter where these residents turned , they were being exposed yet again , " Jackson said . She said the declaration "  should be a reminder of the serious consequences of mismanaging hazardous material . " EPA spokeswoman Adora Andy said $ 6 million from the Department of Health and Human Services will go to local health care providers to screen , diagnose and treat asbestos-related illnesses , while $ 125 million will go toward cleaning up contaminated areas . The new commitment brings the total amount the EPA has designated for the Libby area to $ 333 million , she said . The agency still needs to conduct "  significant research " into the health effects of the type of asbestos that has been spread around town since the 1920s , she said , and does not yet know how many properties will need to be cleaned up . During Jackson 's confirmation hearing in January , Montana Sen. Max Baucus said the valley 's 12,000 residents had been "  hung out to dry " and pressed Jackson to review the issue . Wednesday , Baucus presented Jackson and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius with a photo of one of his constituents , former miner Les Skramstad . "  He died , and others in Libby have died , " said Baucus , a Democrat . "  But the decision is the beginning of what needed to be done . It 's the first time in American history that we 've had this declaration , and I can not think of a more fitting time and place for it than Libby , Montana . " Baucus is the former chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee and now leads the Finance Committee . He is a key architect of a still-being-drafted health care bill the Obama administration has said it wants to see pass this year . The Libby operation began producing vermiculite -- a mineral often used in insulation -- in 1919 . Dust from the plant covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of residents ' daily lives . But the product was contaminated with tremolite asbestos , a particularly toxic substance that has been linked to mesothelioma , a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs , abdomen , or heart . In May , a federal jury acquitted mine operator W.R. Grace and three of its former executives of criminal charges related to the contamination . Grace operated the facility from 1963 until it closed in 1990 , and prosecutors argued that its executives knowingly released the substance and tried to hide the danger from the community . Baucus said that despite the verdict , he still believes the company "  knew it was contaminating the town . " "  Regrettably , the trial did not conclude the way I thought that it should , " he said . There was no immediate response from the company to the senator 's remarks . During the three-month trial , Grace did not deny that the asbestos came from its mine , but it said it acted responsibly to clean up the contamination . It also paid millions in medical bills for area residents , and agreed in 2008 to pay $ 250 million to reimburse the EPA for its cleanup efforts .	Environmental Protection Agency declares health emergency in Libby , Montana Asbestos contamination in the town blamed for 200 deaths , officials say Move will offer more aid to town ; cleanup been going on for 10 years Mine operator has been acquitted of criminal charges ; has paid millions for cleanup
CNN  -- Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will open on time in September after Mayor Michael Nutter assured the school district on Thursday it will receive $ 50 million that Superintendent William Hite demanded last week . Hite gave the city an ultimatum , saying the school district would not open on time if it did not receive a funding guarantee by Friday . This came after the layoff of close to 3,800 employees this summer due to a "  drastic financial shortfall . " The massive layoffs included aides , assistant principals , social workers and arts teachers . "  I 'm here to say I will not risk a catastrophe , " Nutter said Thursday , "  We will avoid this disaster . " Nutter directed the city finance director , the city treasurer , and the budget director on Thursday to begin immediately taking all steps necessary for the city to borrow $ 50 million on behalf of the school district , Nutter said in a written statement . Hite said he plans to open the schools on time based on Nutter 's assurance , even though Nutter has not yet cut a deal with City Council over how it will be funded . The superintendent expressed his appreciation to the mayor in a statement released Thursday , saying that the funding promise will allow the district to immediately start recalling the necessary staff to open the schools on time . Hite had previously said that without the money to restore crucial staff members , the district would not be able to open "  functional schools , run them responsibly , or provide a quality education to students . " Nutter had called Hite 's ultimatum one of "  the most chilling " statements he had ever heard a school superintendent make , but promised he would stand "  shoulder to shoulder " with Hite and would not allow schools to open with no more staff than he could afford without the extra money . Hite and Nutter had previously urged the City Council to extend a 1 % sales tax to make up the difference but -- despite approval from the General Assembly and Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett -- City Council President Darrell L. Clarke said he would rather focus that money on the city 's critical pension problem . If the city does not solve the retirement fund issues , Clarke said , Philadelphia could quickly follow in the footsteps of other major cities with significant financial problems . As an alternative , Clarke proposed the city purchase the school district 's surplus vacant real estate for $ 50 million and sell the property to developers who could turn it into potential job producers . A final decision on this proposal has not yet been made . Hite and Nutter are also negotiating a contract with the local teachers ' union , hoping to save money by asking teachers to make concessions on certain benefits . Because there has been no agreement with the union , $ 45 million in aid from the state previously allocated to the school district is being withheld . Once the negotiations are complete the funding will be released , state Budget Secretary Charles Zogby said Tuesday . Nutter said that "  as mayor , it 's my duty to keep Philadelphia on track and moving forward and that 's what I 'm doing today . " Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9 , the originally scheduled date .	Philadelphia 's schools will receive $ 50 million the superintendent said is needed Mayor Nutter directed city officials to take the steps needed to borrow the $ 50 million School Superintendent Hite expresses his appreciation to the mayor Philadelphia 's 218 public schools will now open their doors on September 9
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- NATO aircraft launched more than a dozen strikes on the Libyan capital early Tuesday , and smoke could be seen rising from the area near Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's Bab-al-Azizia compound in Tripoli . The NATO attack , one of the heaviest against Tripoli since the NATO mission began just over two months ago , started at about 1 a.m. and lasted more than 20 minutes , with alliance jets circling overhead and Libyan loyalist forces responding with anti-aircraft fire . Moussa Ibrahim , a Libyan government spokesman , said the attack targeted a guard compound for pro-Gadhafi military volunteers that had been emptied in anticipation . At least three people were killed and 150 wounded , Ibrahim said , calling the attack an escalation by NATO . Reporters felt and heard explosions from the airstrike that rocked the hotel housing members of the international media . Outbursts of gunfire , as well as ambulance sirens , could be heard in the streets . A NATO statement said the attack targeted a "  regime vehicle storage facility " adjacent to the Bab-al-Azizia compound using precision-guided weapons . The facility resupplies government forces that have been attacking Libyan civilians , according to the NATO statement . Gadhafi 's forces "  still represent a threat to civilians and we will continue to strike targets that carry out this violence , " said Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard of Canada , who commands the Libya operation . Journalists later visited a hospital where they reported they saw the bodies of three men , at least two covered in dust , and a number of injured people . CNN did not go on the hospital visit because of safety concerns . On Monday , forces loyal to Gadhafi attacked a rebel-held border crossing into Tunisia in a battle that resulted in nine deaths , according to the rebels ' military commander in Zintan , Hajj Osama . He said Gadhafi infantry who attacked rebels controlling the border post suffered eight fatalities ; one rebel fighter was killed . Food and fuel are shipped into Libya and wounded rebels are taken out for medical treatment via the crossing , which is literally a lifeline to the rebels , the rebel commander said . Since they were driven from the border checkposts by rebels more than two weeks ago , Gadhafi 's troops have been shelling the rebels ' nearby mountaintop holdouts to try to regain control of this vital artery . In the towns of Yefren and Algalaa , southwest of Tripoli , only about 1,000 residents remained of the usual population of 22,000 , said a local person who is in touch with rebels there . The military commander in Zintan , near the border with Tunisia , corroborated those numbers . They contrast with figures issued by the Libyan Committee for Humanitarian aid and Relief , which said 22,000 to 25,000 people remained trapped in the two towns , and that about 40,000 others had been displaced to other towns in the Nafusa Mountains , Tripoli and Tunisia . For the past two months , the towns ' dwindling numbers of residents have been enduring spartan living conditions -- without electricity or fuel and with only limited access to water , since Gadhafi forces control the region 's water wells and have contaminated some of them with oil , the committee said . Banks in Yefren and Algalaa have been closed since February 17 , which has led to a widespread shortage of cash , it added . The cities ' main water tank has been out of commission since it was damaged six weeks ago by missiles and no food supplies have entered the area since March 1 , it said . Snipers loyal to Gadhafi control access to the hospital in Yefren and most doctors have fled , it added . In other NATO efforts against Gadhafi forces Monday , an airstrike hit a Libyan army position outside the rebel town of Jadu in the western mountains , rebels in Zintan told CNN . The attack took place around noon  6 a.m. ET  , shortly after the Gadhafi forces at that position had launched Grad rockets into the rebel-held town , rebels said . NATO reported Monday that since its operation began on March 31 , it has flown 7,870 sorties , including 3,025 strike sorties , which are intended to identify and engage targets , but do not necessarily deploy munitions . On Sunday , a command-and-control center was hit near Tripoli and a missile support facility was struck near Al Khums , NATO said in a news release . Near Sirte , an ammunition storage facility was struck and , near Brega , a command-and-control facility was targeted , it said . A spokesman for France 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said France plans to add attack helicopters to the country 's arsenal in Libya , saying the aircraft would make "  more precise " strikes possible . Media reports said Britain also plans to use attack helicopters . A spokesman for Britain 's Ministry of Defense said only that , "  As with any military campaign , we are constantly reviewing our options alongside allies to enhance the capabilities available to NATO . " Nearly 600 migrants and wounded civilians arrived Monday afternoon in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi aboard a boat from the embattled city of Misrata , said the International Organization for Migration , which chartered the vessel . The boat 's arrival marked the seventh such mission carried out by the group since mid-April . The boat 's passengers included nearly 400 people from Niger as well as migrants from Nigeria , Chad , Sudan , Pakistan , Egypt , Bangladesh , Tunisia and seven Palestinians . The boat had arrived Saturday in Misrata carrying 280 tons of food aid and a field hospital . The developments came as the International Committee of the Red Cross appealed to donors for an additional $ 53 million "  to help the organization meet the urgent needs of people affected by the fighting in Libya . " "  As long as the conflict in Libya continues , the outlook for the coming months is dire , and living conditions may further deteriorate for a large percentage of the population , " said Boris Michel , ICRC head of operations for North and West Africa . The Council of the European Union reiterated its call Monday for the protection of civilians , a cease-fire and identifying Gadhafi as "  a threat to the Libyan people . " Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , was to detail on Monday meetings with Libya 's rebel leaders a day after opening an office in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . Ashton was to brief the EU 's foreign ministers about weekend meetings where she pledged support from the 27-nation union to the chairman of Libya 's Transitional National Council . "  I am here today to explain and be clear about the depth and breadth of our support in the European Union for the people of Libya , " Ashton said in a statement Sunday by the EU shortly after her meeting with Mustafa Abdul Jalil , the transitional council chairman . During the meeting , Ashton said she and Jalil discussed security reform , border management , the economy and civil society . Arrest warrants have been issued by the International criminal Court for Gadhafi and two relatives , linking them to "  widespread and systematic " attacks on civilians as they struggle to retain power in Libya . The court 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , has said that the court in The Hague will investigate allegations of institutionalized rape in the war-torn country . A Libyan government official told CNN that Gadhafi 's government welcomes the court 's investigation but said that prosecutors "  have not been to Libya to do an investigation . " Siham Sergewa , a Libyan psychologist , has been collecting reports of women reportedly raped and beaten by Gadhafi ` sforces that she says she is sharing with the criminal court . Sergewa told CNN 's Sara Sidner that she began collecting the reports after receiving a call from the mother of a patient in Ajdabiya , a town in eastern Libya that was the scene of some of the earliest fighting between rebels and government forces . The mother told Sergewa that she had been abducted by three or four men and taken to the desert where she was raped . Since then , Sergewa told CNN she has collected surveys from more than 270 women at refugee camps along Libya 's borders with Egypt and Tunisia who allege they were assaulted by Gadhafi forces . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Amir Ahmed , Nic Robertson and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Compound for pro-Gadhafi volunteers was targeted It is one of the heaviest NATO attacks on Tripoli so far France to use attack helicopters , official says ; reports say UK also plans to The EU 's foreign policy chief pledges support to Libyan rebel government
CNN  -- "  The Nutcracker " ballet , as most North Americans know it , is about magic . A wooden toy transforms into a prince , mice and toy soldiers engage in battle , a little girl journeys to a sugar-coated paradise where she is treated to a series of decadent dances . But does it need more magic , Carolina Ballet director Robert Weiss wondered , prompting a search for ways to make his company 's version of the classic George Balanchine staging of the ballet more "  magical . " "  I 've always felt the magic in ` Nutcracker ' was rather bland , and that if we could get a real first-class magician to come in and help us figure out how we could enhance the show , it would really take the whole ballet and kick it up a notch , " said Weiss . "  The whole thing is about magic , it 's Clara 's dream , so the more magical we make it , the better , " he said , watching a dancer attached to cables float across the stage of Chapel Hill 's Memorial Hall during final rehearsals last month . From Russia to Raleigh with love : Teaching ` Nutcracker ' in the South It was no small feat , but after months of planning and rehearsing with Las Vegas illusionist Rick Thomas , the show opened earlier this month featuring a levitating ballerina , flying Drosselmeyers and a few other surprises . The company also invested in glittering new sets for the first time since its inaugural "  Nutcracker " production in 2001 . In a career spanning nearly five decades as a dancer , teacher and company director , Weiss has played all the male Nutcracker roles except Drosselmeyer . Therefore , he was sensitive to concerns that introducing special effects would turn the show into Las Vegas-style fare . Those concerns were put to rest as soon as rehearsals began , the dancers said . "  They 're not flashy tricks or people doing gymnastics . They 're illusions that add to the story at just the right moments , " principal dancer Melissa Podcasy said . "  The story is intact , the choreography is the same , it just adds that element of visual wonder . " As the cash cow that allows many ballet companies to pursue projects with less mainstream appeal the rest of the year , "  Nutcracker " productions are constantly being refreshed and marketed in different ways to bring in larger crowds . Carolina Ballet 's use of illusions might represent this season 's most substantial modification of an existing production , but each company has its own means of reaching bigger audiences . National Ballet Canada continued its tradition of guest walk-ons during its Saturday performance with Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , who dressed as a Russian Petrouchka doll and shot a cannon into the audience to begin the battle scene in Act I . The New York City Ballet 's Nutcracker was broadcast Tuesday in movie theaters nationwide . Morning talk show personality Kelly Ripa hosted the live broadcast , which included backstage interviews and a visit to the School of American Ballet , the official school of the New York City Ballet and home to the young ballet students who perform in the production . A nationally televised broadcast followed on Wednesday evening on PBS ' "  Live from Lincoln Center . " Other companies organize extra events and activities to enhance their "  Nutcracker " experience . Attendees of the Pacific Northwest Ballet 's production , a collaboration between choreographer Kent Stowell and illustrator Maurice Sendak , can also enjoy a family brunch or a "  date night , " take their pictures with characters from the show or meet the Seafair Pirates . Not everyone in the arts world regards "  The Nutcracker " as a tradition worth embracing . In a 2009 Washington Post column , Sarah Kaufman wrote that "  to those of us who despair of its pervading tweeness and wish ballet had something better to do at this time of year than endlessly reminisce like a sweet , whiskery auntie , it bears some bad news , too . ` The Nutcracker 's ' stranglehold is all but squeezing ballet dry . " Regardless , companies in small cities like Raleigh rely on their adaptations of E.T.A. Hoffmann 's book "  The Nutcracker and the Mouse King " to introduce ballet to audiences that would n't attend otherwise . Amid the country 's economic slump , "  Nutcracker " ticket sales have gone down each year , making each investment all the more crucial , Weiss said . "  Ballet 's still an esoteric form to many , and for many , they do n't go to see Carolina Ballet , they go to see ` Nutcracker , ' " he said . "  Because we do n't have money , every decision we make is that much harder . We have to take a hard look at what we gain , " he said . "  Do we spend an extra $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 on lighting to get it at its highest level , or should we get a new snow machine because it 's not putting out as much as I 'd like ? " Weiss brought the idea of adding special effects to his board and convinced them that a little bit of magic was what they needed to get ticket sales back to pre-recession levels . He enlisted the aid of Thomas , a Las Vegas headliner known for incorporating tigers , birds and dancing into his long-running act . Weiss sent a video of the ballet with thoughts on where illusions could possibly fit in . From the start , he was firm that Thomas ' stunts could not alter the choreography or the music . They ended up with a dancing doll who floats a few feet above a table and dancers who suddenly pop out of empty boxes . The key was to create illusions that were convincing but easy for someone who 's not a "  true magician " to pull off , he said . From there , the dancers had to learn to interact with the stunts and engage the audience . "  I 'm overwhelmed to see how great the show turned out and how far the dancers have come , " he said . "  People think you have to go to Las Vegas to see great talent but it 's right here in North Carolina . "	Carolina Ballet introduces levitating ballerinas , disappearing dancers into show The company hired Las Vegas headliner Rick Thomas to coordinate illusions Ballet companies are constantly looking for ways to draw bigger crowds Toronto Mayor Rob Ford appeared in National Ballet Canada 's Nutcracker
CNN  -- Eighteen people , including two soldiers , were killed Saturday in a gunbattle between the Mexican army and organized-crime suspects in the Mexican resort town of Acapulco , the Mexican Ministry of Defense said Sunday . Mexican soldiers hold rifles Saturday during a clash with organized-crime suspects in Acapulco . The incident began about 7 p.m. , when the soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco "  to exploit information obtained through an anonymous tip , " the ministry said in a statement . The soldiers were met by gunfire , it said . Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout . Two soldiers and 16 gunmen were killed , and nine soldiers were wounded , the statement said . The gunmen were not identified , but the statement called them "  members of organized crime . " Authorities seized 36 large-caliber weapons , 13 small-caliber weapons , two grenade launchers , 13 fragmentation grenades , 3,525 rounds of various caliber ammunition , 180 charges and eight vehicles , the ministry said . CNN 's Arthur Brice and CNN en Espaol 's Luisa Calad contributed to this report .	Mexican soldiers , organized-crime suspects fight in Acapulco , authorities say Two soldiers , 16 "  members of organized crime " killed ; nine other soldiers wounded Five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons Soldiers were investigating anonymous tip , says Mexican Defense Ministry
CNN  -- Tony Dorsett recalls a 1984 game against the Philadelphia Eagles when he was streaking up the field and an opposing player slammed into him . One helmet plowed into another . Dorsett 's head snapped back , his helmet was knocked askew . "  He blew me up , " Dorsett told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  I do n't remember the second half of that game , but I do remember that hit . " Dorsett compared the hit to a freight train hitting a Volkswagen . These days Dorsett is worried about the cumulative effects of hits like the one Ray Ellis laid on him that day . In the past two years , Dorsett 's memory has given him increasing trouble . On Monday , doctors at UCLA told Dorsett , 59 , he has chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , the Hall of Famer said . CTE is a progressive degenerative brain disease found in some athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma . The only way to definitely diagnose CTE is after death , by analyzing brain tissue and finding microscopic clumps of an abnormal protein called tau , which has been found in the brains of dozens of former NFL players . Opinion : Why I 'm saying goodbye to football However , a pilot study at UCLA may have found tau in the brains of living retired players . Some scientists say finding the disease in the brains of living players is the "  holy grail " of CTE research , providing a means to diagnose and treat it , and the UCLA study may be an important first step . Using a scan called a positron emission tomography , or PET , typically used to measure nascent Alzheimer 's disease , researchers inject the players with a radioactive marker that travels through the body , crosses the blood-brain barrier and latches on to tau . Then , the players ' brains are scanned . "  We found  the tau  in their brains . It lit up , " Dr. Gary Small , professor of psychiatry at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA and lead author of the study , said in February . Dr. Joseph Maroon , a neurosurgeon who works with the Pittsburgh Steelers , cautioned Thursday that the CTE diagnoses of Dorsett  and two other living former players  need further study . "  This is very , very preliminary , " he told Sportsradio 93-7 The Fan in Pittsburgh . "  There are many , many causes of dementia or progressive memory loss , particularly when you get over 60 or 70 years of age . ... It 's something to obviously be concerned about , and the question is what can be done about it ? " Dorsett said the diagnosis explains a lot about his forgetting where he is driving and his mood swings . "  Memory loss , more so than anything it 's been my big deal , " he said . "  Sometimes you can have sensitivity to light and things like that . But my thing was not remembering . I 've been taking my daughters to practice for years and all of a sudden I forget how to get there . " His daughters are afraid , he said . They wonder which father they will get . Will he be the happy dad or the one in a bad mood . For others known to have had CTE , symptoms include depression , aggression and disorientation . In 2002 , Mike Webster , a Hall of Fame center for the Pittsburgh Steelers , was the first former NFL player to be diagnosed with CTE . After his retirement , Webster suffered from amnesia , dementia , depression and bone and muscle pain . What you need to know about concussions in the NFL Unlike Webster , who spent his career smashing into opposition linemen many times a game and in practice , Dorsett was a superfast running back who made his enemies miss by darting past them or with a quick spin to avoid contact . He won the Heisman Trophy as college football 's best player in 1976 and became an instant NFL star on the league 's most popular team , the Dallas Cowboys . He played 11 seasons and gained 12,739 yards , eighth best of all time . His 99-yard run in 1982 is an NFL record . He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1994 . Now he looks in a mirror and wonders . "  And I say who are you ? What are you becoming ? " he said . "  It 's very frustrating to be a person that 's been so outgoing , then all of a sudden , I 'm like a couch potato . " Other athletes have demonstrated erratic behavior , such as Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk , 36 , who died in a 2004 high-speed chase . Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Chris Henry died at age 26 after falling from the bed of a moving pickup during a fight with his fianc  e. Opinion : NFL takes good first step to protect players Some who showed signs of the disease have taken their own lives , including former Philadelphia Eagles defensive back Andre Waters , who shot himself in 2006 ; Terry Long , a former Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman who killed himself by drinking antifreeze ; and Junior Seau , the former linebacker who killed himself last year at the age of 43 . Dorsett said that wo n't happen to him . "  I 'm going to beat this . Trust me , " he said . Dorsett pins much of the blame for his health issues on team owners . He said a $ 765 million settlement of a concussion lawsuit with the NFL was not enough . "  I ca n't put a price on my health . The owners knew  about the dangers of concussions  for years and they looked the other way , and they kept putting us players in harm 's way . " The deal calls for the NFL to pay for medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses , according to a court document filed in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . The agreement still needs to be approved by the judge assigned to the case , which involved more than 4,500 plaintiffs . NFL concussion settlement raises questions	Tony Dorsett was a finesse running back who for 11 years often made opponents miss At 59 he has been told he has a brain disease usually diagnosed in dead players One neurosurgeon said there are different causes for memory loss , so more study is needed Dorsett says he is becoming a less outgoing person who has trouble remembering directions
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal may be most at home on a clay tennis court , but he has always found comfort on the sea . The "  King of Clay " has racked up countless titles on his favored surface , but hailing from the island of Majorca , the Balearic Sea has also been the scene for much personal enjoyment . There was no better way , then , for Nadal to gear up for this week 's ATP Monte-Carlo Masters than to sail around Monaco 's harbor while being treated to spectacular views of the Cote d'Azur coastline . The world No. 1 -- who is looking to reclaim his title in the Principality after Novak Djokovic ended his eight-year reign in 2013 -- jumped on board the Tuiga , manning the rudder and learning the ropes of how to sail the Yacht Club de Monaco 's flagship . "  It was a wonderful way to enjoy an afternoon , " Nadal told the ATP World Tour 's official website . "  It was a special experience for me . I am from an island , so the sea , the sails and everything involved means a lot to me . " Nadal , who will also be looking to avenge last month 's Miami Masters final defeat to Djokovic , still lives in the Majorcan town of Manacor where he was born . But while the 27-year-old is more likely to be found on a motor boat than a sailing ship in the waters outside his house , his experience in Monte Carlo has left a lasting impression on him . "  I spend a lot of time on the sea when I 'm at home , especially in the summer . I live in front of the sea and the port is three minutes from my home , " he said . "  I do n't go sailing very often . I go more often on a motor boat . I do n't have much time at the moment for sailing , maybe in the future . "  The way that the crew are working together to make the boat perfect and go faster is amazing . Everybody works for one goal . It 's a special thing . " Nadal is due to open his bid for a ninth Monte-Carlo Masters title Wednesday and he will be hoping to add to this season 's previous wins at the Qatar Open and Rio Open . Djokovic , meanwhile , started the defense of his crown Tuesday with a straight-sets win over Spanish qualifier Albert Montanes , winning 6-1 6-0 in the second-round match after receiving an opening bye . The world No. 2 comes into the tournament on a 10-match winning streak , having won back-to-back Masters titles at the U.S. hard-court events in Indian Wells and Miami . He is aiming to become only the fifth player to successfully defend his title in Monte-Carlo , following Bjorn Borg , Thomas Muster , Juan Carlos Ferrero and Nadal . French ninth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also won his second-round match , beating Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-4 1-6 6-4 . Tsonga 's compatriot Gilles Simon crashed out , losing his first-round tie 4-6 6-4 6-4 to Russian qualifier Teimuraz Gabashvili . Another Frenchman to taste defeat on Tuesday was Jeremy Chardy . The world No. 48 was comfortably beaten 6-3 6-0 by sixth seed David Ferrer . Tomas Berdych is another seed safely through after the no. 5 battled from a break down in both sets to defeat Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov 7-5 6-4 in one hour and 40 minutes . The Czech has reached at least the semifinals in four of his six tournaments in 2014 .	Rafael Nadal helps sail the Tuiga around the Monte-Carlo harbor Tennis star is in Monaco for the ATP Monte-Carlo Masters The Spaniard is looking to reclaim the title after losing out to Novak Djokovic last year World No. 2 Djokovic wins his opening match in straight sets on Tuesday
CNN  -- It is by no accident that the AIDS Memorial Quilt -- which now measures more than 50 miles laid side by side and weighs 54 tons -- is gracing the National Mall in Washington this weekend as the global HIV and AIDS community gathers nearby for the XIX International AIDS Conference  AIDS 2012  . As scientists , doctors , and program experts articulate a new and hopeful AIDS narrative at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center , the Quilt will serve as a not-so-gentle reminder that this devastating disease continues to claim the lives of too many , too soon . The Quilt lends voice and volume to the nearly 94,000 individuals whose names are lovingly sewn into panels by more than 100,000 friends and family members -- and symbolically to the 1.2 million people living with HIV/AIDS in this country alone . Due to its vastness , The Quilt blankets the national capital region , with sections of the tapestry on display in 50 other host venues throughout the area . Today , worldwide , more than 34 million people now live with HIV/AIDS , and 3.4 million of them are under the age of 15 . Every day more than 7,000 people contract HIV $ " nearly 300 every hour . The global numbers are staggering , but so are some of the numbers in the hardest-hit cities in this country . Indeed , recent research shows some U.S. cities have HIV rates that rival Africa in their magnitude . Opinion : End the HIV stigma Yet behind the cold statistics , there are faces and stories with legacies . The faces on the Quilt are our fathers , mothers , brothers , and sisters . They are our aunts and uncles , grandparents , daughters , sons , neighbors , our doctors and ministers , our best friends , and co-workers . And , after the tears that are shed for them subside , they are celebrated with lace and mink and bubble wrap ... with pearls and buttons , and their favorite T-shirt or logo stitched into the 3-by-6-foot panels , roughly the size of a human grave . These are the stories and lives that together make up the world 's largest living work of folk art . Throughout its 25-year history , this masterpiece created "  by the people , for the people " has been used to fight prejudice , and to raise awareness and funding for direct service and advocacy groups . The Quilt is a catalyst and conduit , a tool for healing and grief therapy , a springboard for frank dialogue , both civic and private . It gives voice to far too many lives lost , telling us that never again should we ever leave a community in need and dying , ignored and uncared for . It is a stark reminder that we can never forget that we are all inextricably linked in life . In America : A quilt displays an American tragedy More than 20 million individuals around the world have attended displays and witnessed the extraordinary power , beauty , love , rage and sorrow of this multitude of voices . The Quilt 's powerful lessons and poignant imagery provide compelling evidence that HIV/AIDS can happen to anyone , anywhere , at any age . What started out as an activist action has become a powerful voice with artistic and cultural expression , now considered an American Treasure by an act of Congress . It is indeed difficult to walk away from the Quilt , whether a single panel , a block , or miles of expressions of love on material , unmoved . And yet , unfortunately , almost every day , a new panel arrives at the NAMES Project Foundation , which curates , cares for and manages the Quilt . Each new panel is then added to the Quilt and helps to advance the cause of human rights and social justice . In 1988 , a lone panel was delivered quietly to the NAMES Project in Atlanta . Unlike any other panel among the tens of thousands of panels made at that time , this special panel arrived simply with a handwritten note that read : "  I hope this quilt will find a permanent place and help mark the end of this devastating disease . " The panel itself was stark in design , white letters on a black background , simply saying "  The Last One . " In the decades since this panel was left on our doorstep , we have held on to it with hopeful anticipation that we would one day reach "  The Last One . " We unveiled this panel publicly for the first time on the National Mall during our opening ceremony Saturday .  It will remain on display until Wednesday .  We did so with heavy hearts , with hopeful hearts , but we still ca n't yet stitch it into the Quilt . Not until we see the last new infection , the last AIDS case , the last death from AIDS , the last one left orphaned , the last person to face discrimination for living with HIV . In the meantime , as AIDS 2012 goes about its mission to push the boundaries of science and medicine to find an end to the HIV/AIDS epidemic , we will continue to preserve , care for , and use the AIDS Memorial Quilt to foster healing , to be a bully pulpit for social justice and , most important , to inspire action in the age of AIDS and beyond . Everyone can help us live to honor "  The Last One . " Educate , help prevent infection , be an advocate , volunteer in the many communities around the country who host displays , donate to keep hope alive . Only then will we know our work -- like the work of our scientists and researchers the world over -- by our artists and advocates , communities and corporate partners , friends and family members was not in vain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julie Rhoad .	The AIDS Memorial Quilt is on display this weekend in the National Mall Julie Rhoad : Quilt serves as reminder that AIDS continues to claim lives She says one day in the battle against AIDS , we will reach "  The Last One " Rhoad : In the meantime , we can work together to help prevent HIV infections
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Since the Democrats chose to host their convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , in a state that has not been hospitable to unions , organized labor is going to have a rally to focus attention on its key issues in Philadelphia on August 11 . The rally is meant to send a message to the Democratic leadership , as well as to Republicans , that many workers feel as if they do n't have a voice in the two-party system . As AFL-CIO President Rich Trumka said to members , the rally will "  give us an opportunity to connect the faces of ordinary Americans to the basic issues affecting working people in our country while providing an important liftoff to our Labor 2012 political program for the fall . " The rally is indicative of a larger tension that has plagued the Democratic coalition for several decades . Since the 1960s , organized labor , once the pillar of the Democratic Party , has often been taken for granted or even treated with hostility . Senate Republicans block DISCLOSE Act for 2nd straight day Union leaders frequently complain that they have second-class status in the party compared with other groups such as environmentalists or suburban voters . During the battle over public employee unions in Wisconsin , most national Democrats were noticeably absent from the debate . Before the Wisconsin gubernatorial election that followed the recall , President Obama was willing to tweet his support for Gov. Scott Walker 's opponent , Tom Barrett , but unwilling to actually visit . This fissure has high costs for the Democrats and for liberalism more generally . Organized labor has been integral to the organizational strength of liberalism throughout the 20th century , as the most reliable and powerful force to get out the vote in elections and to help build congressional coalitions behind progressive legislation . The alliance , which formed when the AFL helped President Woodrow Wilson during the early stages of World War I , flourished during the New Deal . Democrats won the support of workers as a result of the surge of legislation that helped working - and middle-class Americans find economic security . The Wagner Act  1935  cemented this marriage as the federal government legitimated the right of workers to organize in unions . Labor leaders like Sidney Hillman from the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America , who helped found the CIO , established the first political action committee to help FDR win re-election in 1944 . During World War II , most of the major unions were a key part of the homeland effort , assisting the administration as it moved to convert factories to wartime production . In 1948 , President Harry Truman would not have won re-election had it not been for organized labor , which in the final weeks of the campaign mobilized its troops to defeat New York Gov. Thomas Dewey . "  Labor did it ! " cried Truman , who won the vote of 89 % of the automobile workers , recounted historian Nelson Lichtenstein . Although a Republican was in the White House for most of the 1950s , organized labor helped a growing number of liberal Democrats win office in the House and Senate . They promoted proposals for civil rights and health insurance for the elderly that gradually gained support in the House and Senate . In addition to supporting Lyndon 's Johnson 's election campaign in 1964 , the AFL-CIO , which had formed in 1955 when the two major coalitions of unions decided to merge , proved integral to lobbying for Johnson 's domestic proposals . George Meany , the president of the AFL-CIO , and Walter Reuther , the vice president of the AFL-CIO and the head of the United Auto Workers , were regular visitors to the White House , helping Johnson not only with bills directly related to labor but with other parts of his domestic agenda , ranging from the War on Poverty to civil rights . When he feared there were not enough votes among Democrats for the war on poverty , LBJ relied on organized labor to pressure business in Pennsylvania to push liberal Republicans in the state to support the bill . Even Jimmy Carter , who in 1976 ran as an outsider and railed against traditional Democratic interests , depended on unions to bring out the vote and on unionized workers to vote for him in key industrial states for his victory on election day . The relationship between labor and Democrats frayed after the 1970s . One of the reasons was that organized labor simply lost much of its muscle . Membership declined dramatically from the highs of 30 % of the work force in the 1950s and the 1960s to a little over 12 % today . With fewer members , more Democrats were tempted to look elsewhere to build their electoral muscle . Organized labor also suffered as Democrats reached out more aggressively to different constituencies , middle class suburbanites , consumer activists , young Americans and African-Americans , who did n't have as much connection to unions and often saw them as an "  entrenched interest " that did n't have the best interest of the party in mind . These tensions started to play out in the 1972 election , when Meany endorsed Richard Nixon rather than Democrat George McGovern . Some working-class Americans proved to be more conservative on cultural issues and often opposed to civil rights policies that Democrats had promoted . And some union leaders felt that Democrats were becoming too dovish on foreign policy . The tensions continued to affect the electorate through the 2008 primary , when Hillary Clinton tried to appeal to working-class Democrats who felt that Obama favored other factions in the party . Finally , the expansion and strengthening of the lobbying world since the 1970s vastly increased the number of interest groups who favored business . These groups provided financial support to members of both parties and often made it difficult for Democrats to take a pro-union stand . But Democrats ca n't afford to lose the enthusiastic support of organized labor . Of all the groups in the Democratic coalition , labor remains the one with the greatest ground force and organizational strength -- and which represents a constituency rather than a particular issue  like the environment  -- that can help Democrats sustain a broad coalition . During Obama 's struggle with Congress over health care , labor was essential in the final days of the congressional vote to convincing unhappy liberals to support a bill even without a public option . In this election , labor will be integral in the handful of swing states that will determine the outcome . With heightened economic inequality and high rates of unemployment , unions have the ability to have even greater resonance with the electorate . Obama and the Democratic Party will suffer unless the party starts to demonstrate that the concerns of working Americans are more than campaign rhetoric but are , in fact , a defining feature of their party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Unions are planning rally August 11 to promote agenda before conventions Julian Zelizer : Labor believes neither party has acted with their best interest in mind For decades , Democrats have had a standoffish attitude to labor unions , he says Zelizer : Democrats must have labor 's support , with all of its organizational power
CNN  -- Over the past few weeks some of the biggest names in world football have been guests on CNNFC . They include former World Cup winning defender Marcel Desailly , his French international colleague David Ginola and strikers supreme Ruud Gullit and Michael Owen . While from tennis , the legendary Boris Becker popped in to give his views as an avid football fan . Each week we 've been asking our guests to sign our CNNFC shirt and Champions League ball . Bid on the ball Bid on the shirt We 're donating both of these to UNICEF , and they will be auctioning them off to help fund their invaluable work in Syria . Syria 's violence has now entered its third year , devastating childhoods for millions of children . In refugee camps and inside Syria , UNICEF is providing children and their families with the basics they need to survive . For full details of UNICEF 's special CNNFC auction click here . Very soon you could be the proud owner of this prized memorabilia while helping UNICEF in their life saving efforts .	CNNFC shirt and Champions League ball up for grabs in auction Some of the biggest names in football have signed the items UNICEF will be using the proceeds to fund work in Syria
CNN  -- On the Internet , a truly private conversation is hard to come by . Personal communications on apps , e-mail and social networks are very much an open book , and they leave a trail of personal data that can potentially be accessed by criminals , corporations and government agencies . No wonder more and more people are using apps whose messages quickly disappear from phones once they 've been read . Take Wickr , a self-destructing messaging app that takes security very seriously . The free app has been available on iOS for a little more than a year and on Monday , it expanded its reach to a wider audience with an Android version . Like the better-known Snapchat  and the lesser-known Poke  , messages on Wickr live briefly before supposedly vanishing forever from your phone and the prying eyes of computer servers . There are many security advantages to this type of communication . The format makes it difficult for recipients to share , forward and spread messages . Any sensitive photos or texts have a better chance of not becoming a permanent artifact on the Internet . They are also deleted from the companies ' servers  or in the case of Wickr , never stored on a company server  , making it difficult for hackers , criminals or government agencies to retrieve old conversations . Snapchat has become hugely popular in the past year . Its users now send more than 350 million photos a day . The company has played down the security advantages of self-destructing messages , focusing instead on the playful aspects of the "  ephemeral " messaging trend , like having fun and living in the moment . Fairly or not , the service has also developed a reputation as a platform for sexting . "  Snapchat is not a great way to send photos you want to keep safe and secure , " said Snapchat co-founder Evan Spiegel at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference last week . He cited the ability of recipients to take screenshots and of hackers to access content as reasons the platform was n't safe for "  inappropriate photos . " Wickr was developed by computer-security experts and has some heavy-duty layers of security to keep communications anonymous and private . Each message -- whether text , photo , video or voice -- is encrypted with a one-time-use unique key , and only the sender and Wickr users have those keys . Any telling metadata is stripped out when you send attachments , and deleted messages are forensically erased , or "  shredded , " from your device . "  No security is 100 % , but we are the best available , " said Nico Sell , CEO and co-founder of Wickr . Wickr also has a few more messaging features than the minimalist Snapchat . You can choose to let messages live for days , not just seconds . The iOS app can send encrypted attachments , though you can not yet send PDF attachments on the Android version . Wickr 's founders frequently test the app with their own network of well-known hackers , and as well as with a tougher crowd : kids . "  We really made it to try and protect them from the permanence of the Internet , " said Sell , whose own children use the app . There are always security risks . If your phone is compromised , a hacker could track keystrokes while you are typing out messages . People are another potential weak link -- someone could steal your phone while you are logged in . Or the person on the receiving end of your messages could violate your trust and share the information . "  You have to remember , there 's no magic pill for betrayers , " said Sell . Unlike Snapchat , Wickr does n't give a notification when someone captures a screenshot . It 's difficult to take one , and the company thought a notification would give users a false sense of security . Wickr does n't just want to take on Snapchat , it also hopes to be an alternative to Facebook Messenger , Skype and free International texting tools like WhatsApp . Typical online-communication tools store information on servers indefinitely . That can include the content of messages , participants in the conversation , time stamps and even location information . Many of the companies that host the messages , like Google and Facebook , make their money on personal data which they use to sell targeted ads . They are n't invested in keeping your personal data private because it 's not smart business . Wickr has a different type of business plan that is n't based on personal data . The app is free , but eventually the company will charge its power users for in-app purchases , such as paying for a message to live forever . In a year filled with increased awareness of cybersecurity and the government 's ability to snoop on digital communications , Wickr 's anonymous , highly secure communication may be a killer feature all on its own .	Wickr is a self-destructing messaging app created by computer-security experts Snapchat has played down the security of its similar app in the past Messages sent using Wickr are anonymous and encrypted
CNN  -- Beatles star Paul McCartney became the latest high-profile figure to sign a letter calling on Scottish voters to choose to remain part of the United Kingdom in a vote on independence next month . Other famous signatories to the so-called "  Letter to Scotland , " organized by the Let 's Stay Together campaign , include Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger , physicist Stephen Hawking , actress Dame Judi Dench and celebrity TV producer Simon Cowell . The campaign describes itself as a UK-wide effort giving a voice to "  everyone who does n't have a vote in the decision to break up Britain . " Anyone living in Scotland who is aged 16 and over on September 18 will be able to vote in the referendum . However , Scots living outside Scotland do n't have a vote , nor do the residents of England , Wales and Northern Ireland . Scotland has been part of the United Kingdom for more than 300 years . McCartney added his name to the open letter while the campaign was canvassing for support in Liverpool . National treasure Addressed to the voters of Scotland , the letter reads : "  The decision on whether to leave our shared country is , of course , absolutely yours alone . "  Nevertheless , that decision will have a huge effect on all of us in the rest of the United Kingdom . "  We want to let you know how very much we value our bonds of citizenship with you , and to express our hope that you will vote to renew them . "  What unites us is much greater than what divides us . Let 's stay together . " "  We are absolutely delighted to be able to have Sir Paul 's support for Let 's Stay Together , as he is not only a national treasure but somebody who loves Scotland for what it is : a beautiful and inspiring country , and one that we are proud to count as part of the United Kingdom , " a post on the Let 's Stay Together blog said . McCartney , who owns a farm in Scotland , co-wrote the hit song "  Mull of Kintyre " there in 1977 with his band Wings , formed after the Beatles split . ` Bad for business ' On Wednesday , more than 120 business leaders , employing 50,000 people in Scotland , published an open letter in The Scotsman newspaper in which they said the "  business case " for separation had not been made . "  Uncertainty surrounds a number of vital issues including currency , regulation , tax , pensions , EU membership and support for our exports around the world ; and uncertainty is bad for business , " it said . Prime Minister David Cameron backed their appeal in a speech Thursday to business leaders in Glasgow . "  Scottish businesses deserve the security and opportunities a United Kingdom brings , " he said on Twitter . The "  Yes " campaign , led by the Scottish National Party , has its own celebrity backers who are calling for independence , such as Sean Connery and fellow Scottish actors Brian Cox and Alan Cumming , and comedian Frankie Boyle . Scotland 's First Minister and SNP leader Alec Salmond has been a vocal proponent of independence . The Scottish government , led by the Scottish National Party , says this is a "  once-in-a-generation opportunity " for Scotland 's people to take control of the decisions that affect them most . Scotland independence debate heats up ahead of referendum	Paul McCartney signs an open letter urging Scotland to stick with the United Kingdom "  We want to let you know how very much we value our bonds of citizenship , " the letter says Scotland is holding a referendum on independence on September 18 Anyone over 16 living in Scotland has a vote , but residents of other UK countries do not
Washington  CNN  -- Citing economic progress and other achievements , President Barack Obama on Friday rejected the contention that 2013 was the worst year of his presidency . Polls show Obama 's approval rating at record lows for the nearly five years he 's been in office , but he told reporters at a year-end news conference that his concern is whether things are getting better for the American people . "  If you 're measuring this by polls , my polls have gone up and down a lot through the course of my career , " Obama said . "  If I was interested in polling , I would n't have run for President . " Instead , he cited continuing economic growth after the recession he inherited when he took office in January 2009 and other progress , such as more than 1 million people signing up for health insurance so far under the controversial reforms he championed . "  That is a big deal . That 's why I ran for this office , " Obama said . Nagging controversies Later in the news conference that lasted just over an hour , he shrugged off persistent questions about controversies involving Obamacare , government surveillance and other issues with a rudimentary summation of how he sees his administration 's role . "  We get this privilege for a pretty short period of time to do as much as we can for as many people as we can to help them live better lives , " Obama said . At the end , he wished the assembled journalists happy holidays and walked out a few hours before the first family 's trip to Hawaii on Friday night . Obama ca n't be sad to see 2013 ending . His legislative agenda outlined in his inauguration address last January after winning re-election and his State of the Union speech a few weeks later made little headway in the divided Congress . Classified leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden disclosed details of U.S. surveillance efforts that raised questions about whether the government spied on its own people . Then came the botched rollout in October of the new HealthCare.gov website . Instead of cementing Obama 's legacy as the President who helped uninsured Americans get affordable health coverage , the dysfunctional website opened the 2010 Affordable Care Act to a new wave of attacks by Republicans seeking to dismantle the reforms . Obama frustration Obama acknowledged the website problems caused "  great frustration , " but he rejected GOP claims the overall reform law was failing and should be scrapped . Asked what was his biggest mistake of 2013 , the President cited the website woes and accepted responsibility , saying : "  Since I 'm in charge , obviously we screwed it up . " Another disappointment cited by the President was the inability to get any of his main legislative priorities of 2013 passed by Congress , and he called for 2014 to be a "  year of action " on immigration reform , job creation , expanded background checks on gun purchasers and extending long-term unemployment benefits . "  We head into next year with an economy that 's stronger than it was at the start of the year , " Obama said . "  I firmly believe that 2014 can be a breakthrough year for America . " Noting a compromise budget agreement recently passed by Congress after two years of partisan impasses on government spending , Obama said : "  It 's probably too early to declare an outbreak of bipartisanship , but it 's also fair to say that we 're not condemned to endless gridlock . " However , he refused to budge in his rejection of Republican calls for concessions in return for their agreement to increase the federal borrowing limit -- known as the debt ceiling -- when required as soon as early March . "  No , we 're not going to negotiate for Congress to pay bills that it has accrued , " Obama said . "  It is not a negotiating tool . " NSA snooping Asked about the NSA surveillance , Obama defended the government collection of telephone metadata -- records of the time and numbers called with no information on content -- revealed by Snowden 's classified leaks . He said he would make "  a pretty definitive " decision in January on recommendations from an independent panel that advised stronger oversight and transparency for the surveillance network without dismantling it . However , Obama added that "  what is also clear from the public debate , people are concerned about the possibility of abuse , " such as someone listening in on their phone calls . "  This is only going to work if the American people have confidence and trust , " he said , adding there had been no alleged instances of the NSA acting beyond its legal authority in the use of data it collects . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We screwed it up , " Obama says of health care website woes He said the United States is heading into next year with a stronger economy Obama 's 41 % approval rating in a new CNN/ORC poll ties a record low for him Polls go up and down , President Obama says , while his concern is helping people
CNN  -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s . Here is a timeline of key dates in Mladic 's involvement in military action in the former Yugoslavia , his subsequent indictment for war crimes and the efforts to bring him to justice . 1992 : After helping found the Serbian Democratic Party in 1990 , Bosnian Serb Radovan Karadzic declares a new independent Serbian Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina and proclaims himself president . Mladic gets command of the Bosnian Serb army which the majority of Bosnia and Herzegovina . His troops reportedly massacre more than 200,000 Muslims and Croats . April 23 , 1995 : The United Nations International Criminal Tribunal names Karadzic and Mladic as suspected war criminals . July 11 , 1995 : In what becomes known as the Srebrenica massacre , Karadzic and his army allegedly slaughter between 6,000 and 8,000 Muslims over the course of two days in a supposed U.N. safe area . July 24 , 1995 : The U.N. Tribunal indicts both Karadzic and Mladic on several charges , including war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity . November 16 , 1995 : A second indictment against Karadzic and Mladic brings charges of genocide and crimes against humanity for the Srebrenica massacre . November 21 , 1995 : An agreement struck in Dayton , Ohio , gives Serbs half of Bosnia . They are required to cooperate with the U.N. war crimes court . 1997 : Karadzic believed to be in permanent hiding after not being seen for more than a year . June 28 , 2001 : Former Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic is handed over to U.N. Tribunal . July 21 , 2008 : Karadzic arrested after more than a decade as a fugitive from war crimes charges . June 16 , 2010 : Mladic 's family launches court proceedings to have him legally declared dead saying he had been in poor health and there had been no contact with him . October 28 , 2010 : Serbia raises its reward for information leading to Mladic 's arrest from $ 1 million to $ 14 million . May 26 , 2011 : Serbian President Boris Tadic announces the arrest of Mladic .	Ratko Mladic rose to prominence in 1992 as commander of Bosnian Serb army Mladic was the highest-ranking Yugoslav war crimes suspect still at large He is wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder
CNN  -- Imagine if Dear Abby had been a Cuban feminist living in New York 's Spanish Harlem . Imagine she was a lesbian with gravitas , an immigrant rights activist with spunk , sass and a wickedly mischievous sense of humor -- and you have Dolores Prida , an advice columnist widely known and beloved in the Latino community . She died this weekend , at 69 , and her dignified and elegant persona , her significance in New York 's theater world , its artistic community , Hispanic life , and journalism can not be overstated , even if you 've never heard of her . An oldest of three children , Ms. Prida , who was born in a Cabairin , Cuba , came to New York City in 1961 with her siblings and parents , and before long worked in the theater . She would go on to be a playwright , and among the most important plays she wrote was "  Beautiful Seoritas , " a searing exploration of the role of women in society . It was written two decades ago , but many of the issues that plagued women then , particularly immigrant women , are still being negotiated today : how to balance the desire for a meaningful career with being a mother and wife when you 're stuck in traditional , strict , and suffocating gender roles . She also taught classes at several colleges and wrote political columns for the New York Daily News and El Diario . But it was in her role as the voice behind Latina magazine 's advice column , Dolores Dice ,  Dolores Says  where Ms. Prida 's generous spirit , lyrical eloquence and playful wit would find its glory . I had the pleasure of hiring her when I was Latina 's editor-in-chief 15 years ago . Though the column name was a sweet coincidence -- a play on the Spanish verb for pain , dolor -- once Ms. Prida took it over in the spring of 1998 , it took fabulous form . This was the Hispanic woman 's answer to Dear Abby . Ms. Prida gave the column guts and grit . In one of her last responses , published in the current issue of Latina , a woman from Texas who described herself as being "  white and Puerto Rican " longed to be proud of her heritage . News : Dolores Prida , "  Latina Dear Abby , " dies Ms. Prida 's response : "  When you say you can pass for either , ` depending on how I dress , wear make up and do my hair , ' you are stereotyping yourself based on an imagined cultural identity centered on looks and behaviors . Latinas do not wear their hair or behave in any particular way . We come in every shape and form . Be yourself . " The zinger ? "  And stop hanging out with people who judge you based on your hairstyle or outburst of sassiness . Let them think whatever . " In a 1998 column that was vintage Dolores , a reader sought advice : "  I 'm married , but I 've fallen in love with the young man who works at the corner store . He does n't know it yet . I do n't know what to do . -- Iris . " The answer ? "  Dear Iris : Do your shopping elsewhere . Pronto ! " -- Dolores " Ms. Prida 's work as an advice columnist was remarkable because of the many lenses through which she viewed life , among them : immigrant , Cuban exile , poet , community activist , sister , friend , mentor , immigrant rights advocate , lesbian , cook , smartass -- a candid soul filled with wisdom and fully-lived experiences . She 'd been born in 1943 and she delivered good old-fashioned wisdom for women of the 21st century . It 's almost a poetic irony that a woman whose name in Spanish means many pains brought so many of us so much joy and light . Hours before dying of a heart attack , Ms. Prida celebrated the 20th anniversary of LIPS , "  Latinas In Power , Sort Of , " a women 's group that we are both part of . But there is nothing "  sort of " about this unofficial group of gals . Among its members are a publisher of a large metro newspaper , several Emmy and Pulitzer winners , writers , lawyers , producers . There 's even a Justice in the group , as in Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who decided to pay a surprise visit that night to toast our enduring friendships . Near midnight Ms. Prida complained of a slight stomachache and left quietly , as if not to disturb the flow . She did not say goodbye , but earlier in the evening she 'd revealed to the group that she would be 70 this year . She could hardly believe it herself . Neither could we . She looked radiant and bursting with energy and ideas . A few blocks from her house , we later learned , she called her sister and asked her to pick her up , as she was not feeling well . Her sister found her . During the ride to the hospital , the paramedics asked her name , and Ms. Prida instead of repeating her information , responded by telling them that she was just at a party and she was dancing -- that she was dancing for joy . She died several hours later at Mount Sinai Hospital , surrounded by her two sisters and niece . She 'd been working on a book , "  How to Become an American in 100 Films " and told me that finishing was a challenge because she was n't sure she wanted to include modern flicks . She did n't care much for them ; she loved the black and white classics . Of course she did : Classic , like her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandra Guzman	Sandra Guzman : Dolores Prida , advice columnist , "  Latina Dear Abby , " died at 69 She says Guzman was Renaissance woman : playwright , activist , feminist Her plays spoke to Latina experience in U.S. ; Her advice columns were wise , frank , witty Guzman : Her last hours were joyous , spent with friends ; she brought many joy and light
Washington  CNN  -- The Nuclear Regulatory Commission told Congress on Thursday that the likelihood of a Fukushimi Daiichi-type event in the United States is "  very , very small . " However , it said an ongoing study of the Japanese disaster will probably lead to changes to increase safety at the nation 's 104 commercial power plants . The commission said , in a nutshell , it expects to require nuclear plants to be prepared for bigger natural disasters , to survive longer power outages and to consider the possibility of simultaneous disasters affecting multiple reactors , as happened in Japan . Commissioner George Apostolakis said one of the lessons of Fukushima is "  humility . " "  I believe that , as a community of safety analysts , we were pretty confident that there would be no new surprises , " Apostolakis said . "  Fukushima has challenged that belief . " Commissioners said the commission 's core safety concept , a belts-and-suspenders policy called "  Defense in Depth , " is sound . The policy requires power plant designers and operators to have multiple , redundant layers of defense to respond to failures so that no single layer of response is relied on . They also endorsed support for regulations that require plants to be designed to withstand the strongest natural disasters on record for that location , with an added margin of safety . But while voicing support for both concepts , some commissioners said "  Defense in Depth " needs to be deeper and margins of safety wider . Currently , emergency plans for most U.S. nuclear reactors envision one nuclear reactor being in danger . At Fukushima , all four operating reactors were affected by the tsunami that followed an earthquake in March . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission also requires plans to evacuate a 10-mile zone around power plants , but U.S. authorities recommended that U.S. citizens within 50 miles of Fukushima evacuate . Japan to hand out radiation meters to children "  If there 's an overall lesson we can learn from this , I think that is you ca n't ... predict everything that will happen in the future . You ca n't predict every earthquake , every tsunami , but ... you have to be able to recover from whatever happens , " Commissioner William Magwood IV said . Currently , a Nuclear Regulatory Commission task force is midway through a 90-day review of the Fukushima incident , searching for lessons that can quickly be applied to U.S. plants . The 90-day study , to be released July 19 , will be followed by a lengthier study involving more long-term changes . At a hearing before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , commissioners discussed some of the lessons learned . They include : -- The commission needs to evaluate its "  station blackout " rule concerning how power plants deal with the loss of electrical power , Commissioner William Ostendorff said . "  I think that the commission will probably receive from the task force perhaps some recommendations in this area , " he said . -- Backup batteries used to power control room functions during blackouts are insufficient , Apostolakis said . "  Clearly , the main message from Fukushima is that four hours , or sometimes eight , is not sufficient , " he said . "  Interestingly enough , when the requirement of four or longer hours was put in place , it was actually a conservative estimate .  Regulators  looked at the time it took to recover AC power  during a blackout  . The average was about two hours , so to be conservative , they doubled it . And now we have this accident that shows its very inadequate , so that 's certainly something we have to look into . " -- The commission needs to consider the impact that spent-fuel pool problems can have during a larger event , Chairman Gregory Jaczko said . "  I think we 've had a singular focus , perhaps , on reactor safety in the event of accidents and not put enough attention into considering the impact of spent fuel pools  on the response  , " he said . -- The commission needs to consider staging of emergency and back-up equipment . After the September 11 terrorist attacks , the commission required plants to stage auxiliary diesel generators near nuclear plants , Magwood said . "  We require those units to be just a very short distance away from , say , reactor buildings . Clearly , if we had those procedures in place and had experienced a Fukushima-type event , that equipment would have been wiped out along with a lot of the other side equipment . That was a significant revelation for me and something I think we have to address , " he said . -- The commission needs to review first-responder communication capabilities . "  It 's always very difficult to have communication in a crisis situation , and I think that 's an area that we can always be exercising and improving , " Commissioner Kristine Svinicki commission . Commissioners also said the agency must study what led to the hydrogen explosions that plagued Fukushima but said not enough is known about the incident to recommend changes . "  We 've always asked ourselves the question , ` Are the plants still safe ? Is there anything we need to do today to address that ? ' And the answer continues to be ` No , ' " Jaczko said . "  We want to get good information ,  and  we have time to do that . "  The likelihood of something like this happening in the United States is still very , very small , because these are really very , very unlikely types of events , " he said . Jaczko said the current 90-day review "  may seem like a very long time ,  but  to the people doing the review , it 's going by in a millisecond . " "  But it 's important that we get it right , and I think that so far , they are looking at all the right things , " he said .	Commissioners tell Congress of potential changes to power plants "  Humility " among lessons of Japan 's disaster , commissioner says They say the present core safety concept is sound
London  CNN  -- His ambition was to get a six-pack before he turned 25 years old . With just nine months to go , time was running out . In his quest for a healthier lifestyle , Edwin Broni-Mensah embarked on a grueling fitness regime requiring him to consume four to five liters of water a day . And from this sparked an an idea that could improve access to water not just in the his native UK , but also 4,000 miles away in Ghana . "  Britain has  some of the best water in the world . And yet once you leave your house , you are encouraged to drink it out of a plastic bottle rather than just being able to get free water , " says Broni-Mensah . "  So I thought ` How can I improve on people 's accessibility  in the UK  , get a six pack simultaneously and then help provide that same benefit to people around the world ? " he chuckles The Manchester-based PhD student 's response was to launch GiveMeTap -- a sustainable water scheme where people can buy stainless steel water bottles and refill them using a network of cafes and restaurants across Britain . Using this concept , Broni-Mensah aimed to cut down plastic waste and use the profits from the sale of GiveMeTap water bottles to build water projects in Africa . "  Here is a product and viable service  that can  directly impact the lives of people in Africa where there are some 300 million people without water , " he says . "  People  can save money , reduce the amount of plastic wastage that gets discarded into landfills and ultimately for every bottle that we sell we are able to help another person get access to clean drinking water . " Four years on and Broni-Mensah , now 28 , is as enthusiastic about GiveMeTap as ever . The energetic young entrepreneur has moved his social initiative out of his parents house , down to London 's Google Campus . He now has a dedicated squad working with him . As they work among other aspiring entrepreneurs at the communal startup space , GiveMeTap -- which also relies heavily on award grants and corporate partnerships to provide additional funding for Africa projects -- has now successfully signed up around 300 UK cafes and restaurants . "  We 've won 14 business awards and that has helped us to keep investing , to keep scaling but it 's also about getting the message out to people , " says Broni-Mensah . "  That 's our role we need to grow quickly . " To date , GiveMeTap has been able to build four water projects in Ghana , Malawi and Namibia with another four projects to be constructed in Ghana from December . "  My parents are both Ghanaian so being able to go back to Ghana eight weeks ago was really emotional , " he says . "  It was really important to go back to the places where my dad had grown up and was n't able to get the same benefits  I had  . "  There 's some 3.5 million people in Ghana that do n't have access to clean drinking water . We 're trying to reduce that number in a very focused way at the moment because it helps us learn but it also helps us get a direct impact in a small community . " Broni-Mensah 's heritage is a driving force behind his passion for providing aid to Africa but he stresses that his sustainable water initiative is not a parachute enterprise . While on the ground , the GiveMeTap team elects a local water committee which is in charge of collecting funds to sustain the pumps so that each project is not donor-dependent . "  If something breaks they need to be able to be self-sufficient which is really important , " says Broni-Mensah . "  You see more and more NGO-types that are trying more to empower the people to do things themselves because that 's how you get long-lasting impact . "  I love going back because it 's encouraging for more black people to go back from the diaspora to help African communities . Black people helping black people is an amazing thing . It builds more trust between us as people . " Outside of Africa , Broni-Mensah continues to push the GiveMeTap ethos and build up the free water refill participation network . He hopes to have 1,000 UK-based establishments signed up in addition to branching out internationally . "  We are looking to grow across the whole of the United Kingdom ... once we 've done that ,  move  into European markets and in America . "  Social entrepreneurship is the future where you will see more and more organizations solving a social mission at the core but through a business mechanism . " And in case you were wondering , the young entrepreneur did succeed in getting his six-pack .	Edwin Broni-Mensah launched GiveMeTap -- a free water refill network in the UK The project also sells water bottles , with profits funding water projects in Africa Water projects have so far been constructed in Namibia , Malawi and Ghana
Washington  CNN  -- The Denver Post Editorial Board endorsed Republican House Rep. Cory Gardner on Friday , just six years after it backed Gardner 's opponent Democratic Sen. Mark Udall for the position . "  Congress is hardly functioning these days . It ca n't pass legislation that is controversial and it often ca n't even pass legislation on which there is broad agreement . Its reputation is abysmal , and even its members rarely dispute the popular indictment , " the editorial board said in a statement . "  It needs fresh leadership , energy and ideas , and Cory Gardner can help provide them in the U.S. Senate . " The surprising decision could give Gardner the significant edge he needs to pull ahead of Udall in the closely contested race . Just last week , a CBS/New York Times poll found Gardner six percentage points ahead of Udall . Real Clear Politics rules the race a "  toss up . " Udall is starting to trail his GOP opponent , two polls say Earlier this week , both candidates argued over immigration , foreign policy , reproductive rights , and the Ebola outbreak . The board sided with Gardner , saying that his ideas largely reflect Colorado 's interests , especially in the next two years . "  Gardner has sound ideas on tax reform that could help the economy take off and has expressed willingness to compromise on immigration despite a fairly hard line over the years . And his stance on defense spending appears closer to those of Rep. Mike Coffman , who favors restraint , than to those in the GOP who view the military as sacrosanct , " the statement said . Yet the Denver Post went defensive against Gardner 's conservative opinions on same-sex marriage and abortion rights . His position on the controversial issues did n't deter their endorsement , saying that the issues will likely be irrelevant soon since the Supreme Court is establishing an acceptable norm . Will same-sex marriage become a 2014 issue ? The editorial board called Udall "  a fine man with good intentions " and admitted that their views align closer with him than Gardner . However , they say that Udall has not been a prominent fighter on current issues , suggesting that Gardner 's growing leadership in the House "  would very likely match " Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet 's influence in the upper chamber . They did praise Udall for being an active member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , particularly when he spoke out against the government for spying on the public . The Denver Post endorsed President Obama in 2012 and 2008 , but did not make any specific mentions against his policies as a reason for supporting Gardner . Obama lines go straight into GOP attack ads for Senate	Denver Post announced its endorsement for Rep. Cory Gardner Says Congress is in "  need of fresh leadership , energy and ideas " Mentions that Sen. Mark Udall "  is not perceived as a leader in Washington " The race is contested and currently rated as a tossup by many pollsters
Beijing  CNN  -- Sixteen people have been killed in violence in China 's volatile western region of Xinjiang , state media reported Monday . Two police officers chasing suspects came under attack late Sunday from people with machetes and explosive devices in Shufu county , near the city of Kashgar , said Tianshan , a news website run by the Xinjiang government . In the clash that ensued , two police officers died and 14 "  gang members " were shot and killed , Tianshan reported . Deadly unrest frequently breaks out in Xinjiang , a large , resource-rich region that is home to the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs . Chinese authorities have cracked down heavily on violence involving Uyghurs , deepening resentment . The details of violent clashes in Xinjiang often remain murky . Uyghur diaspora groups , like the World Uyghur Congress , have criticized the Chinese government for the lack of transparency over such events . Police have detained six suspects , Tianshan reported in an update late Monday . It described the violence as "  an organized and premeditated terrorist attack " carried out by a gang of 20 people , led by a person it named as Hesen Ismail , a Uyghur-sounding name . The group "  advocated extremist religious thoughts , produced explosive devices and guns , and tested explosives several times in a bid to plot terrorist attacks , " the report said . But the World Uyghur Congress disputed the government 's account . It cited unidentified "  sources on the ground " who told it that the 14 people shot and killed were Uyghur "  demonstrators . " Two of them were teenagers who were killed by "  indiscriminate shooting by the security forces , " the organization alleged . Luo Fuyong , a spokesman for the Xinjiang government , contested the World Uyghur Congress 's version of events . He said that no teenagers were killed in the violence and that those involved were n't demonstrators , noting that the clash took place at 11 p.m. . He said he believed that all 14 people who were killed by police were Uyghurs . CNN was n't able to independently verify the different claims about what happened . Chinese authorities have blamed Uyghurs for a vehicle attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October that killed five people -- including the three in the vehicle -- and wounded 40 others . Xinjiang 's worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting in the capital , Urumqi , between Uyghurs and Han Chinese killed some 200 people and injured 1,700 . That unrest was followed by a crackdown by security forces . Several deadly clashes have been reported this year . Xinjiang is now home to more than 8 million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . The newcomers take most of the new jobs , and unemployment among Uyghurs is high . They complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . Beijing accuses some Uyghur groups of trying to establish an independent state . In November : Militant group says Tiananmen attack in China was ` jihadi operation '	NEW : A Uyghur diaspora group says the people involved were "  demonstrators " NEW : Chinese authorities disagree , saying those involved were a "  terrorist " gang Two police officers and 14 other people were killed in a clash on Sunday The violence took place in Xinjiang , a resource-rich Chinese region beset by unrest
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Dioncounda Traore , Mali 's interim president , was beaten and rushed to a hospital after hundreds of protesters demanding his resignation stormed the presidential palace Monday . Traore was assaulted and hit over the head when protesters found him inside the palace . The president was later taken to the hospital where he was treated for a wound to his head , hospital staff said . "  There were three dead and some injured by gunshot when -LSB- Traore 's -RSB- security shot at people , " said Bakary Mariko , a spokesman for the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy , a group of military officers who mounted a coup in March . April : Traore sworn in as interim president Protests were expected after the Economic Community of West African States , which has tried to broker a return to civilian rule after the coup , agreed to let Traore remain in charge for a year to oversee the transition . And ECOWAS has warned that followers of Capt. Amadou Sanogo , who led the revolt that deposed President Amadou Toumani Toure , were threatening to derail the agreement . Traore 's term as interim president had been set to expire on Tuesday . Groups denouncing him gathered Monday morning in the Place de l'Independence , in the center of Mali 's capital , Bamako . Security Clearance : Disaster looms for people of Mali Traore "  is not staying as president of Mali , " said Youssouf Kone , the leader of several groups demanding the interim president 's resignation . "  We will stay until Traore agrees to step down , " he added . "  We 're going to make this the Tahrir Square , " referencing the 2011 protests in Egypt . Just before 11 a.m.  7 a.m. ET  , a group of protesters parted and moved up the hill in direction of the presidential palace . "  We do n't want Dioncounda " and "  Down with ECOWAS , " chanted a couple in the crowd , which remained peaceful at that point . When it reached the palace gates , the spontaneous march had gathered a couple of hundred supporters , some of them shouting slogans in support of the coup leader , Sanogo . According to witnesses , soldiers stood by as the crowd entered the building while others climbed over armored vehicles parked nearby . Some protesters were seen parking motorbikes and bicycles inside the palace . In other parts of town , protesters burned tires and put up posters saying the country will never heal with Traore in power . The group closed of one of the city 's bridges , causing the traffic to stand still all over Bamako . The protests reflect longstanding frustrations with Mali 's political class . Several of the protesters expressed discontent with Traore , a former labor activist who was the country 's parliament speaker before his appointment as interim president in April . "  Traore is part the same self-serving political elite that has misruled the country for years , " Fadima Sy , one of the protesters in Place de l'Independence , said . Interim Prime Minister Cheick Modibo Diarra went on state television Monday evening to denounce the attack and appealed to local politicians and organizations to stop encouraging the youth to march . Mali had been hailed as a shining example of African democracy before the coup , having experienced more than 20 years of democratic government . Sanogo and his fellow officers ousted Toure on March 22 , complaining that he had failed to properly equip soldiers battling a growing insurgency by Tuareg rebels in the country 's north . While ECOWAS and other countries pressured Sanogo to relinquish power , Tuareg fighters and Islamic rebels swiftly advanced and now claim control of much of northern Mali .	Demonstrators storm Mali 's presidential palace on Monday Interim President Dioncounda Traore is beaten and taken to a hospital A spokesman for rebel military officer says 3 people were killed by Traore 's bodyguards Traore was picked to lead an interim government after a March coup
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel canceled controversial plans to construct thousands of new homes in East Jerusalem and on the West Bank , hours after the announcement sparked strong criticism . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked Construction and Housing Minister Uri Ariel to reconsider long-term plans to build more than 20,000 units , according to a press release from Netanyahu 's office . "  This step does not contribute to settlement , " the statement said . "  On the contrary , there is damage here for settlement . " "  This is a meaningless step -- legally and in practice -- and an action that creates an unnecessary confrontation with the international community at a time when we are making an effort to persuade elements in the international community to reach a better deal with Iran . At this time , the attention of the international community must not be diverted from the main effort -- preventing Iran from receiving an agreement that will allow it to continue its military nuclear program . As a member of the government , action must be coordinated and have the benefit of forethought . " Ariel said he would accede to Netanyahu 's request , according to the press release . Lior Amihai of the activist group Peace Now said the Housing Ministry issued 23,786 planning tenders two weeks ago ; the tenders are issued to companies to draw plans to be used in possible future construction . The construction was to have taken place in a number of years , after the plans went through various stages of government approval , he said . Lara Friedman , director of policy and government relations at Americans for Peace Now in Washington , said the plans had included construction in areas deep in the West Bank , east of the barrier that separates Israel from the West Bank . "  This is planning for areas that can not possibly remain part of Israel or become part of Israel under any negotiated agreement , " Friedman said before Netanyahu 's announcement . "  It 's impossible . " A member of the PLO executive committee also said earlier that Netanyahu appeared to be intent on scuttling any hope for a solution in peace talks recently relaunched by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . "  Obviously , Netanyahu is using settlements as a weapon of mass destruction to destroy the chances of peace and torpedo the negotiations , " Hanan Ashrawi said . "  It is an affront to the whole world and particularly to John Kerry and a deliberate violation to international law . " There are currently more than 300,000 settlers in the West Bank , according to the Israeli Bureau of Statistics , and about 200,000 in East Jerusalem . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Israel cancels plans for thousands more settlements PM Netanyahu : "  This is a meaningless step - legally and in practice " 23,000 settlement homes were planned for East Jerusalem , West Bank
WIRED  -- In less than a week , Google announced an operating system to compete with Windows , while Microsoft announced that Office 10 will include free , online versions of its four most popular software programs -- a shot at Google 's suite of web-based office applications . The fight between Microsoft and Google is over who 'll be seen as the world 's most important tech company . And not more than a month and a half ago , Microsoft unveiled its new search engine Bing , which it hopes will steal market share from Google and finally make it real money online . From the news of it , it 's a full-blown tech battle , complete with behind-the-scenes machinations to sic government regulators on each other . It is , however , not a death match -- it 's more of an fight to see who will be the King of Technology , since both companies pull in their billions through completely different siphons and are unlikely to severely wound one another any time soon . Google pulled in $ 22 billion in revenue in 2008 , 97 percent of which came tiny text ads bought by the keyword and placed next to search results or on pages around the web . Google makes a negligible amount of money bundling its online apps for businesses , charging $ 50 a head annually -- but mostly it just gives its online text editor , email and spreadsheet programs away . By contrast , Microsoft sold $ 14.3 billion worth of Microsoft Word and PowerPoint and other business applications over the last nine months , making a profit of $ 9.3 billion . It made a further $ 16 billion in revenue in 2008 through sales of its operating systems , which range from XP installations on netbooks , to Vista , to Windows Mobile to its server software . Google now plans its own range of operating systems , starting with Android , an open-source OS for small devices like smartphones , and Chrome OS , a browser-focused , open-source OS that will run on notebooks and desktops . Clearly top executives at each company look over at the others ' pots of gold and dream of ways to steal them , or at least make it harder for the other guy to make money . In fact , they even dislike each other enough to spend money to make the other one lose revenue -- take for example , Microsoft 's behind-the-scenes campaign to scuttle last year 's proposed Google-Yahoo advertising deal or its ongoing attempts to derail the Google Book Search settlement . But in reality , the competition is really about creating universes or ecosystems that it hopes consumers will want to live their technology lives inside . And it 's about ego -- a fight to be recognized as the world 's most important technology company . Microsoft would love for everyone in the world to be using its Internet Explorer browser to search through Bing to find a story from its MSN portal to email via Hotmail or Outlook to a friend . Add in a smartphone running Windows Mobile and an Xbox in the living room for the kids , and you have a Microsoft family . And though it is much joked about , Microsoft is the dominant platform for software developers of all types , whether they are making small business software , massive online role-playing games or photo-editing utilities . Google 's ecosystem looks different . It starts with a Google Chrome browser  oddly running only on Windows  with a default homepage set to Google News or a customized Google homepage . From there you might go to Gmail and then click on a Word document sent to you as an attachment which Google will quickly -- and safely -- open for you in its online word processor . But most importantly , Google wants you to search and travel around the web , hitting web pages that run Google-served ads and Google tracking cookies . You might think that Google is a really cool company to give away all this free technology , while never thinking about the persistent and silent data collection Google is undertaking to profile you in order to deliver you to advertisers for a premium . So how do the two stack up in four key areas of competition ? Browsers : Internet Explorer in all its variations still retains close to 70 percent of the market  depending on who is counting and how  . That dominance remains , even though Microsoft 's latest offering IE8 lags behind all the other major browsers in features and advanced web capabilities . Firefox , Opera , and Apple 's Safari have all driven browser innovation over the last five years , but most people have not been convinced to leave IE behind , despite other alternatives being safer and more advanced . Why does it matter ? Well , IE installations come with a default home page , do n't they ? Google 's Chrome browser , on the other hand , is a handsome , whiz-kid of a browser . It 's sleek and nimble , and it revolutionizes how tabs are handled . The address bar is the search box  Google as default , naturally  . Each website opened runs as its own browser instance and has very low permissions to read and write to files . The sandboxing of tabs means that if a single website hangs or crashes , the rest are unaffected . Meanwhile , lower permissions make it harder for a hacker to bust into your computer through your browser . Chrome also has less than 2 percent of the browser market share . Online Search : Google 's name now means search to most users . Google 's search engine means money to Google . In June , it delivered 78.5 percent of search results pages delivered to U.S. web users . In the first three months of 2009 , Google pulled in $ 5.2 billion in revenue , a majority of which came from AdWords , an auction-based service that triggers ads based on the keywords in a search query . Microsoft recently debuted Bing , a new search engine it hoped would fare well in comparison to Google . It 's got some fine innovations , and shows the company is thinking very hard about better ways to present information to users by finding ways to synthesize data , rather than just retrieving links . Still , despite these improvements , a $ 100 million ad campaign , and generous press coverage that treats Bing like an underdog , Bing gained only a point in June to get Microsoft 8.2 percent of all searches . Operating Systems : Microsoft has been making operating systems since 1979 and has spent 28 years perfecting MS-DOS and Windows NT , the frameworks that Windows have been built around . Microsoft is estimated to run on about 90 percent of all laptops and desktops in the world . By copying its competitors ' best features , leveraging questionable licensing arrangements and using its base of accustomed users to buy it time against innovators , Microsoft has held on to its lead in the OS market for almost 30 years . That 's despite challenges from Digital Research , Apple and IBM . Microsoft 's newest version , Windows 7 , will be available in the fall . Early reviews say the OS boots quickly and sleeps fast , and avoids much of the confusing interface decisions that have made many dislike Vista , the successor to Windows XP . Microsoft also dominates in the business world , where nearly every medium to large company standardizes around Microsoft Office . Microsoft is also at work on version 6 of its operating system for handheld devices , which it first launched in 2000 . Its OS advantages are immense . It has millions of users who know nothing else and who like Windows . There are millions who are attached to games or the thousands of desktop apps that are only available on Windows . Thousands of devices just plug in and work on its hardware . And familiarity with Microsoft software is a requirement for a huge number of office jobs . By contrast , Google first stepped into the OS game in 2007 when it announced its Android operating system for small devices . Google estimates that some 18 phone models will be running its system by the end of the year . Last week , Google announced , but did not show off , a new OS to compete with Windows , dubbing it Chrome OS . That name signifies that Google 's OS will be for the web and browser-based . It hopes to convince developers to write software that runs inside a browser , instead of on top of the OS as developers for Windows and Apples ' OS X do . It will also let web developers extend the power of their websites by expanding the capabilities of the browser , allowing websites to lean on the browser for storage and processing help . Advertising : Google is largely powered by its innovative auction-based text ads on its own site , but then expanded into serving ads on other people 's sites with the Adsense program . It bought the ad-serving and behavioral-profiling giant Doubleclick in 2007 for more than $ 3 billion , and has ventured into mobile , print , radio and television ads . Microsoft has struggled to replicate Google 's online advertising success . Despite owning MSN.com -- a portal that is second only to Yahoo as a destination -- Microsoft has not made money on the internet . To turbocharge its ad-delivery technology , it paid more than $ 6 billion in cash in 2007 for aQuantive , a full-service online advertising concern . Instead , Microsoft 's online ad business lost $ 1.2 billion in 2008 , double what it lost in 2007 . The company expects 2009 revenues to be higher than the $ 3.2 billion it took in last year , but has not said it would make a profit . Contrary to what some might have you believe , the benefits of the Google-Microsoft competition are immense . Microsoft had largely grown complacent until Google came along to shake up categories . Gmail 's massive online storage capability and fancy programming made Microsoft hustle to upgrade its popular , though not user-friendly , web e-mail service . Google Maps led to Microsoft 's Live Maps , which now bests Google 's efforts in some ways . Google has been winning the fight for the last few years , showing that it is still nimbler than the software giant from the Northwest . But the pendulum may be slowing , or even poised to swing the other way . With the innovations in Bing and the promise that Microsoft 's online Office offerings will be free and more fully featured than the Google equivalent , Microsoft is taking on Google where it matters for users : on the field of innovation . And that will make for an interesting race , no matter which horse you prefer to ride . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The escalating Google vs. Micosoft battle is mostly over who 'll be King of Tech Top execs at each company dream of ways to steal the others ' pots of gold Chrome OS will compete with Windows , while Office 10 will include free online versions Here 's how the two tech giants stack up in four key areas of competition
CNN  -- Two people were executed Tuesday in China for their part in a tainted milk scandal that killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others , state-run media reported . Zhang Yujun was executed for endangering public safety and Geng Jinping was executed for producing and selling toxic food , the Xinhua news agency said . The tainted formula came to light in September 2008 , after several babies fell ill from drinking formula that contained melamine . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level . The tainted milk caused kidney stones and urinary tract problems in hundreds of thousands of children . The 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the formula have offered compensation to victims ' families . In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal , Xinhua reported . Among them , Zhang and Geng were sentenced to death , and most others received at least 15 years in prison .	Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping executed for their roles in toxic milk scandal In all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in January for their roles in the scandal Tainted milk killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others Drinking formula held melamine , a toxin dairy plants used to make protein levels appear higher
CNN  -- Delta Air Lines tweeted what was supposed to be a celebratory message after team USA defeated Ghana in Monday 's World Cup match . It turned into a bit of a fiasco when Twitter users had to inform the company that , while Ghana has abundant wildlife , including lions , it does n't have wild giraffes . The mistake gave the impression the airline did not do its homework about the country . .	Airline 's tweet indicated that it thought giraffes are native to Ghana ; they are not Delta deleted the tweet , but Twitter users have fun at airline 's expense
CNN  -- South American soccer officials hope to take their showpiece tournament to the United States in 2016 for a centenary celebration that could have big benefits for all concerned , but this week 's announcement appears to be somewhat premature . CONCACAF , which runs the game in North and Central America and the Caribbean , said talks regarding what would be a historic tournament are still ongoing , though it is open to the possibility of having the likes of superstars Lionel Messi and Neymar parading their skills in front of sellout crowds . World governing body FIFA has also yet to sanction the event -- which would involve 10 South American nations , the U.S. and Mexico plus four other countries from the CONCACAF region -- in the busy international calendar . The Copa America , which has featured guest nations from CONCACAF since 1993 , was last staged in 2011 -- when it was won by Uruguay . The next edition is due to be held in Brazil in 2015 , one year after it hosts the 2014 World Cup , while the CONMEBOL federation hopes to stage an additional Copa in the U.S. 12 months later to mark the ruling body 's 100th year of existence . "  Even though playing the 2016 Copa America in the CONCACAF region with our teams and those from CONMEBOL would be a wonderful experience for all fans , we are still in the midst of talks and negotiations between all parties involved in this decision , " CONCACAF general secretary Enrique Sanz said in a statement . "  This is an idea we are hoping to materialize but we are still evaluating and discussing before it becomes official but the intention is definitely there . " Cape Verde to open Africa Cup of Nations CONCACAF 's continental tournament is the biennial Gold Cup , which Mexico won in the U.S. last year . Mexico and Japan will be guest nations at the 2015 Copa . While the prospect of holding the tournament in the U.S. may have great appeal , Sports Illustrated 's senior soccer writer Grant Wahl expressed concerns over whether FIFA would allow it . "  The U.S. television money for big soccer tournaments is now quite large -- the U.S. rights for 2018 and 2022 World Cups went for a combined $ 1.1 billion , which will probably be the highest rights fee for any nation in the world , " Wahl told CNN . "  There are big questions in terms of will FIFA sanction an event like this and put it on the official calendar ? Will FIFA require clubs to release their players for it ? None of that has been made public in terms of any agreements . " Can Falcao help Atletico Madrid reign in Spain ? The opportunity to compete against teams such as Brazil and Argentina , boasting the likes of Neymar and Messi , is one which Wahl feels could benefit a U.S. team currently playing minor nations such as Panama and Guadeloupe in the Gold Cup . "  The U.S. national team is still trying to improve and the best way to do that is to play meaningful games against good competition , " he said . "  It is hard in the Gold Cup because other than Mexico , there are not many difficult opponents for the U.S. in CONCACAF . "  To be able to have an important competitive tournament between World Cups is really big for U.S. soccer . It puts U.S. soccer in the public eye in the United States more if you have something like that . " Wahl is confident the tournament would be a big hit with U.S. sports fans . "  This would sell out NFL stadiums , " he said . "  Not just for the U.S. team , but for every team involved . Mexico plays more games in the United States than it does in Mexico right now because it can sell out NFL stadiums . "  It is an ongoing process . There is n't one big bang event which will suddenly make soccer as big in the U.S. as it is in Europe and South America . But this has been a pretty steady growth over the last two decades . "  I think it will happen in the end , but you want countries to send their best teams . That 's not a guarantee at this point . "	Announcement that the 2016 Copa America will be in the U.S. yet to be confirmed South American federation plans to move tournament to celebrate its centenary CONCACAF is open to the idea , but insists talks over the proposals are ongoing Soccer expert Grant Wahl suggests the tournament could be lucrative for CONMEBOL
CNN  -- Dutch fighter jets scrambled Wednesday to intercept a pair of Russian military aircraft that entered their airspace , a fairly routine action that comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and NATO , a Dutch official said . Maj. Wilko Ter Horst said that the military learned around 3:50 p.m.  9:50 a.m. ET  that two Russian TU-95 bombers , known as Bears , had come a half-mile inside its airspace . A pair of Dutch F-16 military jets were then dispatched to escort the Russian planes and "  ensure they  flew  out of our airspace , " said Ter Horst , a Dutch military spokesman . Such a sequence of events is n't uncommon , with the Netherlands military spokesman explaining "  this is a national procedure when aircraft infringe  on  national Dutch airspace . " He estimated Dutch fighter jets scramble to check out unknown aircraft -- be they from Russia or another country -- about four or five times a year . "  It is not unusual , " Ter Horst added . "  Sometimes they cross Dutch airspace and sometimes they stay north of Dutch airspace  in the country 's so-called area of responsibility  . " In this case , British military aircraft took over from the Dutch in escorting the Russian planes . A British Defense Ministry spokesman said that planes from his military left from Royal Air Force station Leuchars "  to determine the identity of unknown aircraft that approached the NATO Air Policing Area north of Scotland and could not be identified by other means . " These planes were later identified as the Russian military planes . The spokesman stressed that they did n't enter British airspace , nor has any Russian military plane ever done so . "  The Russian military aircraft remained in international airspace at all times , as they are perfectly entitled to do , " the spokesman said . In a separate and "  standard " event , Britain 's HMS Dragon met up with the Russian ship Vice Admiral Kulakov as it was "  transiting past the UK , " according to the military spokesman . The British naval destroyer is now "  keeping an eye on its transit south , " he added . There was no immediate mention of this story on the English-language versions of at least two Russian state-run media outlets , RT and RIA Novosti . While British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond said his military is always on alert "  to intercept any non-NATO forces , " he did not portray these specific incidents as alarming . "  Recent events have increased awareness of Russian military activity , " Hammond said . "  But we have always routinely intercepted , identified and escorted Russian air and naval assets that transit international airspace and waters within the UK 's ` area of interest . ' " Both the Netherlands and the United Kingdom are part of NATO , which has been increasingly at odds with Russia over its activity in and around Ukraine . The tensions ratcheted up late last year , when demonstrators pushed out Ukraine 's president in part due to their anger about his moving away from an alliance with Europe and moving closer to Russia . A pro-Western government took over in Kiev . Soon after , the Crimean peninsula seceded from Ukraine and became part of Russia . Since then , Russia has deployed what NATO estimates to be 40,000 troops near its border with Ukraine , which has made other countries in the area nervous . In an interview Wednesday with RT , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Russia would "  certainly respond " if its interests were attacked in Ukraine . "  Russian citizens being attacked is an attack against the Russian Federation , " Lavrov said . Dutch fighter jets intercept cargo plane Fighter jets , special forces : Photos ` show Russian military buildup ' near Ukraine	Dutch spokesman : 2 Russian bombers enter Dutch airspace by a half mile 2 F-16 Dutch fighter jets intercept the Russian planes , escort them away British military jets later become involved ; action is called "  not unusual " But it comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and NATO
CNN  -- Suspended last season amid allegations that he bullied a teammate , former Miami player Richie Incognito has been reinstated by the NFL . "  He can fully participate , " said league spokesman Greg Aiello . Incognito is a free agent and is set to meet with several NFL teams . The offensive lineman huddled with Tampa Bay on Monday . Incognito was suspended by the Dolphins in November after Jonathan Martin abruptly left the team , saying he was bullied by him . His attorney David Cornell called it "  harassment that went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing . " An NFL-commissioned report released in February found that three Dolphins starters , including Incognito , engaged in "  a pattern of harassment . " According to the report , Martin had been the victim of "  sexually explicit remarks " and "  racial insults " from Incognito , John Jerry and Mike Pouncey , while it was revealed that Martin contemplated suicide as a result of their actions . Incognito 's lawyer challenged the report , calling it "  replete with errors . " Martin was traded to San Francisco in March . CNN 's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report .	Richie Incognito can play again in the NFL He is a free agent and is meeting with league teams An NFL-commissioned report says Incognito engaged in "  a pattern of harassment " The report also says Jonathan Martin contemplated suicide
CNN  -- Abandoned workshops and empty warehouses are getting a new lease of life in Cape Town . Spaces that once housed production lines are now becoming creative hotspots for artists , designers and musicians living in a city that holds the title of World Design Capital for 2014 . This urban regeneration might be most true in one of Cape Town 's oldest suburbs : Woodstock . Visitors to the area can see the busy harbor to the north and the majestic Table Mountain to the south . But most people wandering around the area are n't here for the views -- with its craft stores , art markets , theaters and award-winning restaurants , this is a hot address for young urbanites . Based here is also the Old Biscuit Mill , a converted building that has now become a hive of retail activity . "  When we started we knew we had made the best decision to be based in Woodstock specifically , " says Zizi Poswa , a founding partner of Imiso Ceramics , a well-known local pottery collective located at the Old Biscuit Mill . "  After two or three years we realized we 've got to maximize on whatever we do and we 've had a lot of customers coming from overseas to see our work . It 's been good . " Woodstock is also home to an old brewery that has now been turned into an office hub , mostly catering for small advertising and film production firms . "  Buildings in the area really lend themselves to being converted , " says Willem Otten , one of the architects involved in the redesign of the Old Castle Brewery . "  Woodstock used to have a lot of clothing workshops and factories , so the high ceilings and generous spaces really work for the artistic community . " Economic benefits This sector is an important component of South Africa 's economy . The visual arts contribute nearly $ 90 million to the country 's GDP and provide employment to almost 18,000 people , according to the Department of Arts and Culture . But the craft sector is even more significant when it comes to generating income . The sector contributes about $ 985 million annually to GDP and employs approximately 38,000 people . South Africa 's government is trying to build on these areas with its Public Art Program . Minister of Arts and Culture Paul Mashatile has announced a number of partnerships with local community leaders and artists in a bid to stimulate creativity in communities and help beautify areas . Overall , the program is projected to create 5,000 short-term jobs between 2013 and 2015 . One person who is well-aware of the economic potential South African design has to offer is Trevyn McGowan . The company she started with her husband , "  Source , " is all about finding local designers and getting them started in the global market . "  Our design industry is ready , " says McGowan , who 's also the founder of the Southern Guild -- a stable of local talent creating design art and investment pieces . "  A cool market , but in a commercial environment . " Design legacy Her goal is to stimulate the industry and the majority of the work is happening in Woodstock . The regeneration of the area is one of the reasons that the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design has crowed Cape Town the World Design Capital -- a title the city will hold until the end of the year . Past title holders that have received recognition for driving urban development through design include Finland 's capital city Helsinki and Seoul in South Korea . Cape Town is the first city on the African continent to have been given the title , which was first bestowed on Torino in Italy in 2008 . But has the title led to real benefits for the city ? "  There has been a fantastic response , " says Otten . "  There has been an uplifting of the city as people are really making public spaces better . " But there is a sense that the real benefits wo n't be immediately obvious . "  I think this is far more intrinsic and deeper than anybody anticipates and it 's only going to be in years to come that we really see the critical impact that world design capital has had on Cape Town , " says McGowan . "  It 's all very well to want the proof right here and right now but for a young industry , we 're really are doing the best we can and the legacy that 's going to be left behind after the year is over . " This longer-term perspective is also on the mind of Alayne Reesberg , CEO of World Design Capital Cape Town -- the body which implements the requirements of the World Design Capital organization . "  There has been added impetus in 2014 for South African policy-makers to talk about design , " she says . "  City , provincial and national government agencies are convening on design issues and the WDC title has really accelerated those conversations . " As the end of 2014 comes into sight , and with it the close of Cape Town 's reign as World Design Capital , citizens will hope the year in the spotlight will have a lasting impact on the city 's public spaces . Read this : From crime hotspot to hipster hangout Read this : In the driving seat of S. Africa 's economy More from Marketplace Africa	Cape Town is the World Design Capital 2014 Old factories in the Woodstock suburb are being transformed into creative spaces The visual arts contributes nearly $ 90 million to the South African economy
CNN  -- The remains of a woman who disappeared 22 years ago in northern California have been found after the son of the woman 's purported killer guided police to the site where her body was dumped , investigators announced Thursday . The alleged killer 's son told authorities that he watched his father kill 27-year-old Lysandra Marie Turpin in 1988 and that his dad forced him to help dispose of the body , the Humboldt County , California , Sheriff 's Office announced . Ernest Samuel Christie III , who was 16 at the time , told authorities that his now-dead father , Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. , made him help dump Turpin 's body in a ditch near their home in Fieldbrook , California , about 80 miles south of the Oregon border . Christie said his father forced him to help cover the body with tires , douse it in gasoline and set it on fire , Humboldt County Sheriff Gary Philp said in a statement Thursday . Christie 's dad had held and abused Turpin at his house for several weeks before killing her , Christie told the sheriff 's office . She had been reported missing to Humboldt County law enforcement on April 8 , 1988 . After Christie supplied the sheriff 's office with a map of where the body had been dumped , a team of detectives , evidence technicians , and sheriff 's deputies found teeth , clothing and charred bones . A forensic odontologist positively identified the remains as Lysandra Turpin on Wednesday , according to Philp . Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. died in 2006 , according to the sheriff 's office . His son , now 38 and living in North Carolina , contacted the sheriff 's office in February . He is not facing criminal charges , Philp said . Christie told authorities that his father had abused other women , once holding a woman prisoner in a hollowed-out redwood tree stump . The woman escaped and declined to report the incident to law enforcement , the sheriff 's office said . Using a description provided by Christie , sheriff 's personnel located the stump and found a carpet , plastic jugs , a hypodermic syringe and clothing there , Philp said Thursday . Christie related other instances of his father -- who he said frequently used methamphetamine -- terrorizing women , Philp said . Christie told authorities that his dad once took a woman on his fishing boat , tied her up and told her he was going to kill her . The woman managed to escape , and detectives were recently able to find her and corroborate Christie 's account , Philp said .	Man told police he watched his father kill 27-year-old Lysandra Marie Turpin in 1988 He said his father forced him to dispose of the body in a ditch near their home Forensic odontologist positively identified Turpin 's remains on Wednesday The suspected killer , Ernest Samuel Christie Jr. , died in 2006
CNN  -- Happy birthday , Lady Liberty ! The Statue of Liberty turns 128 on Tuesday , and she 's never looked better . Still tall and regal , you may overlook this American icon because she 's been around for so long . But trust us : She 's kind of a badass . Here are 5 reasons why : 1 . She 's on her #selfie game Head on over to the "  Crown Cam " to check out this hot "  statue selfie . " It 's just one of a few cameras set up at EarthCam.com to capture the action on Ellis Island . 2 . The hip-hop crowd loves her Want some street cred ? Throw a line in your rap song about La Liberty , and it 's all good . From Jay Z 's "  Empire State of Mind "  "  Statue of Liberty , long live the World Trade "  to Ludacris ' "  Undisputed "  "  So put ya fist up , even the Statue of Liberty lit a flame for the way that I lit my wrist up "  , she is hailed . 3 . She celebrates holidays The Statue of Liberty will reportedly do some crossdressing for Halloween . Designer Nick Graham has said he will outfit her in a few bow ties to celebrate both the holiday and the launch of his new menswear line . The 60-foot , 35-pound bow ties wo n't actually be draped around the statue but will be flown near it using helicopters for a quick photo op . "  I was just thinking of something that would be fun to do , dressing up something very large , " Graham told ABC News . "  Mount Rushmore is too far from here , so the next best thing is the Statue of Liberty . " Speaking of costumes , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery -- and there 's a "  sexy Statue of Liberty " outfit for sale . 4 . She 's all about social media It would be a monumental misstep if Lady Liberty was n't on Twitter , right ? The statue often retweets fans sharing their experiences visiting her . And she has a Facebook page that features facts and historical photos . Now we 're just waiting for her Instagram account . 5 . She is a total New Yorker Cosmopolitan , elegant , tough under pressure and a survivor  remember when she closed during the government shutdown ?  , it 's no wonder when TV and movie directors want to show the city in all its glory , there is a shot of her front and center . Carrie Bradshaw has nothing on you , Lady Liberty .	The Statue of Liberty turns 128 on Tuesday She 's being "  dressed up " for Halloween Her official Twitter account is popular
CNN  -- We throw around the word "  epic " so casually that we have to dig deep into our thesaurus to accurately convey what happened at Missouri 's Kauffman Stadium Tuesday night . Historic . Colossal . Monumental . The long-suffering Kansas City Royals finally made it to the MLB playoffs -- and gave the city a postseason to look forward to after 29 dry years . The last time that happened was in 1985 , when we were still rocking Swatches , smoking on planes and hating on New Coke . The dude who held up the sign , "  We have waited our whole lives for this ... literally " was n't kidding . And what a game it was . What a down-to-the-wire , come-from-behind American League Wild Card win against the Oakland Athletics it was . Every time the Royals fell behind , they rallied . They fell behind , they rallied . For nearly five hours . Everyone was hooked . "  We really need everyone to not commit crimes and drive safely right now , " the Kansas City police tweeted . The game that began in September went into its 12th innning -- and almost into October -- before the Royals clinched it , 9-8 . The crowd thundered . The drought had ended . "  Trying to process what I just saw . I ca n't , " tweeted Bob Fescoe , host of a sports radio show in Kansas City . "  This is up there as one of my best sports moments ever . " The National League Wild Card playoff is Wednesday . Let 's see you bring it , San Francisco Giants and the Pittsburgh Pirates . .	The Royals make it to the postseason for the first time in 29 years They beat Oakland 9-8 The game lasted nearly 5 hours
CNN  -- A U.S. citizen has been kidnapped in the West African nation of Benin , a U.S. State Department official said Sunday . The official , who asked not to be named given the sensitivity of the situation , said that U.S. diplomatic officials are providing "  consular assistance " in the case . Authorities have not indicated when or under what circumstances the person was kidnapped , nor have they identified the abductee . "  Due to privacy considerations , we can not provide additional information , " the official said . The former French colony of Benin is a country of about 9 million people that has a small coastline on the Gulf of Guinea . "  The United States and Benin have had an excellent history of relations in the years since Benin embraced democracy " in 1990 , according to a U.S. State Department website .	U.S. diplomatic officials are providing "  consular assistance , " a U.S. official says It 's not clear when , where or why the person was abducted Benin is a country of about 9 million people in West Africa
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican said a lawsuit accusing it and Pope Benedict XVI of covering up sexual abuse by a priest at a Catholic school in the United States has no merit . "  While legitimate lawsuits have been filed by abuse victims , this is not one of them , " Vatican lawyer Jeffrey Lena said Friday . "  Instead , the lawsuit represents an attempt to use tragic events as a platform for a broader attack . " The lawsuit by an unnamed Illinois man demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests that the suit says have "  credible allegations of sexual misconduct " against them . The alleged victim , who is now an adult , says he was molested by the Rev. Lawrence Murphy while a student at St. John 's School for the Deaf , according to the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . "  The defendant , -LSB- the -RSB- Holy See , has known about the widespread problem of childhood sexual abuse committed by its clergy for centuries , but has covered up that abuse and thereby perpetuated the abuse , " the suit says . "  The case against the Holy See and its officials is completely without merit , " Lena said . "  Most of the complaint rehashes old theories already rejected by U.S. courts . " Lena added , "  With regard to Murphy himself , the Holy See and its officials knew nothing of his crimes until decades after the abuse occurred , and had no role whatsoever in causing plaintiff 's injuries . " Benedict was named as a defendant because he has the ultimate authority to remove priests and because of his involvement in reviewing sex abuse cases when he was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the suit says . Peter Isely , Midwest director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , estimated the Vatican is investigating 4,000 cases of sex abuse by church employees . The lawsuit aims to change church policies and practices that conceal sex offenders , Isely said . "  It 's going to protect children , we hope , around the world , " he said , "  This is a historic day and hopefully this is going to result in historic changes . " Arthur Budzinski , a deaf man who said he was sexually assaulted and raped by Murphy , stood with Isely at a news conference Thursday . He said the priest "  may have stolen our bodies , " but higher clerics such as cardinals , archbishops and the pope "  stole our voices . " Budzinski , who is not a party to the lawsuit , made his comments in sign language and his daughter , Gigi , interpreted his words . Murphy , who died in 1998 , is believed to have molested up to 200 boys , Isely said . The lawsuit said the church "  knew that there was a high probability that these clerics would sexually molest more children , but sought to protect itself from scandal , sought to keep its income stream going , at the peril of children . " Murphy , it says , was a "  top fundraiser and recruiter " for the church and the "  Holy See wanted to retain Murphy 's services . " The same Minnesota law firm representing the Illinois plaintiff also filed suit Wednesday on behalf of a Mexican resident who says he was sexually abused by a priest . The suit alleges Catholic officials in Los Angeles , California , aided and abetted the abuse by moving the priest to different dioceses as allegations piled up against him . CNN 's Alan Duke and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Some lawsuits legitimate , but not this one , Vatican lawyer says Illinois man accuses Catholic Church , Pope Benedict XVI of covering up abuse Plaintiff says he was molested by priest at Wisconsin school for the deaf
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In Beijing in August , Ethiopian runner Haile Gebrselassie will once again find himself staring down the 10,000 meters of rubberized track that curls between him and a third gold medal in the Olympic event . Gebrselassie goes on a training run with companions at home in Addis Ababa . He won gold in 1996 and 2000 , but finished a disappointing fifth in 2004 when a problem with his Archilles tendon hampered training in the lead up to Athens . This time it 's different . He 's pounding a well-worn path on often twice-daily runs through the streets of his hometown of Addis Ababa . He 's older and injury-free . In 2004 , he was under pressure to become the first man in history to win gold over 10,000 meters in three consecutive Olympics . Now it 's not even his first choice of race to run . "  I 'm not interested in the 10,000 meters , " he says ; a somewhat surprising statement from a man just weeks away from competing in the world 's greatest ever sporting event , the pinnacle of any athlete 's career . The problem is he 's been there , done that and recognizes that he 's unlikely to match his younger opponents in speed over the distance . In Beijing , he 'll be toeing the starting line with the current world champion Kenenisa Bekele and Sileshi Sihine , both Ethiopians who finished first and second in Athens in 2004 . "  They 're in good shape . They 're already superior athletes , " Gebrselassie says . "  For me to be there , it 's not for Bekele or Sihine , just to be in the group , to stay together , to share their experience . Most of them they know how to compete , they know how to win . " In March , Gebrselassie made the highly-publicized decision not to contest the Olympic marathon in Beijing . He insists it 's not a slight against China and the Olympic organizers but , as an asthmatic , he says the risks to his health are too great . Running the 10,000 meters was a compromise , says Jos Hermens of Global Sports Communication , Gebrselassie 's manager . Haile did n't want to disappoint his fans and fellow countrymen who had been expecting him to race . "  Of course he 's running for himself also , " Hermens says , "  But for him , it 's a team effort to run for his country . He 'll be very happy if the other two guys are doing well . I think Haile would be very happy with a bronze medal . " Would he ? "  Yeah , absolutely , " Gebrselassie insists . "  The 10,000 meters is not my event any more . If I won bronze , fine . Even if I do n't compete , I do n't mind . " While the Beijing Olympics might merit a small note on Gebrselassie 's calendar , there is a big red circle marked around September 28th , the date of the Berlin Marathon , just five weeks later . "  One of my targets this year is the Berlin Marathon , to run a good time and if possible surpass the world record , " he says . It 's a record he set in spectacular style last November , covering the 42 kilometers in just two hours , four minutes and 26 seconds . It was his 25th world record . He attempted to better the time at the Dubai Marathon in January , but missed out by a mere 27 seconds , a failure Gebrselassie blames on over-enthusiasm at the start ; he just ran too fast . "  I paid the price at the end because I could not push anymore , especially the last seven or eight kilometers , " he says . In Berlin , he 's hoping to strike the right balance of restraint and speed to take him over the line first and fastest . It wo n't be an easy feat . Training for the 10,000 meters is all about speed . After the Olympics he 'll literally have to switch gears to work on his strength and stamina . "  It 's not a normal preparation for a marathon , " Gebrselassie 's manager , Jos Hermens says . "  Normally you have a few months of preparation . It 's kind of new territory he will be in . " "  I think it will be OK because Haile 's 35 and his body is a running machine , " Hermens says . "  He 's done so much endurance , but you do n't know how the body will react . For him and for us it 's something to see because it 's never been done before at this level . " Gebrselassie is not fazed . He 's simply merged training for the two disciplines into one unconventional schedule . "  I 'm trying to work on endurance and a bit of speed . If I move completely to speed work I lose the benefits of the endurance training . I 'm trying to handle both , " he says . It seems a lot of work for someone who 's conceded that his days as the fastest man over 10,000 meters are over . He 's already passed the baton to Kenenisa Bekele , who bettered his world record over the distance in 2004 , and again in 2005 , at a blistering 26:17.53 . Gebrselassie may not be putting money on himself to win in Beijing , but he 's in no doubt that one of his Ethiopian team mates will be first across the line . "  For sure , " he says , "  No question about it . "	Marathon runner Haile Gebrselassie is one of Ethopia 's most celebrated athletes He 's aiming to break the world marathon record he set in Berlin in 2007 this year He 's contesting the 10,000 meters in Beijing Olympics but does n't expect to win Gebrselassie : "  If I won bronze , fine . Even if I do n't compete , I do n't mind "
Pakistani authorities have ordered six foreigners working for the aid group Save the Children to leave the country , officials said Thursday , suggesting the aid workers had been helping a foreign spy agency operating on Pakistani soil . An official from the Pakistani Foreign Ministry and a Pakistani security official confirmed the order and said it was linked to suspicions the foreigners had been working with the spy agency . They declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the news media . A spokesman for the Save the Children , Ghulam Qadri , denied the accusations against the organization , which operates in dozens of countries . He said officials from the Interior Ministry had n't explained why the foreign workers had to leave . The Pakistani authorities have previously alleged that Save the Children was linked to the CIA 's search in Pakistan for Osama bin Laden , accusations the organization has long denied . Bin Laden was killed in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid in Pakistan in May 2011 . "  Save the Children has never been involved in any activity beyond our mandate , " Qadri said . "  We have always cooperated with investigators and provided them with all the information they have asked for . " In a May 2011 report , Pakistani investigators alleged that Save the Children 's country director in Pakistan at the time had introduced doctor Shakil Afridi to the CIA in 2008 . Pakistani authorities accused Afridi of working with the CIA to set up a fake vaccination campaign to try verify bin Laden 's whereabouts . Save the Children denies being involved with the CIA or the search for bin Laden . Afridi "  has never worked for Save the Children , " Qadri said . "  This has been made clear . " Afridi is now serving a 33-year prison sentence related to separate charges of providing medical care for Pakistani militant groups . Qadri said the authorities had initially given Save the Children 's six foreign employees two weeks to leave the country , but the group is negotiating for more time . He said some of the employees had already left Pakistan . Save the Children says the group remains fully operational with more than 2,000 Pakistanis working in 70 districts throughout the country . "  We have a firm resolve that we will put the needs of the children first , " Qadri said . "  We 'll continue to work with the same spirit and zeal for the rights of the children in this country . "	The Pakistani authorities have previously linked Save the Children to the CIA The government has now ordered six foreigners working for the group to leave The aid group denies the accusations and says the order has n't been explained A 2011 report alleges that Save the Children helped in the hunt for bin Laden
CNN  Before Ronald Read died last summer , he was , on several occasions , the recipient of another person 's generosity . One woman , worried that the same tattered baseball cap he often wore would n't be enough to keep him warm in the Vermont winter , knitted him a hat , Read 's attorney Laurie Rowell told CNN . His khaki denim jacket was held together with a safety pin and his flannel shirt was so old , someone once paid for his breakfast at Friendly 's . "  The man ahead of him had paid for him , " Rowell said , "  Based on what he looked like and how he dressed . " Perhaps that 's why the man known for his extreme frugality and scruffy appearance decided in the years before his death that he 'd do a little giving of his own . "  The estate of Robert Read made its first distributions to Brattleboro Memorial Hospital and the Brooks Library in the amounts of $ 4.8 million and $ 1.2 million , " Read 's attorney said in a press release . Read frequented the coffee shop at the hospital for breakfast , Gina Pattison , with Brattleboro Memorial Hospital , told CNN affiliate WCAX . Pattison called Read "  a very unassuming man . " "  To find out that he had left this money to the hospital was a great surprise , " Pattison said . The president of the Board of Trustees for the Brooks Memorial Library said in a release he was delighted by the news and said Read 's donation was the largest bequest since that of George J. Brooks in 1886 . Read was in the Army during World War II before working as a mechanic with his brother for many years . After the garage was sold , Read could have taken some time to relax , but "  he did n't take to retirement very well , " Rowell said . Read eventually went to work as a part-time janitor at J.C. Penney . He finally retired in 1997 . Though his jobs never yielded large salaries , Read enjoyed investing in the stock market , always putting his money into "  dividend producing stocks , " Rowell said . He lived modestly , hating to spend money or see anything go to waste , a release from Rowell 's law firm said . "  He would n't even park close to my office because he did n't want to pay for parking , " she said . When her client died last June and she went to retrieve the appropriate estate documents from Read 's safety deposit box , she realized just how frugal he was . "  The box was completely packed tight with stock certificates , " she said . When the banker hit the final total , they all stood in shock : Read was worth more than $ 8 million . Besides his frugality , Rowell described Read as a quintessential "  Vermonter . " He was softspoken , but had a great sense of humor . He was also a very private man . "  He 'd be shocked to have this much exposure , " Rowell said . In addition to his charitable donations , Read also gave a portion of his fortune to a couple of stepchildren and friends .	Man known for extreme frugality makes generous donations to local hospital , library . Robert Read served in WWII and worked as a mechanic in Vermont . Read worth millions upon his death last summer .
CNN  -- Storms in the lower Mississippi valley Tuesday night unleashed baseball-sized hail , high winds and twisters , including one that lifted a tractor-trailer , the National Weather Service said . Meteorologists from Texas to Kentucky , a day after a similar round of storms , were flooded Tuesday evening with reports of severe storms or tornado touchdowns and resulting damage . According to the agency 's Storm Prediction Center , there were 29 tornado reports -- many in northeast Texas -- by late Tuesday , but the actual number had not been confirmed . Matt Bishop with the weather service 's Fort Worth office said the staff had heard of multiple reports of damage in northeastern Texas , although he was unaware of any injuries . "  We 're in the middle of a severe weather outbreak , " he said at 7:45 p.m. . At least two rounds of storms had struck Kaufman , Texas , about 30 miles east of Dallas , by Tuesday evening and another was on the way . "  It 's a little bit of everything around us , " said Kaufman Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Pat Laney . "  It 's been a chaotic afternoon . " She had heard of some damage , but no reports of injuries . "  We 've been very blessed , " Laney said . Two reported tornadoes touched down in Coahoma County , Mississippi , said emergency management director Johnny Tarzi . Two homes were destroyed in the city of Coahoma and five were heavily damaged in Friars Point , with about 15 sustaining minor damage . Trees and homes also were reportedly damaged at Moon Lake , said Tarzi . There were no immediate reports of injuries . Coahoma County is in western Mississippi , near the Arkansas border . The Little Rock , Arkansas , office received reports of hail , downed tree limbs and the incident involving the tractor-trailer in Coy , on U.S. 165 , said forecaster Brian Smith . About 24,000 people lost power Tuesday night in the Memphis , Tennessee , area . A twister was reported at Marion , Arkansas , west of Memphis . "  It 's going to be a busy night , " said Z.E. Ingram of the weather service 's Memphis office . The Shreveport , Louisiana , office issued about 15 tornado warnings , and had received many reports of funnel clouds and tornado touchdowns , meteorologist intern Matt Hemingway said . Meteorologists at the Tulsa , Oklahoma , office tracked a string of storms and possible tornado activity near Fort Smith , Arkansas , said forecaster Chuck Hodges . There were reports of hail and winds reaching 80 mph near Fort Smith . Forecasters issued a tornado watch for northeastern Texas , southeastern Oklahoma , eastern Arkansas , southeastern Illinois , western Kentucky , southeast Missouri , northwest Mississippi , western Tennessee , eastern Illinois , much of Indiana , northwestern Ohio and much of Michigan until 10 p.m. . This is a "  particularly dangerous situation , " the Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma , said of the outlook for tornadoes . Destructive tornadoes , softball-size hail , wind gusts to 70 mph and dangerous lightning are possible in and near this watch area . The bad weather extended to the east . A tornado warning was issued Tuesday afternoon in Rome , New York . "  Very large hail and damaging winds " can also be expected , forecasters said . Typically , only a handful of days per year reach high-risk criteria , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . On Wednesday , portions of Kentucky and Tennessee will be at moderate risk of severe thunderstorms , along with northeast and east-central Mississippi , the northern half of Alabama and northwest Georgia , the Storm Prediction Center said . An area between the Mississippi River and the Appalachian Mountains is "  likely to see a widespread/potentially dangerous severe weather event , " forecasters said . The stage may be set for a potential record-breaking month for tornadoes nationwide , according to the center . The long-term average for confirmed tornadoes in April is 116 . The previous record for April is 267 confirmed tornadoes in 1974 , which includes the historic "  superoutbreak " of April 3 and 4 that year . According to the center , the likely total of confirmed tornadoes through April 24 is between 200 and 275 . In Arkansas , more than 60,000 people were without power Tuesday after a rash of severe storms tore through the state Monday , leaving 10 dead and destroying more than a dozen homes . According to the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management , four fatalities were storm-related and six resulted from flooding . In Faulkner County , at least four people died in the severe thunderstorms , according to Faulkner County Office of Emergency Management spokesman Stephen Hawk . Two people died in Madison County , one in Washington County , two in Benton County and one in Perry County . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe toured the Faulkner County town of Vilonia on Tuesday , telling CNN affiliate KATV , "  These folks have suffered some terrible losses . " House-to-house searches were being conducted in Vilonia , Hawk said . About 15 houses are destroyed , he said , and "  within the three-mile path of the storm , everything was affected . There are untold numbers of affected houses ... The only grocery store in town , the roof was pretty much torn off . " On Monday night , Madison County Sheriff Phillip Morgan said the bodies of an elderly man and woman were found after floodwaters swept away the couple 's car on Highway 23 south of Huntsville , in northwest Arkansas . The deaths are attributed to rising flood waters along War Eagle Creek . Also in northwest Arkansas , the Washington County Sheriff 's Office confirmed the death of 38-year-old Consuelo Santillano , who authorities say was swept away by rapidly moving water across Highway 265 South . And a possible tornado struck Little Rock Air Force Base in central Arkansas , damaging at least 100 housing units and knocking out power to some parts of the base , military officials said . Bob Oldham , a spokesman for the base , reported two minor injuries and some damage to aircraft at the base . Beebe told CNN later in the day that three C-130s were damaged to the point that , according to preliminary reports , they are inoperable "  without significant repairs . " The state also saw seven deaths in an earlier round of severe weather this month . Other parts of the state were flooded after several days of unceasing rain . Steve Wilkes of Fayetteville said his house was spared damage from a nearby flooded creek , but some of his friends are dealing with flooded basements . "  I 've lived here for more than 20 years . I 've never seen anything like this in my life , " Wilkes said . "  I saw water 2 to 3 feet deep across roadways that have never flooded . " In various parts of the state , the storms flipped over cars , damaged homes and knocked out power to tens of thousands , emergency management officials said . Some areas reported gusts of up to 70 mph . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Scott Thompson , Phil Gast , Sean Morris , Anna Rhett Miller , John Branch and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Storms damage homes in Mississippi Tornado touchdowns reported near Shreveport , Louisiana Storms reported in Arkansas , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Louisiana Tornado warning in Rome , New York
CNN  -- The once-powerful Hurricane Odile weakened to a tropical storm as it worked its way across the Baja California peninsula early Tuesday . Still packing 65 mph winds , the storm lashed the region with torrential rains and the potential for flash flooding , according to the National Hurricane Center . Rainfall amounts of 6-12 inches are forecast , with isolated amounts of up to 18 inches . Odile left a mess in its wake -- snapped palm trees , washed out roads and tapped tourists trapped at Mexican resorts . The storm left stunned residents and tourists in its wake . Sarah McKinney , who was in Cabo San Lucas on maternity leave from her job in Arkansas when the then-Category 3 storm hit with 125 mph winds Sunday night , tweeted photos of the wreckage Monday : the collapsed roof of a restaurant , a shuttle van flipped over , a resort 's swimming pool pushed into the ocean . Every car she walked by after the storm had broken windows , she wrote . The normally pristine marina in the idyllic resort town was littered with debris . "  2 days ago we walked along the marina happy with not a care in the world , " she said . "  Today I 'm shocked and saddened . " The powerful storm caused severe damage at the airport in Los Cabos , Mexico 's national director of civil protection said , according to CNN affiliate FOROtv . Early Tuesday the storm was about 25 miles  40 km  west-northwest of Santa Rosalina , Mexico , packing winds of 65 mph  100 kph  as it headed northwest . It was expected to continue to weaken , becoming a tropical depression on Wednesday , forecasters said . On Sunday , gales from Odile whipped torrents of rain ashore , chasing visitors in popular tourist destinations into close quarters . Streets in Cabo San Lucas were drenched . Palm trees were knocked over , and outdoor markets were trashed . Raul Frias , from Mexico City , was at Club Regina in Cabo when he tweeted that he felt a "  great vibration " in a shelter and that something "  big was coming down . " McKinney and her newborn daughter , Madison , had already evacuated out of harm 's way from their first hotel to a second one . But even there , the room roared like a wind tunnel as Odile passed over . At least 15,000 tourists were sharing McKinney 's experience in Cabo , Mexican civil defense official Luis Felipe Puente said . She piled up her belongings in the bathtub to protect them from the water seeping through the door to her room . She dammed it up with a mattress , but it still came in about an inch deep . "  I 've cleared the beds and linen closets and have my daughter and I held up in the bathroom , " she told CNN . Then the winds subsided . Madison fell asleep . "  The pressure was horrific , but now it is eerily calm -- just how people describe when the eye passes over , " she said . But then the winds smacked the hotel again , and McKinney headed back into the bathroom . "  The backhalf is definitely worse , " she posted to Twitter . "  More debris and stronger winds and rain . Bedroom is getting soaked from water seeping in . " Odile was earlier predicted to bring possibly life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said Sunday . Ports and beaches have been closed , and school classes and celebrations for Mexico 's Independence Day were canceled in Baja California Sur state . Independence Day is Tuesday . CNNMexico.com , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Ashley Fantz , Nelson Qui  ones , Nick Parker and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Odile weakens to a tropical storm , forecasters say As a hurricane , Odile hit the southern tip of Baja California Sur late Sunday An American mother on maternity leave holes up with her newborn in a hotel Forecasters warn of destructive waves and life-threatening floods
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " Peggy Sue Gerron , left , and Jerry Allison , right , at Buddy Holly 's wedding to Maria Elena Holly . CNN  -- After days on end of grim and dreary news , the first weekend of spring is with us , and with its arrival comes , to many people , the yearly promise of new romance and a chance for lasting love . But if figuring out the secrets of how to revive a battered economy is something that is complicated and elusive , that quandary is simple in comparison to matters of the heart . The legendary experts on romance , star-crossed and otherwise , are generally not available for comment . Romeo and Juliet have left the building . However , there is one person I know who has a better feel for the vagaries of love than most , and I sought her out the other day . "  Spring is the time when you allow yourself to hope that love will come around again , " said Peggy Sue Gerron . You may not recognize her full name , but you sure do recognize the first part of it . Yep -- she 's that Peggy Sue . The Peggy Sue of Buddy Holly 's unforgettable 1957 hit , a song of longing and heartbreak that is instantly familiar today even to people who were n't born until decades after it came out . "  If you knew Peggy Sue , then you 'd know why I feel blue ... " Juliet , that other symbol of the glory of love , may have been a fictional creation of William Shakespeare 's imagination , but Peggy Sue was , and is , real . She lives in West Texas , just as she did when Buddy Holly recorded the song . She was actually not even his girlfriend , although she sensed a certain yearning on his part . She was the girlfriend of Jerry Allison , the drummer for the Crickets , Holly 's band . "  I think the reason people think about finding love in the spring is that the season represents new beginnings , " she said . "  The flowers are blooming . The air smells good . You feel that you have a chance . " In the song , Peggy Sue , implicitly , was the one who did the dumping , not the one who got dumped . But time has made her understand : "  I think , I really believe , that on a rare occasion , two people in life run across each other in a path like two comets . And when it happens , I think that feeling lasts forever . " Which is to say : With a love so rare and true . And that , she said , is what makes people keep looking for love regardless of how many times they may have tried and failed . She has a theory of what being in love does to a person : "  Your eyes are a little bit shinier and your skin is a little bit clearer when you 're in love . When you meet that person , you think : Whatever you 're doing , I want to be right beside you when you 're doing it . I want to be near you just because I like to see your smile . " Not that being Peggy Sue means she has all the answers . "  I do n't , " she said . She is 68 now ; she has been married twice , divorced twice . When she introduces herself to new people , they often say , "  Oh -- like the Peggy Sue in the song ! " Sometimes she tells them she is in fact that Peggy Sue ; sometimes she lets it go . It 's an uphill battle to convince them she 's not kidding . And as the woman who eternally will be a symbol of true love 's ways , she thinks she understands why people never give up on hoping to find the right person . "  You have a tendency to put the walls up after you 've been hurt , " she said . "  You think it 's not worth trying again . But then you do it anyway . It 's like it 's not even up to you . It 's stronger than your intellect . " For those who , as spring arrives , have just lost a great love , her advice for dealing with the sadness is to remember that some people never find love in their whole lives . "  Even if you 're the one to get left , you 've been lucky to have the feeling . And the feeling , unlike the person , will never leave you . " Somewhere this spring -- many somewheres , undoubtedly -- the words , sung for the first time more than 50 years ago , will come blasting once again out of a car dashboard 's speakers : "  Pretty , pretty , pretty , pretty Peggy Sue . " And people in 2009 , hearing it , will remember anew just how much happiness the right person can bring . "  When I first heard the song , " Peggy Sue said , "  I just thought the drums and the lyrics and the melody were so great , it made me want to get up and dance . As I grew older , it began to seem like more of a love song to me . It began to seem more like a song about not giving up . " Living in Lubbock , Texas , a ham radio enthusiast in an age of Twitter and text messages , she said she is currently not dating anyone . And with the arrival of spring , and its universal promise of life 's best possibilities , she acknowledges that there is hope in her own heart , too . "  Always , " said Peggy Sue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Peggy Sue , of famous Buddy Holly song , lives in west Texas He says she has a theory about what love does to a person Greene : As spring arrives , Peggy Sue admits she has hope in her heart
CNN  -- It might be Brazil . Argentina , perhaps . Maybe Spain will reign again . But it is highly likely it wo n't be England who lift the World Cup in Rio this July , says their former boss Fabio Capello . The 67-year-old , who is now manager of Russia , thinks his former charges will run out of puff this summer . "  It 's really important which physical condition the teams arrive at the World Cup , " Capello told CNN 's World Sport . "  England are always tired because they play too many games . " It 's not the first time Capello has asserted his belief that England 's international prospects could benefit from a pause in the long Premier League campaign . "  It 's like when you 're driving a car : if you stop halfway to put fuel in then you 'll definitely get where you want to go , " the Italian said last year . Capello ' four-year England reign ended abruptly when he resigned in February 2012 . His tenure was marked by his poor grasp of English -- he famously said in 2011 that he only needed a 100-word vocabulary to talk to his players -- and overseeing a humiliating 4-1 defeat against Germany at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Capello raged theatrically at his players from the touchline that day , but now reflects more soberly . "  When you win everything is perfect . When you lose , everything is wrong . This is the history of football . But we did n't play really , really well . Also the big mistake from the referee , " he says , referring to Frank Lampard 's goal that never was as England tumbled out of the 2010 tournament . The English media never holds back in its forensic analysis of England managers and Capello also faced criticism for the stifling security of the team 's training camp at Royal Bafokeng Sports Complex . "  The camp was perfect , " said the Italian in an answer to a question as to whether the criticism surrounding "  Camp Capello " had been fair . However , Capello is confident he has made the right choice for Russia 's base in the town of Itu -- close to Sao Paulo -- for the forthcoming World Cup . "  I went to Brazil looking for a camp and we are lucky because we were the second on their list where we stay now , after Germany . "  If Germany had chosen this place ... but they changed because they built a new camp especially for Germany . "  We are really lucky because it 's one of the best camps in terms of location , distance from the airport , everything . We are really happy . " Now the veteran coach is relishing the task at hand this coming June and further ahead to 2018 when Russia will host the World Cup for the first time . "  We are back in the World Cup after 12 years , the experience is really important for the players , " he says . "  The expectation for the World Cup in 2018 is really big . We need to build 12 new stadiums , infrastructure , everything . That will be a really big job . " As it was with England , expectations in Russia are high for this year 's tournament , but who are the other teams Capello is backing to do well this summer ? "  Brazil is my favorite team because I saw the games they played in the Confederations Cup , " he says . "  They improved a lot game after game and they are really strong . The quality is not the top like normal Brazilian players , but they are compact and they are really physically strong . "  After Brazil I think in terms of quality comes Argentina . Lionel Messi always makes the difference , as we just saw in the game Barcelona v Real Madrid . " Capello also believes Jose Pekerman 's Colombia side or a Uruguay team spurred on by strikers Edison Cavani and Luis Suarez could pose a threat . "  After this in Europe it 's Spain , the World Cup champions . And Germany . Always ! I do n't know why but they always  finish  in the first four . " Read more : Capello : ` Sport is outside politics '	Former England boss says players are too tired to perform Capello says too many league matches blunt England 's cutting edge Italian , now in charge of Russia , backs Brazil and Argentina to shine at World Cup
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 28 people , many of them Hindu pilgrims , were killed and eight were injured when they were hit by an express train at a station in eastern India on Monday , authorities said . The people were getting off a local passenger train when the fast-moving express train plowed into them , officials said . People at the station reacted furiously , setting the express train on fire and severely beating its driver , railway officials said . The collision took place around 9:15 a.m. Monday at Dhamara station in the eastern state of Bihar , said Syed Parvez Alam , a senior local official who gave the approximate death toll . "  It 's very difficult to give exact number of casualties right now as bodies are badly crushed , " a top Bihar police official , S.K. Bharadwaj , told reporters . The deaths are another shocking example of the thousands of people who are reported killed on the tracks of India 's colossal rail system each year . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed "  deep sorrow and shock at the loss of lives of pilgrims , " his office said in a statement . Officials resign after stampede at rail stations kills 36 A Hindu holy month Monday is an auspicious day in the holy month of Shravan , when many devotees of Shiva , the Hindu god of destruction , head to holy sites across the country . India 's state-run railway authorities said the local train passengers were walking on the tracks when the express train struck them . "  This station is a station in which there were two trains that were already standing because they were supposed to stop there and a super-fast express train was made to pass through there as part of the schedule , " Arunendra Kumar , the chairman of the Indian Railway Board , told reporters . "  The passengers got out of the train and got on to the track , and they were moving on that track at the time the train came and got run over , " Kumar said . He said that it was n't yet the right time "  to talk about responsibility " and that "  the primary focus is on relief . " Train mows down three elephants in India Driver ` brutally beaten ' But Adhir Ranjan Choudhary , the Indian minister of state for railways , said that relief trains sent to the area had had to stop far away from the scene because of the violent reaction by the people there . The relief trains are waiting for police to reach the scene before they enter the area , Choudhary told reporters . Kumar said the driver of the express train was being treated for serious injuries at a hospital after being "  brutally beaten " by the angry people at the station . In his statement , the prime minister appealed for calm "  so that the relief and rescue operations can be carried out without any hindrance . " About 15,000 people die each year simply trying to cross India 's mammoth network of railway lines , a report by a safety panel said last year . People are dying , it said , because of unmanned train crossings and a lack of barricades , fences and pedestrian bridges . Or the platforms are too narrow and stations lack facilities such as elevators for the disabled . CNN 's Sumnima Udas , Harmeet Shah Singh and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : The train driver is seriously injured after being beaten , a railway official says An express train hit people who were on the tracks , officials say They had just gotten off a local train at a station in Bihar state People at the scene reacted by setting the express train on fire , an official says
CNN  -- Singer Kelly Osbourne , the daughter of rocker Ozzy Osbourne , checked herself into "  a medical facility to address some personal issues , " her London publicist confirmed Friday . Kelly Osbourne is struggling with "  some personal issues , " according to her spokeswoman . The British Press Association cited an unnamed source saying Osbourne , 24 , is being treated at the Hazelden retreat in Oregon . "  Kelly Osbourne has voluntarily entered a medical facility to address some personal issues , " spokeswoman Caroline Barrett said in a statement e-mailed to CNN . "  Her family stands by and supports her . " Osbourne was jailed in London in January on a charge of assaulting a British newspaper gossip columnist at a London nightclub last summer . She was freed on bail . She 's been absent in recent weeks from a British radio talk show in which she dispenses life advice to young people . Her father , who rose to fame with the heavy metal group Black Sabbath , and mother Sharon revealed nearly five years ago that Kelly Osbourne entered the Promises rehab facility in Malibu , California , for treatment of a painkiller addiction . Their revelation came in an appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in May 2004 . "  We just had to take evasive action very quickly , because the amount of pills that was found in her bag was astounding , " Ozzy Osbourne told Larry King . Kelly Osbourne gained fame as a teenager when her family opened up their lives to cameras for an MTV reality show "  The Osbournes . " She used the exposure to launch her own music career .	Kelly Osbourne in "  medical facility to address some personal issues " Daughter of Ozzy Osbourne had been doing radio advice show Kelly Osbourne first became known from MTV 's "  The Osbournes "
CNN  -- Evans Wadongo , 23 , invented a way for rural families in Kenya to replace smoky kerosene and firelight with solar power . Through his Use Solar , Save Lives program , he has distributed an estimated 10,000 solar lanterns for free . Wadongo 's work earned him a spot as one of CNN 's Top 10 Heroes for 2010 . Below are his thoughts on being selected for this honor . Q : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Evans Wadongo : I was sitting watching a comedy show on a local TV station here in Nairobi when I got the call from CNN . At first , I thought they were just calling to ask questions . Then I was told I was in the Top 10 . Wow ! I am so , so excited . I wish to thank the Blue Ribbon Panel for choosing me . I really feel humbled , considering all the amazing work being done by all of the CNN Heroes highlighted this year . Q : What will this exposure -- and the $ 25,000 award you 'll receive for being a Top 10 CNN Hero -- mean to your work ? Wadongo : I do hope that being in the Top 10 will create even more publicity about the work that we are doing to help poor communities . We really hope to get support from individuals -- and more so from corporate companies and other nonprofits -- to reach our target of lifting 100,000 households out of poverty by 2015 , by giving them lamps and helping them to set up economic ventures . We want to set up a modern workshop , with modern equipment that will include a plastic recycling plant , all for making the lamps . We need support to do this . Q : What do you want people to know most about the importance of your work ? Wadongo : Just seeing livelihoods change , especially from the small economic ventures that are being set up -LSB- with -RSB- the money initially spent on kerosene ... it 's the best thing we can ever do for these communities . I can talk and talk forever , I am just so excited now . I really feel encouraged , and I will wake up with more energy to do more .	Evans Wadongo is supplying Kenyans in rural areas with solar-powered LED lanterns The free lanterns allow families to save the money they would normally spend on kerosene Wadongo on being chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero : It gives me "  energy to do more "
CNN  -- For some Republicans , 2016 is 1992 : Hating Hillary Clinton is chic again . Only more so , since the former secretary of state is also the partner of and potential successor to the last two Democratic presidents $ " Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . Some of us believe , with good reasons , that the Republicans are "  mad-dogging " Hillary Clinton with the Benghazi hearing to damage not only her presidential prospects , but also to damage President Obama 's credibility . Polls show Obama is trusted more than his Washington opponents , especially on the economy . So , to defeat his economic agenda and substitute their own , which has already lost on logic , they 've decided to undermine Obama 's credibility and authority . The Benghazi hearing , which House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , orchestrated and planned for months , is a classic "  killing two birds with one stone " scenario for Republicans . Or maybe three : They see an opportunity to smear Obama , sabotage Clinton and fundraise like giddy televangelists . Benghazi hearing chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , said Clinton is not a target of his committee . That does n't seem to jibe with statements by GOP Sens. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , among others . And further contradicting Issa 's protestation , the National Republican Congressional Committee was boasting that its Clinton/Benghazi fundraising page was the most successful in its history . Benghazi is a rather unseemly subject to turn into a political weapon . It 's one thing to try to drag the former secretary of state through the mud . But the Republicans are trying to drag her through blood -- blood that 's tainted with partisan politics . The Republicans cut the funding for embassy security by $ 128 million in 2011 and $ 331 million in 2012 . Clinton warned that doing so would be "  detrimental to national security . " Republicans scoffed then , scream now . Obama called the Benghazi hearing a circus . He 's right . It 's not a transparent , due process hearing . Democrats have complained they were excluded from much of the investigations , were n't allowed to call witnesses or to look at documents . As Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland and ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , said Wednesday after the White House 's release of approximately 100 pages of e-mails relating to the attacks in Benghazi : "  These documents undercut the reckless accusations by Republicans that the White House scrubbed the Benghazi talking points for political reasons and in fact show just the opposite $ " that the primary goal was to protect the FBI 's ongoing criminal investigation and our nation 's intelligence operations . " Chaffetz : Obama has explaining to do on Benghazi A transparent , due-process hearing would call the witnesses who would testify that the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli mistakenly believed Katibat Ansar al-Sharia in Benghazi had claimed credit for the attack . The group did n't make the claim and later denied any role . But that was an on-the-ground , in-the-moment embassy mistake .  While no friend of the United States , the Benghazi al-Sharia organization has not , so far , been implicated in terrorist activity . It came from mistaken identity : There were two distinct and unrelated Ansar al-Sharia militant groups in Libya . Even Fox News interviewed an expert , J. Peter Pham of the Atlantic Council , who said these groups have no formal affiliation with each other . They are grass-roots up organizations , whereas al Qaeda organizes from the top down . It is suspected that the Ansar al-Sharia in Derna was involved in the attack in Benghazi that killed four Americans . Its leader is a former prisoner at Guantanamo who was released under the Bush administration and deported to Libya for jail . Gadhafi later released him . In a transparent hearing we would learn that the Republicans ' chief witness , Deputy Chief of Mission Gregory Hicks , was likely , even today , in error about which Ansar al-Sharia was involved . It is the difference between a local militant militia group and professional terrorists . Hicks clearly was referring to the Benghazi al Sharia when he testified about his concern that Ambassador Chris Stevens was taken to the hospital that the Benghazi group then guarded . But , this week the same hospital was bombed ; the rival al-Shaira group in Derna , with al Qaeda links , is a reasonable suspect . Getting the facts right matters . Getting the truth matters . Posturing for propaganda points not only misleads us , it endangers us . For whatever the Benghazi hearings are about , they 're not about learning the lessons from this tragedy and improving securities at American embassies and other facilities overseas . They are , in fact , a partisan campaign fundraiser for the Republican Party , and not a fact-finding inquiry to help the State Department and military correct their mistakes . Karl Rove 's American Crossroads super PAC has already taken on Hillary Clinton , spending megabucks on a 2016 attack ad that savages her judgments . Some Republicans , to their credit , ca n't stomach any more from their fellow Republicans . Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , a Republican , appeared on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " and said he would have handled Benghazi just as Obama handled it . He added a flat , "  No " that he did not think Hillary Clinton would be involved in any kind of a cover-up . Bill Kristol , conservative editor and commentator , told Fox News Sunday , "  I wish the Republicans would just be quiet for a while and that the partisan Republican groups that are fundraising off this would be quiet ... for a while ... and let 's find out what really happened . " Amen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Benghazi hearings aimed at hurting Clinton prospects for 2016 She says hearings cooked up by Boehner . GOP says not aimed at Clinton , but statements belie this She says Dems excluded from much of probe , including calling witnesses who could shed light Brazile : Facts , truth matter , but hearings aimed at fundraising for 2016 race against Clinton
CNN  -- Researchers announced this week that they 've found a new gene , ALS6 , which is responsible for about 5 percent of hereditary Lou Gehrig 's cases . The discovery of a new gene mutation may allow those with ALS in their family to be tested . It 's being called a "  momentous discovery " by the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association . Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital , the University of Massachusetts and Kings College in London found the mutation by doing detailed sequencing of the genes in several families with an inherited form of ALS . The findings are published in the February 27 issue of the journal Science and were partially funded by the ALS Association . ALS , a disease of the nervous system , impairs muscle movement and eventually results in total paralysis . It was brought to national attention in 1939 , when famed Yankee baseball player Lou Gehrig 's illness was diagnosed as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . Today , the disease is most commonly known by his name . ALS6 is a protein normally found inside a cell 's nucleus , but in patients with Lou Gehrig 's disease , it is found outside the nucleus and sometimes forms unusual clumps . ALS researchers are unsure why this occurs but believe this finding , combined with a gene they discovered last year , TDP-43 , may lead them to a firmer idea of what causes this deadly disease . Both genes help in building and transporting proteins and making sure they 're in the right place in cell structure -- a process called RNA processing . Lucie Bruijn , senior vice president of research and development at the ALS Association , likens this process to building an engine : If there are parts missing or placed in the wrong place or in the wrong way , the engine does n't work right . "  Everything has an exquisite role and has to be in the right place , and any imbalance ... can cause things to go awry , " Bruijn said . "  It 's exciting because what it 's starting to tell us now is that we might be starting to get an underlying theme , " Bruijn said . "  We now have two genes with similar function strengthening the idea that alterations in RNA processing is important in ALS . A completely new direction and also involved in many other neurodegenerative diseases . " She believes this gives researchers "  huge " potential to develop new therapies . And new therapies are needed . There is no cure and only one treatment for ALS , a neurodegenerative disease that seems to progressively attack the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . These attacks can cause symptoms such as muscle weakness , twitching , cramping and thick speech , eventually leading to paralysis . According to the ALS Association , the disease strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year , and about 10 percent of those cases are hereditary . The discovery of this new gene mutation will also allow those with ALS in their family to be tested for another gene  this makes three genes  . Bruijn says a test "  will be possible ; however , currently , it is not widely accessible " and "  it would only be used in familial ALS patients . "	Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association calls ALS gene discovery "  momentous " Two genes discovered in last 12 months could hold key for new therapies Genetic testing useful only for those with hereditary ALS ALS , or Lou Gehrig 's disease , strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year
CNN  -- Bubba Watson believes he can now challenge golf 's top stars after heading off three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson for an emotional victory at Torrey Pines in California on Sunday . The 32-year-old climbed 15 places in the world rankings to 18th as he claimed the second PGA Tour title of his career at the Farmers Insurance Open , while fellow American Mickelson reclaimed the No. 4 spot after finishing second on his first start this season . Watson started the final round one shot behind joint overnight leader Mickelson but carded an impressive five-under-par 67 , which included six birdies and just one bogey , to finish the San Diego tournament on 16 under . World number four Mickelson could have forced Watson into a playoff had he made eagle on the 18th hole , but a miss from 72 yards allowed his Florida-born opponent to celebrate victory by just a single shot . Mickelson 's fellow overnight leader Bill Haas faded badly on the final day , finishing on nine under after a 75 . For Watson the victory was particularly emotional following the death of his father to cancer last year , shortly after his only other PGA Tour win at the Travelers Championship in Connecticut . "  It means a lot , " he told reporters . "  I 'll probably cry all day , just like last time . " The 32-year-old said the win had given him the confidence to compete with the world 's best at major championships . "  In my mind , I believe I can be a top-five player . I want to . I want to be number one in the world . I want to win every golf tournament , " he said . "  I want to perform every week . I want to be on every Ryder Cup team , every Presidents Cup team . I believe I can do it . I truly believe it . " San Diego-born Mickelson , a three-time winner on the Torrey Pines course , said he was disappointed not to have made a better start to the season at his local tournament . "  I wanted to start the year off with a win , " the 40-year-old said . "  But on the other hand , I played really good golf and gave myself an opportunity . "  I played well on Sunday and had a good tournament . Hopefully , I 'll use this as a springboard for next week . " Former world number one Tiger Woods made a poor start to 2011 , finishing in a disappointing 44th position . In his first competition of the year , the event 's five-time champion failed to birdie any of the par-fives and finished with a round of 75 . "  I have some work to do . There 's no doubt about that , " the American said . "  I hit it as pure as I could possibly hit it starting out , but got nothing out of it . " Venezuelan rookie Jhonattan Vegas followed up his victory at the Bob Hope Classic last weekend with a third-place finish as he ended the tournament on 13 under along with American Dustin Johnson . Vegas shot 68 , and his third bogey of the day at 18 meant he shared the prize money with Johnson , who ended with two birdies in his flawless 66 . D.A. Points was fourth on 12 under after a 67 , while fellow Americans Nick Watney  63  , Anthony Kim  72  and Hunter Mahan  72  were tied for sixth on 10 under . Watney , starting on the back nine of the South Course , started with five successive birdies , picked up three more from 16 , and capped his round with an eagle three at the sixth .	America 's Bubba Watson claims second PGA Tour title at Torrey Pines , California Watson beats compatriot Phil Mickelson by one shot to win Farmers Insurance Open Emotional victory for 32-year-old Watson , who last year lost his father to cancer Former world number one Tiger Woods finishes in a disappointing 44th place
CNN  -- The Balkans are enduring the worst floods since records began 120 years ago . The situation is being exacerbated by the risk of landmines from the Bosnia war resurfacing . Already 26 bodies have been recovered , and rescuers expect to find more as flood waters recede . Even though the intense rainfall subsided Monday , the disaster is far from over . CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said flooding in the region will last at least another week -- and in some places , it could get worse . Southern Europe is no stranger to heavy rain events : the low pressure system currently drenching the Balkan Peninsula was detached from the main weather pattern and is known as a "  cutoff low . " This meteorological event has slowly dumped more than 100 millimeters of rain in only a few days , leaving rivers swollen and towns underwater . A cutoff low is similar to an eddy in the curve of a river that becomes isolated from the main current . Like a curve in a river , a cutoff low begins as a dip  trough  in the winds known as the westerlies . When one of these eddies becomes cut off from the main westerly flow , the closed circulation can last for two to three days on average . In the case of last week , the cutoff low lasted up to four days and dumped two months ' worth of rain . During the first stage of a cutoff low , a deep trough of cold air will dip south resembling an upside-down Omega-type shape in the jetstream . Cold air will then start to encircle the low on the west side , as the warm humid air moves north along the east side of the low . Eventually the warm air will wrap completely around , creating a pocket of cold air within the core of the low pressure system . The low will now drift slower than if it was a part of the main jetstream . Over the course of an average of two to three days -- occasionally as much as 10 or more -- the low-pressure system will merge back with the jetstream as the next dip  trough  digs southward and picks up the cutoff low . The existence of a cutoff low pattern occurs most commonly in Southern Europe , according to a 2004 study of cutoff low systems in the Northern Hemisphere . Other areas also mentioned in the study were the eastern Atlantic coast , the North Pacific and the Northern China-Siberian region . The effect of this weather system is exacerbated in the Balkans , where rivers are used to move trade and goods . CNN Weather Anchor Mari Ramos explained how the region is affected . "  Serbia , for example , is landlocked . Historically , the Sava and Danube rivers are the main commerce line to the Black Sea in the east and to the rest of Europe in the west . "  Rivers also supply hydrolectric power . You might think , more water means more power , but that is not necessarily the case . Excessively high water levels -- just like extremely low levels -- affect the efficiency level and energy output . Many smaller power stations are flooded -- some temporarily , while others are permanently damaged . " Rivers in the Balkans also represent the main supply of fresh water . "  High water levels contaminate water treatment plants leaving thousands without drinking water , " Ramos explained . Water is also used for industry so factories , fisheries and agriculture are all affected by these floods , she added . Read more : Epic flooding raises fears about landmines surfacing	The Balkans are enduring the worst flooding in 120 years , since record keeping began 26 bodies have been recovered , and rescuers expect to find more as waters recede The low pressure system drenching the peninsula is known as a "  cutoff low " Last week , the cutoff low lasted up to four days and dumped two months ' worth of rain
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge appointed TJ Jackson , the 34-year-old son of Tito Jackson , as temporary guardian of Michael Jackson 's three children in the absence of their grandmother , Katherine Jackson . "  We have reason to believe that Mrs. Jackson has been held against her will , " Katherine Jackson attorney Sandra Ribera told Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff at a hearing Wednesday . Immediately after the hearing however , another attorney for Jackson , Perry Sanders , said he had been told by Randy Jackson that his mother was on her way back to California . Sanders , who later spoke to his client as she was being driven home , said he will file a petition to restore her as custodian as soon as he meets with her . Katherine Jackson was unaware of the controversy swirling around her family for the past week , he said . Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show Beckloff suspended Katherine Jackson as custodian for Prince , Paris and Prince Michael II , known as Blanket , because she may be "  prevented from acting as a guardian because of the acts of third parties . " He also ordered "  that the children not be removed from California without a court order , by any person . " The judge also ordered that Diana Ross , whom Michael Jackson named as backup guardian in his will , and Debbie Rowe , the biological mother of the two oldest children , be given notice of the order . The order will be reconsidered at a hearing next month , and the judge left open the possibility that custody could be returned sooner if Katherine Jackson returns home . Katherine Jackson finally called her home Tuesday night after being out of communication for nine days , her lawyer said . TJ Jackson , whom Katherine Jackson left in charge of the children when she left home on July 15 , said he was disturbed by how she sounded . "  I 've never heard my grandmother talk like that , " he said about that phone call . "  She was n't sharp . Her words were slurred . Her choice of vocabulary , I never heard her use those phrases . " His lawyer said that "  maybe she was trying to speak to him in code . " Ribera said one of the children told her it sounded like she was not alone during that call . Sanders said the call was made after he met with Jermaine and Janet Jackson at a spa near Tucson , Arizona , on Tuesday night to resolve the controversy over Katherine Jackson 's whereabouts . They did not , however , allow him to meet or talk with her , he said . Katherine Jackson , 82 , left the home she shares with Michael Jackson 's children on July 15 . She had not contacted them before Tuesday , though a Los Angeles County sheriff 's investigation concluded she was safe in Arizona . Jackson family feud caught on tape Katherine Jackson has custody of Michael Jackson 's children and a 20 % share in her son 's huge estate . Her husband , Joe Jackson , and her eight surviving children were completely left out of Michael Jackson 's will when the pop star died in 2009 . Authorities got involved when her nephew Trent filed a missing person report with the sheriff 's office over the weekend . Security camera video obtained by CNN captured a tense scene at the Calabasas , California , home she shares with her three grandchildren . Siblings Janet , Jermaine and Randy Jackson attempted to persuade the older children , Prince and Paris , to leave Katherine Jackson 's home with them Monday . Paris and Prince resisted , according to three sources with knowledge of the incident , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . The video shows Janet Jackson apparently trying to take a cell phone away from Paris and scolding her niece for using her phone to write about family issues on Twitter , according to the three sources . Paris , Michael Jackson 's 14-year-old daughter , posted a Twitter message at about the same time : "  got ta love fam . " Meanwhile , 15-year-old Prince is seen walking away from his Uncle Randy into the home 's security office . Paris soon followed , and Randy and Janet Jackson appeared to be recording the incident with their cell phones . Minutes later , sheriff 's deputies broke up a scuffle involving Randy and Jermaine Jackson and Trent Jackson , who works for their mother , according to several people who witnessed it . No one was arrested , although a battery report was taken and an investigation is ongoing , Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The Jackson strife : Family bickering	A lawyer says there 's reason to believe "  Mrs. Jackson has been held against her will " She was reported missing over the weekend amid a family dispute The judge appoints TJ Jackson as temporary guardian "  I 've never heard my grandmother talk like that , " TJ Jackson says about a phone call
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen 's plea deal to resolve felony domestic violence charges in Aspen , Colorado , will allow the actor to serve his jail term at a Malibu , California , rehab center , his lawyer said Monday . "  Guilty as charged , your honor , " Sheen answered when the judge asked for his plea . But "  as charged " did not include a felony count . It was dropped in exchange for Sheen 's guilty plea to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count , Pitkin County , Colorado , court spokesman Rob McCallum said . The case stemmed from Sheen 's arrest on Christmas Day after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen police he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . "  We 're very pleased with the plea , " defense lawyer Yale Galanter said after Monday 's sentencing . Sheen , in a statement issued through his publicist , said he was "  very grateful . " "  I look forward to complying with the court 's decision , getting on with my life and putting this behind me , " he said . The 30-day jail sentence could be completed quickly since the judge will count time the actor spent at the same rehab facility -- Promises of Malibu -- earlier this year , McCallum said . Sheen , 44 , also will serve three months of unsupervised probation and attend 36 hours of domestic violence evaluation and treatment . The sentence means that Sheen can be on the set in Burbank , California , when production on the new season of his hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " resumes Tuesday morning , Galanter said . Mark Burg , who is Sheen 's manager , said show production will not be affected . "  Thankfully , the Pitkin County court is letting him keep three  hundred  or four hundred people employed each week . " "  We employ a lot of people , " Burg said . "  And Charlie , without him , there is no show . " A former Aspen police officer who interviewed Mueller and took photos after the incident said she was "  appalled " that Sheen got the "  lightest possible sentence imaginable . " "  I wish that the judge could have seen what Mrs. Sheen looked like on that Christmas Day , " said Valerie McFarlane , who lost her job with the Aspen Police Department earlier this year in an unrelated matter . Galanter , who also has represented Sheen 's wife , said she is "  totally on board " with the plea agreement . "  Brooke wanted the charges dismissed completely and still does , " Galanter said . Sheen 's legal trouble began last Christmas morning when his wife called police . "  My husband had me with a knife and I 'm scared for my life and he threatened me , " Mueller , 32 , told a police dispatcher . A police report quoted Mueller saying Sheen held a switchblade knife to her throat as he held her down on her bed . "  You better be in fear , " the report alleged Sheen told his wife . "  If you tell anybody , I 'll kill you . Your mother 's money means nothing . I have ex-police I can hire who know how to get the job done and they wo n't leave any trace . " An Aspen police officer wrote that he saw "  red marks on the upper part of the front of her neck . " Sheen denied attacking his wife , but admitted breaking her glasses , the police report said . The argument began when Mueller became jealous that Sheen "  shared a song for his daughter , whom he fathered with another woman , " the officer quoted Sheen as saying . Sheen told police he became angry when his wife threatened to divorce him and fight for custody of their twin sons , the report said . Aspen police charged Sheen with felony second-degree assault , felony menacing and a misdemeanor charge of criminal mischief . He was booked under his birth name , Carlos Irwin Estevez . Both Sheen and Mueller , 32 , entered substance abuse rehabilitation several weeks after the incident . The couple was married in 2008 . Their twin sons , Max and Bob , celebrated their first birthday in March . The son of actor Martin Sheen , Charlie Sheen recently signed a new contract to continue with "  Two and a Half Men . "	NEW : An officer who investigated Sheen case said she was "  appalled " by sentence NEW : Sheen will get credit for the days he 's already spent in rehab Lawyer : "  We are very pleased with the plea " Sheen will be on the set when "  Two and a Half Men " production resumes Tuesday
CNN  -- Officials in Michigan Thursday urged residents living near the Kalamazoo River oil spill to evacuate the area because of health concerns . Between 30 and 50 homes are thought to be affected by the request , which was made by the Calhoun County Public Health Department . The Environmental Protection Agency indicated Thursday the spill is largely contained . Oil leaked Monday from a 30-inch pipeline , owned by Enbridge Energy Partners -- moving from Talmadge Creek into the Kalamazoo River , which flows from near the city of Battle Creek into Lake Michigan . The pipeline normally carries 190,000 barrels of oil per day from Griffith , Indiana , to Sarnia , Ontario . The leak was stopped Tuesday , but not before an estimated 19,500 barrels of oil slipped out . The cause of the spill is under investigation . "  The Health Department is recommending evacuation due to the higher-than-acceptable levels of benzene found in air quality tests and the adverse long-term affect associated with exposure , " officials said in a statement . Benzene can cause drowsiness , dizziness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , headaches , tremors , confusion , or unconsciousness , the department said . Health officials have advised residents to stay away from oil fumes and to avoid the spill site . The spill covers 25 miles and resources will be put in full force to prevent it from contaminating Morrow Lake and Lake Michigan , Environmental Protection Agency 's Ralph Dollhopf said Thursday . "  We do n't anticipate  the spill  getting beyond the containment it already has , " Dollhopf . Enbridge said that 2,400 barrels of oil have been recovered and pumped into large tanks by noon Thursday . An additional 10,000 barrels of oil have been isolated into a holding area and will be pumped into holding tanks , the company said . Enbridge and the EPA doubled their resources in their bid to contain and clean up the spill and crews were busy along the river Thursday . Mark Durno , the EPA 's deputy incident commander for the site , said that the oil had n't reached the popular Morrow Lake , between Battle Creek and the city of Kalamazoo , and that holding the oil back from the lake will be "  the last line of defense . " Tom Sands , a Michigan state police captain overseeing Michigan 's emergency response , said he saw an oil sheen on the lake . He also said containment efforts were falling short . He said he perused the area the day before and said more collections sites were needed . "  This is a serious situation and we need more resources to that area , " Sands said . The action came a day after Gov. Jennifer Granholm demanded a large response to the spill , which was estimated at 19,500 barrels of oil . Enbridge Energy Partners stopped the leak from its pipeline and is committed to cleaning up the oil , its CEO said Wednesday . "  Our intent is to return your community and the waterways to its original state , " Patrick Daniel said at a news conference in Battle Creek , Michigan . "  We 've made significant progress since yesterday . We still have a lot of work to do . " The company set up a website  www.response.enbridgeus.com  and a toll-free number  800-306-6837  for residents and volunteers . A Calhoun County Health Department water advisory was issued for anyone with an underground well within 200 feet of the river 's banks as a precaution until the water quality can be evaluated , Health Officer Jim Rutherford said at a news conference Thursday . Bottled water will be available for affected residents , which is approximately 100 households .	NEW : The EPA says the spill is largely contained As many as 50 homes are affected by an evacuation recommendation Nearby residents are told to avoid the spill scene Nearly 20,000 barrels of oil slipped out of a pipeline
Let 's get this out of the way straight off : The Transportation Security Administration is probably not going to top anyone 's list of Favorite Federal Government Agencies . And the stories of its failures spread faster than a speeding jetliner : TSA officers stealing money from luggage , taking bribes from drug dealers , sleeping on the job . So it should n't come as any surprise that a new Government Accountability Office report , citing a 26 % increase in misconduct among TSA employees between 2010 and 2012 , is striking a nerve with some travelers who 've had to endure the shoeless , beltless shuffle on the trip through security . "  Whenever you get an organization that has to be there , sometimes it just starts to take on a weight of its own , " traveler Chris Simon said Wednesday at San Francisco International Airport . "  So maybe it 's just not being managed . " "  This makes me never want to check my bag , " Twitter user KathrynPowers1 posted Wednesday in response to the news . "  That 's disgusting , " tweeted user RidockKing . GAO report reveals increase in TSA employee misconduct Among the report 's findings : -- Misconduct cases involving TSA employees -- everything from being late to skipping crucial security protocols -- rose from 2,691 a year in 2010 to 3,408 in 2012 . -- About a third of the cases involved being late or not reporting for work , the largest single category of offenses . -- 10 % of offenses involved inappropriate comments or abusive behavior . -- About a quarter involved screening and security failures -- including sleeping on the job -- or neglect of duty offenses that resulted in losses or careless inspections . Photos : 20 odd items confiscated by the TSA Examples of violations The report details one case of a TSA agent suspended for seven days after trying to carry a relative 's bag past security without screening . A supervisor interceded and the bag was found to contain "  numerous prohibited items , " according to the GAO report . It did n't say what the items were . In another case , a TSA agent was suspended for 30 days after a closed-circuit camera caught the officer failing to individually examine X-ray images of passenger items , as required by agency policy . Among the 9,622 offenses cataloged in the report , the GAO also found 384 ethics and integrity violations , 155 "  appearance and hygiene " complaints and 56 cases of theft . While not specifically mentioned in the report , notable cases of theft by TSA agents include a 2012 case in which two former employees pleaded guilty to stealing $ 40,000 from a checked bag at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport , and a 2011 guilty plea from an officer who admitted stealing between $ 10,000 and $ 30,000 from travelers at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey . The officer in the 2011 case , Al Raimi , admitted he would "  kick up " some of that money to a supervisor , who in turn allowed him to keep stealing . The supervisor , Michael Arato , also pleaded guilty to accepting kickbacks and bribes . Airport officer claims he was fired for exposing sleeping guards Taking it seriously Overall , 47 % of the offenses detailed in the report resulted in a letter of reprimand , at least 17 % cost the employees their jobs and 31 % ended with a suspension . "  If they 're stealing , they 're doing drugs or breaching the security system intentionally and I can prove it , they 're out , " TSA Deputy Administrator John W. Halinski told a joint hearing of two House Homeland Security subcommittees on Wednesday . But he said , even the letters of reprimand handed out in nearly half of the cases are serious punishment . Such letters can block employees from receiving a bonus or promotion , and stay with them their entire career , he told Rep. Richard Hudson , R-North Carolina , chair of the Transportation Security subcommittee . "  It 's a serious thing , sir , " Halinksi said . He also defended his agency 's 56,000 employee workforce as overwhelmingly upright . But Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican and longtime critic of the TSA who requested the audit , is skeptical . He told CNN that the report shows the TSA is not doing enough to respond to and prevent misconduct . "  There 's not even a way to properly report some of the offenses , so this may be just the tip of the iceberg of some of the offenses , " he said . TSA agents at Newark spared from firings after violations Some other lawmakers stood by the agency Wednesday , saying the offenses represent a small percentage of TSA 's 56,000 employees . "  Transportation security officers have an undeniably hard job and the overwhelming majority of them conduct themselves honorably and in accordance with TSA protocols , " Rep. Cedric Richardson , D-Louisiana , said during Wednesday 's hearing . Analyst : Turn the tables on TSA Frost and Sullivan airport security analyst John Hernandez said the report is n't particularly surprising . The TSA has been plagued by uneven training for years , he said , resulting in a work force that is n't always properly educated about how to do their jobs . "  I think John Q. Traveler should not so much be concerned , but take an active role in security , " he said . "  As they are willing to point out things we do wrong , we should be ready to report on the failure in their security operations , as well . " The government report calls on the TSA to improve how the agency monitors and follows up on allegations of misconduct . The agency has accepted the recommendations , Halinksi said . Asiana Flight 214 crash : Couple stole passengers ' bags at San Francisco airport	TSA deputy chief says agency has a good workforce , moves quickly to fire bad apples Most TSA officers "  conduct themselves honorably , " lawmaker says TSA critic , Rep. John Mica , says new GAO report shows TSA is doing little to prevent misconduct Report details 26 % increase in misconduct cases among TSA employees from 2010 to 2012 .
A cult operating in Mexico , along the U.S. border , is accused of kidnapping and forcing victims to work and have sex , the country 's National Migration Institute said Wednesday . Fourteen foreigners -- accused by victims ' relatives of demanding "  tithes " from local followers -- were detained , and at least some are in the process of being deported , said the federal attorney general 's office , or PGR . Three Mexican citizens are being held on suspicion of human trafficking , the PGR said . Immigration authorities and police raided the Defenders of Christ group in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , the migration institute said Tuesday night . Nuevo Laredo is across the border from its sister city , Laredo , Texas . Six of the detained foreigners were Spanish , two Brazilian , two Bolivian , two Venezuelan , one Argentinean and one Ecuadorean . The Defenders of Christ are not officially registered as a religious organization under Mexican law . Authorities released the name of only one of those involved with the group , Jose Arenas Losanger Segovia , a Venezuelan identified as the leader of the organization , which "  was characterized by its recruiting of people at the national level . " CNN Freedom Project : Ending modern-day slavery A website for the cult identifies Losanger as an "  apostle " of the reincarnation of Christ . The group believes that a man named Ignacio Gonzalez de Arriba is the reincarnation of Jesus . CNN has reached out to the prosecutor 's office and the lawyers of those involved but has been unsuccessful in getting replies . Myrna Garcia , coordinator for the Support Network for Victims of Cults , says her group first received complaints about Gonzalez in December 2011 . In February 2012 , the group filed a complaint with authorities about the Defenders of Christ . Garcia called Gonzalez "  very dangerous because he manipulates the minds of people to satisfy his whims . " The accusations that the cult victims network gathered paint a picture of a man who forced people into labor without pay or threatened to deny food . "  He was able to convince them that they had to behave in certain ways to satisfy his economic and sexual needs , " Garcia said . Women were made to have sex with the men in the group , and polygamy was promoted in the cult , Garcia said . Women were beaten and forced to prostitute themselves , she said . Many of the victims became suicidal and lost contact with their families and children , she said . European police arrest 103 in suspected human trafficking ring	Mexican authorities raid a cult operating in Nuevo Laredo , Mexico The group is said to have been involved in kidnapping and forced labor Three Mexican citizens are being held on suspicion of human trafficking 14 foreigners were detained , and some will be deported
Nearly three-quarters of Americans questioned in a CNN/ORC poll say they do n't think Russia can be trusted to uphold the terms of the ceasefire agreement it recently reached with Ukraine . Seventy-three percent of the 1,014 Americans questioned said Russia ca n't be trusted to keep the terms of the ceasefire , while 24 % said Moscow could be trusted to honor it . Although the two countries agreed to a ceasefire , spotty violence continues . Pro-Russian rebels killed 10 civilians in a rocket attack in eastern Ukraine Wednesday , according to the Ukrainian military . While many Americans are concerned about the situation in Ukraine -- with 72 % saying they are either somewhat or very concerned -- they are fewer than the 78 % who expressed similar sentiments in May . The declining concern may reflect the calmer situation in Ukraine , and the fact that Americans are becoming more concerned about the terror group ISIS as the United States gets more involved in trying to stop its activities in Iraq and Syria . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko is in Washington Thursday , meeting with President Barack Obama and addressing Congress . The Ukraine issue appears to have a bipartisan consensus , with 71 % of those who say they 're concerned about it identifying themselves as Democrats and 75 % of respondents saying they 're Republicans . Read the full poll results	73 % say they do n't think Russia can be trusted to uphold terms of Ukraine ceasefire agreement Fewer Americans are concerned with the situation in Ukraine now than they were in May
CNN  -- About 70,000 refugees who fled violence in Mali are living in "  appalling " conditions in a camp in the middle of the Mauritanian desert , Doctors Without Borders said Friday . The situation has only got worse in Mbera camp since French forces entered Mali in January to help local forces take on Islamist militants , the humanitarian group said . About 15,000 more refugees have flooded into the camp since the fighting , and conditions are so bad there that many who were healthy became ill or malnourished after they arrived . Mauritania : Slavery 's last stronghold The number of children admitted to clinics in the camp for severe malnutrition more than doubled in that time , climbing from 42 to 106 , Doctors Without Borders said . About 85 % of the children under treatment arrived between January and February , despite the nutritional status of the new refugees being generally good when assessed on arrival . "  These statistics show that the refugees have grown weaker whilst in the camp , the very place where they should have been receiving assistance , including correctly formulated food rations from aid organizations , " said Henry Gray , emergency coordinator for Doctors Without Borders . "  There has clearly been a lack of preparation for this new influx of refugees . " The camp was set up by the U.N. refugee agency , UNHCR , with the Mauritanian government 60 kilometers  about 37 miles  from the border when refugees started arriving in early 2012 . The report , "  Stranded in the Desert , " is based on testimonies collected from more than 100 refugees at the Mbera camp between February and mid-March of this year . The majority of the refugees in Mbera camp are pastoralists who lived nomadic or semi-nomadic lifestyles in northern Mali , according to the report . Some of the families left their young men behind to tend to their herds while they fled over the border into neighboring Mauritania . "  Most of the refugees are from the Tuareg and Arab communities , " said Gray . "  They fled preemptively , often for fear of violence due to their presumed links with Islamist or separatist groups . Their home in northern Mali is still in the grip of fear and mistrust . " Limited water , poor hygiene facilities While some improvements have been made at the camp since the mass influx of new refugees three months ago , Doctors Without Borders said , "  the challenge will be to continue to provide assistance that meets humanitarian standards . " Water is still in short supply in the desert camp , a situation made worse by daytime temperatures that reach 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  . Refugees at Mbera receive just 11 liters of water per person per day , instead of the 20 liters recommended by humanitarian standards , the report said . Some of the families that arrived in January had to wait more than a month for materials to build shelters , the report said . They were forced to do what they could with sticks and scraps of cloth in the meantime . There is also a serious shortage of toilet facilities . When the camp was extended in January to accommodate the influx of refugees , there were four latrines for 12,000 people -- far below the recommended minimum of one per 20 people . More are now being built , but the hygiene situation remains difficult . Another problem is that the rations provided by the U.N. World Food Program , mostly rice and pulses , are very different from the pastoralist refugees ' customary diet , which is based on meat and milk . Many new arrivals also suffer from delays in getting food supplies , the report said . And with the situation in northern Mali still volatile as French and African forces hunt down the remaining Islamist fighters -- and against a backdrop of complex ethnic and political tensions -- it 's unclear when the refugees will feel able to return home . Mali : The long , troubled desert road ahead ` This time , we left early ' A 71-year-old Malian interviewed for the report , Ibrahimou , said three sons had stayed in their village to care for the livestock , but the rest of his family had left . "  With the other village chiefs , we took the decision to leave out of fear of the Malian army , " he said . "  I lost brothers and cousins in 1992 . I saw a lot of atrocities and I lost a lot of loved ones in the conflict . I almost lost all my animals too . This time , we left early . Nobody knows when we will be back but , at my age , I have no desire to go into exile every 10 years . " About a quarter of those interviewed said they 'd fled direct fighting where their lives or family members ' lives were in danger . A small percentage said they had fled because of the seizure of power by Islamist groups in cities such as Timbuktu , Gao and Kidal . Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . Many of the most recent arrivals in the camp told Doctors Without Borders they had left Mali because of food shortages and other problems . "  Life has become very hard . I had nothing to give to my children . There was nothing to eat , shops were closed or empty . There was no market for cattle . I could not stay because I have small children to feed , " said Halima , aged 24 . Doctors Without Borders has been working at Mbera camp since February 2012 , when the first groups of refugees from Mali began to arrive . Its teams have treated about 1,000 malnourished children since then and delivered about 200 babies . Even before the latest influx of refugees , the nutritional situation was critical , with a study by Doctors Without Borders in November revealing mortality rates above the emergency threshold for children under 2 years old . Since the French-led intervention in January , the number of consultations at its clinics in the camp has gone up from 1,500 to 2,500 per week , Doctors Without Borders said . UNHCR has said that it and partner agencies "  struggle to maintain minimum humanitarian standards in Mbera Camp . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Report : Malian refugees are suffering a lack of food , water and shelter in the desert camp Child malnutrition rates are going up , the Doctors Without Borders report says Conditions are so poor that people who arrive at the camp healthy become ill , it says The Mbera camp was set up in early 2012 after violence first broke out in northern Mali
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A woman sunbathing on a boat died after a stingray leaped from the water off the Florida Keys on Thursday and struck her , officials said . The dead stingray lies on the deck of a boat in Florida . "  It 's just as freakish of an accident as I have heard , " said Jorge Pino of Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . "  The chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened . " He said it was not clear whether the 55-year-old Michigan woman died from the blow to her head , from the ray 's barb piercing her or from her fall backward . The accident happened off the coast of Marathon Key , in the Florida Keys about an hour 's drive south of Miami . The woman , who was with her husband and children , was taken to the Mariner Hospital in Tavernier , where she was pronounced dead . Pino said he had seen stingrays leap into the air , but added , "  it 's very rare for them to collide with objects . " Results from an autopsy to be conducted by the medical examiner will be combined with witness statements and evidence from aboard the vessel to determine the cause of death , he said . The spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , said Becky Herrin , a spokeswoman for the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office . The species , also called a leopard ray or bonnet skate , can measure up to 8 feet in length , with an 8-foot tail , and weigh up to 500 pounds , according to the Florida Museum of Natural History 's Web site . They tend to swim close to the surface and can leap out of the water when being pursued , according to the site . E-mail to a friend	Sunbather on boat off Florida dies after fish strikes her , officials say Unknown whether ray 's barb , blow to head or fall caused her to die Victim was 55-year-old woman from Michigan Spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Could reliability be an Achilles heel for Formula One world champions Red Bull this season ? If the first two days of winter testing are anything to go by the answer could be yes . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was stopped in his tracks by an engine failure after completing just eight laps in the new Red Bull racer Wednesday . "  We 've not had a lot of running and have a few problems to sort out , " Vettel told reporters at the Jerez circuit in Spain . "  But with such big rule changes it is usual to have some teething problems . "  That 's what tests are for , to sort those issues out . The next two days will be important to get some track time to prepare for the tests in Bahrain . " Vettel , who only managed three laps in the box fresh car on Tuesday , has now returned home to Switzerland and handed the keys of the 2014 Red Bull over to his new teammate Daniel Ricciardo for the remainder of the Jerez test . Preseason testing is always a tense time but a major rule change has heaped extra pressure on the teams hoping to get their cars race ready for the opening Australian Grand Prix on March 16 . The cars are now powered by 1.6-liter V6 turbo engines which also rely on a greater use of hybrid energy -- recovered through braking and from the car 's exhaust gases . Although engine suppliers Renault , Ferrari and Mercedes put their engines through their paces on dynamometers at their headquarters , they are running them on the cars for the first time this week . Red Bull , who along with the Lotus and Caterham teams use Renault engines , had to cut short Vettel 's track time because of problem with the energy recovery system on his car . Engine gremlins also affected Toro Rosso , Red Bull 's sister team , and driver Daniil Kvyat was not able to take his car out on track because of an electrical problem . McLaren recovered from the technical issues that had kept its car in the garage Tuesday to see Jenson Button set the leading time in its 2014 racer with a best lap of one minute 24.165 seconds among 44 laps overall . "  For our first day of actual running , we were able to get a good understanding of the car , and the way the engine and turbo behaves , " Button told reporters . "  It 's tricky , and very different to what we 're used to , but I feel that these cars will be enjoyable to drive . " On Wednesday , McLaren also announced former Lotus team principal Eric Boullier as its new racing director as a restructure of the team continues . It was another solid day from Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , who set the second fastest time ahead of Valtteri Bottas in the Williams and Nico Rosberg 's Mercedes . Rosberg underlined Mercedes ' reliability by ticking off 96 laps , all the more impressive as the car had to rebuilt over night following Lewis Hamilton 's crash on the opening day of the test .	Testing is cut short for Sebastian Vettel as his Red Bull is hit by engine problems The four-time world champion says "  teething problems " are normal The teams are getting used to new engine technology as part of 2014 rule changes McLaren 's Jenson Button clocks the fastest time on day two of the first winter test in Spain
CNN  -- The state of New Jersey is imposing harsher restrictions on Ferris wheel safety after an 11-year-old rider fell to her death earlier this month . Officials are mandating riders be at least 54 inches to ride without supervision , according to a letter from Michael Triplett of the New Jersey Carnival and Amusement Ride Safety Unit . Triplett also "  strongly recommended " that each car have at least two riders , and added that if a manufacturer has a more strict requirement , that requirement should be followed . The changes coincide with the release of a preliminary report into the death of Abiah Jones of Pleasantville , New Jersey , who fell at Morey 's Piers Mariner 's Landing Pier , in Wildwood , on June 3 . Jones , who met a 54-inch height requirement , was on a school trip when she fell from one of the park 's main attractions , called The Great Wheel . After receiving first aid at the scene , she was taken to Cape Regional Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead . How the girl fell is still undetermined , and officials have no eyewitnesses , according to a report by the state of New Jersey . Surveillance footage showed her during the fall but did not show her leaving the gondola , the report said . It determined she entered the ride as a single rider and sustained "  significant head trauma as well as cuts on her arms and shoulders , " hitting several objects on her way to the ground . The findings also concluded operators had no knowledge of any problems , the ride had no mechanical defects , and no other problems had been reported in its 25-year history . "  The fact that Abiah Jones was alone in the gondola , without any nearby passengers , may have led her to take a risk that she would have been convinced not to take if there were other riders in the gondola , " the state investigator concluded . At 156 feet , the ride is one of the tallest wheels on the East Coast , Morey Piers spokeswoman Lindsey Young told CNN .	Riders must be 54 inches tall to ride without supervision , new rules mandate Having two riders in each car is "  strongly recommended , " official 's letter states Abiah Jones , 11 , fell to her death at a Wildwood amusement park on June 3 How the girl fell has not been determined ; officials have no eyewitnesses
CNN  -- The mid-Atlantic region continued digging out Monday from the weekend 's record blizzard , but snow-weary residents learned of a new winter storm due in the area on Tuesday . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning , with predictions of another 10 to 20 inches of snow , for northern Virginia and eastern Maryland , including the District of Columbia , beginning Tuesday afternoon and continuing through Wednesday . "  A winter storm warning means significant amounts of snow are expected or occurring , " said the statement from the weather service facility in Sterling , Virginia . "  The combination of snow and strong winds will make travel very hazardous . " If as severe as predicted , the new storm would be the third major snowfall to hit the nation 's capital and surrounding region in just over seven weeks . In last weekend 's blizzard , a record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Washington 's Dulles International Airport over two days , breaking a January 7-8 , 1996 , record of 23.2 inches . Federal workers in Washington , with the exception of emergency employees , stayed home Monday and students in most schools in the nation 's capital got a snow day . Many residents who spent the weekend playfully making snowmen and hurling snowballs also grumbled as they shoveled hip-high snow from driveways . "  The streets are pretty well covered , " Kingsley Barreto said Sunday about his subdivision in Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  No cars coming in or out of here . Hopefully everyone in the community has enough supplies to last them for a little while , because it does n't look like we 're going anywhere anytime soon , " Barreto said in a post he submitted to iReport , a CNN Web site that allows people to submit information , pictures and videos . Watch Barreto 's iReport on his neighborhood Crews worked around the clock to clear roads and repair power lines , warning that it might take days to restore electricity to some customers from Pennsylvania to Virginia . Two of Dulles ' four runways were open Monday morning , and officials hoped to have a third open later in the day , said Courtney Mickalonis of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . The situation there is "  getting back to normal , " Mickalonis said . But airport officials asked travelers not to go there without confirmed flights . Reagan National Airport was scheduled to reopen at 10 a.m. Monday , with flights resuming on a limited basis , the airport authority said . Travelers were urged to check with airlines on flight schedules before heading to the airport . Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport was open Monday , with limited service , spokesman Jonathan Dean said . One of the two runways opened Sunday night , and some flights landed , Dean said . However , airport authorities expect carrier delays and cancellations because of the backlog . Are you there ? Share your winter weather photos , video Airport crews were dealing with a refreeze from overnight , but officials intended to have both runways open by the end of Monday . Amtrak canceled several trains Sunday after trees and power lines fell on tracks , the train service said . Dozens of Greyhound bus trips in mid-Atlantic states also were canceled , the company said on its Web site . And officials across the region advised drivers to stay off slick roads . "  Everybody 's just trying to clean up and get a little bit ahead of the game before the next round comes , " said Michelle Timberlake , who lives on a farm in Boyce , Virginia , about two hours west of Washington . The interior designer found herself running through a mountain of snow when about 40 cows escaped from the pasture on her husband 's farm in search of food and shelter . "  This was not what I imagined for myself , " she said Sunday , laughing about the experience . CNN 's Sarah Lee , Sarah Aarthun , Justin Lear and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Federal workers , some students get snow day in nation 's capital Washington 's Reagan National Airport set to reopen A record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport over two days Five more inches of snow expected in Washington-Baltimore area
CNN  -- France is en vogue at the moment . Its parliament has backed gay marriage , "  Les Miserables " has taken the movie world by storm , McDonald 's is launching the "  McCamembert " Burger and David Beckham has jetted in to join the French Revolution at Paris Saint-Germain . Vive le France ? Not so for those earning more than $ 1.3 million a year , especially after Socialist President Francois Hollande announced he would introduce a top income tax rate of 75 % . It has become a real point of contention , with some -- including top sports stars -- threatening to move abroad . Depardieu ditches France for Putin 's Russia Renowned actor Gerard Depardieu has already taken up the offer of Russian citizenship , despite France 's constitutional court vetoing Hollande 's proposal . But while the plans over taxation are on hold , those involved with the nation 's football are worried that their star assets are heading to the United Kingdom and abroad to seek sanctuary . "  What you see is that French football loses good players , all leaving for England , so the Premier League will be above all the other leagues , " Marseille manager Elie Baup told reporters . "  In France , because of the financial side , we will have to work on young players or with recruits not well known , and then we 'll make them big , and they 'll go to England again . We are entering this ` cycle . ' " During the January transfer window , international striker Loic Remy left French title contender Marseille to move to Queens Park Rangers , a club which was bottom of the English Premier League and threatened with relegation . Football 's middle men eye rich pickings in transfer window Even more remarkably in January , no less than five Frenchman made the switch to Newcastle , a move which led to the hanging of the "  Tricolor " in the EPL club 's canteen . Lille 's Mathieu Debuchy , Montpellier 's Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa , Massadio Haidara from Nancy , Toulouse 's Moussa Sissoko and Bordeaux 's Yoann Gouffran all made the move to the north east of England . They should feel at home as there 's already more than a hint of Gallic flair at St. James ' Park , with the wonderfully talented pair of Yohan Cabaye and Hatem Ben Arfa at the club , as well as the likes of Sylvain Marveaux , Gabriel Obertan and Romain Amalfitano . "  I 'm not surprised that they want to play there because it 's the best league , but I am surprised by just how many French players have gone there at the same time , " former Newcastle and France player Didier Domi told CNN . However , Domi insisted that financial motivation was not the reason for this footballing exodus to Newcastle . "  Tax is not a big factor . The biggest draw is the chance to play in front of packed stadia every week , " he said . "  It 's the place where all players want to play . When the French players come back to France after a spell in England , they all talk about how great it is . "  It 's professional , it has great fans and atmosphere and it 's where all the best players are . I loved it at Newcastle . The fans and people of the north east are so friendly and full of warmth . " Mickelson has a point on taxes In the last French election , held in May 2012 -- the French population in London was given the opportunity to vote on the establishment of a parliamentary member for Northern Europe . There are 120,000 officially registered as living in the British capital , but one of those -- politician Axelle Lemaire -- believes the total is nearer 400,000 . Before winning that parliamentary ballot , as a representative of Hollande 's Socialist Party , Lemaire lived and worked in London for 12 years . "  Many people come and go between the two countries thanks to the new transport links and there are a lot of younger people who come to London and move on afterwards , " she told CNN . "  I arrived in London 12 years ago and I remember reading the headlines in the newspapers then about how French people were moving for tax reasons . "  But the reality is very different . Even now there is a lot being written about people leaving because of the 75 % tax reasons . I 've not seen any serious figures supporting this . The reality is very different . "  People come here for a whole variety of reasons : to study , to work , to learn English , for love , for the international dimension of the UK . "  Taxes , at the end , are pretty similar in the two countries , and constitute very rarely a reason to move out . "  It has become more and more normal to spend some time in your career or to study abroad . "  Some stay and some leave after a while . Sometimes , bi-national couples move to France if they have a second child because the cost of living is expensive here . " Why Depardieu 's ` pathetic ' desertion has caused French storm Lemaire also doubts that recent raft of French arrivals at Newcastle has anything to do with the levels of tax in their own country . "  I think it 's a misconception to say they 're here because of taxes , " she said . "  These players are young and earning their first big contract in a very good club and that 's a great opportunity for them . " ' I do n't think they 've thought to themselves , ' I want to leave for tax reasons . ' " Dubbed "  Neufchateau " by the French media , Newcastle is in many ways no different from many other Premier League clubs in luring talent from across the Channel . The likes of Thierry Henry , Patrick Vieira , Nicolas Anelka , Emmanuel Petit , Marcel Desailly and Claude Makelele are just some of those to enjoy huge success in England . While the typical English football fan might refer to the French as "  Frogs " and take pleasure in mentioning the military victories at Waterloo and Agincourt , the acceptance of French talent on the football field has never been in doubt . One Frenchman who made the move to England and then to Newcastle was football writer Kevin Quignane , who believes the most difficult task facing his fellow countrymen is understanding the locals ' notorious "  Geordie " accent . "  There was indeed a bit of a linguistic shock , " Quignane recalled following his arrival in the city . "  I 'd say that a true , thick Geordie accent is more difficult to understand than a broad Yorkshire brogue , which in itself can be pretty challenging . "  I just could n't understand our next door neighbor and my partner , who is herself a Geordie , also had great trouble . "  It really can be challenging but by and large , most locals speak with a mild Geordie accent , thank God . That or I 've got so used to it that I do n't notice anymore . " While it might take time for the newcomers to adapt to the local lingo and swap their Chardonnay for a pint of Newcastle Brown Ale , Quignane believes the recent arrivals will enjoy life in the city . "  Newcastle 's stock as a city has risen tremendously in the last decade , " he added . "  It 's now seen as a vibrant , party-going and sexy place , but it was a very different story 10 years earlier with the demise of the mines and shipyards and the Meadow Well riots in 1991 . "  The Quayside , now Newcastle 's nightlife epicenter -- revamped and regenerated -- was a mess back then . " Beckham to donate PSG wages to children 's charity Back in France the arrival of a world superstar in Beckham at Paris Saint-Germain has helped softened the blow of so many departing French players . The midfielder signed a five-month deal with PSG last month and has pledged to donate his salary to a children 's charity within the city . And while worries persist over the numbers of young French players moving aboard , Beckham arrives at a time where big-name foreign players are playing a starring role in Ligue 1 . Backed by its Qatari-based owners , PSG recently paid out $ 52.8 million for young Brazilian Lucas Moura after securing a $ 72 million deal for Zlatan Ibrahimovic and defender Thiago Silva from Milan last July . The club has qualified for the quarterfinals of the Champions League and leads the domestic title race . "  I am very glad , " Lemaire said of Beckham 's arrival in the French capital . "  I think that it 's great that he decided to move to Paris and to donate his wages to charity . It 's a very good example . "  It also shows that Paris is a good club and an attractive city . "	English club Newcastle has welcomed an influx of French footballers to Premier League Several French stars looking abroad with government planning to raise taxes Former Newcastle defender Didier Domi backs French revolution at club French MP labels tax exodus from her homeland as a "  misconception "
Editor 's note : Timothy P. O'Neill , a professor at The John Marshall Law School in Chicago , Illinois , has written and lectured widely on criminal law and criminal procedure . Among his articles was a 2007 piece for the Oklahoma Law Review : "  The Stepford Justices : The Need for Experiential Diversity on the Roberts Court . " He is a graduate of Harvard University and the University of Michigan Law School . Timothy P. O'Neill says there are striking similarities in the backgrounds of the Supreme Court justices . CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- With the retirement of Justice David Souter , President Obama has the opportunity to bring a special kind of diversity to the Supreme Court : the diversity of broad and varied governmental experience . It is certainly true that the court needs more racial and gender diversity . Yet the homogeneity of the work rsums of the current justices is unprecedented . The right nominee would help to correct this . Many commentators have noted that this is the first Supreme Court in American history in which every justice has come from exactly the same job : judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . But there are other "  firsts " that are equally disturbing . For the first time in American history , not a single justice has had any legislative experience . Not one has ever been elected to Congress , a state legislature or a city council . For the first time in American history , not a single justice has ever held -- or even run for -- any elective office at any level of government .  Although Souter once served as a state attorney general , that is an appointed office in New Hampshire . For the first time in American history , eight of the nine justices attended one of only two law schools : Harvard or Yale .  Although Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg graduated from Columbia , she transferred from Harvard Law School . Traditionally , the Supreme Court has been composed not only of former judges , but also lawyers who have come directly from serving as senators , governors , Cabinet members , heads of administrative agencies , and even from private practice . Yet it has been almost 30 years since a justice has been confirmed who was not then a federal appellate judge . What caused this change ? Some point to the acrimony that surrounded the failed appointment of Robert Bork in 1987 . Since that time , presidents of both parties have stressed the judicial competence -- not the ideology -- of their appointees . The implied promise is that the technical proficiency of an Ivy League-trained federal appellate judge somehow trumps issues of ideology . This , of course , is an illusion . The cases that come to the Supreme Court are there precisely because they fall between the cracks of established legal doctrine . There is no single "  Ivy League judge 's answer " to any issue pending before the Supreme Court . For example , take a look at the Supreme Court 's 2006 term . The Court decided 72 cases . With all the justices coming from the federal appellate bench and eight of them having attended Harvard or Yale , did this help achieve consensus ? On the contrary , the percentage of cases in which there was a unanimous decision was the second lowest in a decade . And 24 decisions -- fully one-third of the docket -- were decided by a 5-4 vote , the highest percentage of 5-4 decisions in over a decade . The best example of how there is no single "  judge 's answer " to Supreme Court issues can be found in the eight death penalty cases decided during the 2006 term . The cases had a variety of issues , including questions concerning the selection of jurors , the giving of jury instructions and competence of defense counsel . Yet every single case was decided 5-4 . In every single case , Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts held for the prosecution . In every single case , Justices John Paul Stevens , Souter , Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer held for the defense . Every case was decided by Justice Anthony Kennedy 's vote : four times for the prosecution and four times for the defense . Looking for a single "  judge 's answer " to an issue before the Supreme Court is usually futile . In order to decide the great legal issues before the court , a justice needs to bring more than mere legal competence ; a justice also needs to bring real-world experience , values and intuition . That is why it is self-defeating to restrict the range of possible Supreme Court nominees to the small group of sitting federal appellate judges . Supreme Court decision-making would be richer if it included people who had actually written legislation or had run federal agencies or had governed states . As Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy recently said , there is a need to select Supreme Court nominees "  from outside the judicial monastery . " We should welcome , and not irrationally restrict , the variety of experience that can be brought to Supreme Court decision-making . Professor Lee Epstein of Northwestern has observed that "  Diversity of inputs makes for stronger outputs . " Obama should cast the widest possible net to find a person who can bring a fresh set of experiences and perspectives to the work of the Supreme Court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy P. O'Neill .	Timothy P. O'Neill : No judge on Supreme Court now has legislative background He says none of the nine have held , or even run for , elective office O'Neill : All but one attended Harvard or Yale Law School He says court would perform better if its membership had broader backgrounds
CNN  The BBC 's director-general , Tony Hall , has allegedly received death threats days after "  Top Gear " host Jeremy Clarkson was dropped . "  Police in Westminster are investigating an allegation of threats to kill , " the Metropolitan Police confirmed to CNN in a statement . The allegation was reported to the police on Wednesday . "  The threat was made by email , " the police added . "  The content of the message suggests  it was sent  from outside the UK . " The alleged threats come shortly after Hall took the decision to dismiss popular presenter Clarkson from "  Top Gear , " one of the most-watched television shows in the world . "  Top Gear " was suspended March 10 after an apparent altercation between the motor show host and producer Oisin Tymon on March 4 . At the time , the BBC issued a statement saying that there had been a "  fracas " between the host and a BBC producer . More than 1 million fans of Clarkson and "  Top Gear " signed a petition to reinstate the host . The document was delivered to the BBC 's headquarters by a fan dressed as the "  Stig " -- the incognito racing car test-driver who appeared regularly on the show -- driving an armored tank . On Wednesday , the British broadcaster announced that it would not be renewing Clarkson 's contract as host of "  Top Gear " after he allegedly busted his producer 's lip and hurled verbal abuse at him . Hall issued a statement online following the decision . "  It is with great regret that I have told Jeremy Clarkson today that the BBC will not be renewing his contract , " he announced . "  It is not a decision I have taken lightly . I have done so only after a very careful consideration of the facts and after personally meeting both Jeremy and Oisin Tymon . " Placing emphasis on Clarkson 's legacy , Hall added that the BBC will be looking into a new host for "  Top Gear " in 2016 . "  This will be a big challenge and there is no point in pretending otherwise , " he said . Inquiries are ongoing to establish where the threat came from , the police said . A representative for the BBC told CNN : "  We do n't comment on security matters . "	Metropolitan Police say they 're investigating "  an allegation of threats to kill " Alleged threats received after dismissal of popular "  Top Gear " host Jeremy Clarkson
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Efforts by government troops to secure control of a main highway that links mainland Sri Lanka to the northern Jaffna peninsula came a step closer Thursday when they re-captured Pallai , a palm-fringed village under rebel control . Sri Lankan army troops have had there most decisive victories against the Tamil Tigers in recent weeks . The village is located past Elephant Pass , described as a gateway to the Jaffna peninsula , which the army re-captured on Wednesday . Whilst a column of troops are moving northwards from this town , another column that advanced from the outer fringes of the government-controlled peninsula advanced southwards to recapture Pallai . "  When the two columns meet we would have captured the entire A-9 highway , " a senior army source told CNN . He spoke on grounds of anonymity since he is not authorized to talk to media . The A-9 highway links the hill city Kandy with Jaffna . The only stretch that remains to be recaptured is the area between Elephant Pass and Jaffna . Earlier this month , President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged the Tamil Tigers to lay down their arms and end a quarter-century of civil war . Before he made that request government troops retook the separatists ' former capital , Kilinochchi . Rajapaksa called the recapture of Kilinochchi "  a victory against separatism . " "  The time is not far off when people of the north can breathe freedom again , " Rajapaksa said . He invited the Tigers -- who have fought for an independent homeland for Sri Lanka 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 -- to surrender as government troops closed in on their last remaining strongholds . The civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . The U.S. State Department has designated the Tamil Tigers a terrorist organization .	Sri Lankan government troops continue advance into rebel territory Troops capture village on main highway linking mainland to Jaffna peninsula Civil war with Tamil Tigers has killed more than 65,000
CNN  -- Facing the world after an isolating and traumatic experience is often stressful , especially for those who have been away for a long time . Jaycee Dugard is reuniting with her close relatives for the first time in 18 years , after having been found on August 27 . Dugard was 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from a bus stop in South Lake Tahoe , California . She allegedly was kept in a series of backyard sheds by a convicted sex offender and gave birth to two children in captivity . A bail review hearing is scheduled for Monday in El Dorado County Superior Court in Placerville , California , for Phillip and Nancy Garrido , who face charges related to Dugard 's kidnapping . In Illinois , Shannon Wilfong is charged with child abduction , allegedly having forced 6-year-old Richard K. Wilfong Chekevdia to live in seclusion and be hidden , at times in crawl spaces and the attic , for nearly two years , according to court documents . In concealing the boy , Wilfong violated the terms of a court order that granted joint custody of the child to Michael Chekevdia , the documents said . The boy is staying with his father 's family under child welfare supervision , according to CNN affiliate WSIL . The situations of Dugard and Chekevdia are extreme cases of people emerging from isolation and returning to the real world . The people who have been away often feel conflicted about leaving the situation they 've acclimated to in order to rejoin the loved ones they 've left behind , experts not connected to the cases tell CNN . Photos : Missing children who were found Sometimes children involved in custody disputes are taught to hate their father or mother , and "  extreme tactics " may be used , although usually not to the extent of hiding a child in crawl spaces , said Jay Lebow , psychologist at The Family Institute at Northwestern University . "  While this case is obviously the rarest of things , other children are certainly exposed to many traumas that have meaning connected to this , " Lebow said . The case of Dugard Dugard is spending time in "  a secluded place , reconnecting " with her mother and younger sister , said her aunt , Tina Dugard , in a statement on behalf of her family . "  This is a joyful time for my family , " she said . "  Jaycee remembers all of us . " But a person in Dugard 's situation would most likely have both positive and negative feelings about leaving the only environment she 's known for 18 years and coming back to her family , psychologists say . "  She 's going to have a lot of mixed feelings about returning to her family of origin because she 's spent almost two decades with a different family , " said Margo Napoletano , a child and family psychologist in San Diego , California . After allegedly being confined for 18 years , Dugard probably would find the outside world frightening , Lebow said . "  You get to know this world you live in -- it may be a terrible world , but it 's the world you know , " he said . Experts say Dugard may have developed what is known as Stockholm syndrome , in which kidnapping victims identify with their captors . Learning to live with and even like the perpetrator has survival value , Napoletano said , and also explains why someone like Dugard probably would feel somewhat torn about returning to her original family . "  It 's a concept that explains why a kidnapped victim would stay with a perpetrator even though they had an opportunity to leave , " she said . "  They opt to stay because it 's their comfort zone . " But Johanna Tabin , a psychologist in Glencoe , Illinois , said Dugard 's readjustment will depend on how she was treated in captivity . Police said Phillip Garrido , one of her alleged abductors , is believed to be the father of her two daughters , and his relationship to Dugard -- whether he framed their alleged sexual encounters as violent or seductive -- will influence her feelings about leaving that situation , Tabin said . It is also important to know how Dugard felt about her family before she was taken away , Tabin said . "  Did she secretly mourn them ? " Tabin asked . "  Did she feel she stepped on a different planet where she was all of a sudden a grown-up 11-year-old and was n't being treated anymore like a child ? " Her family members may have constantly wondered what they could have done differently to prevent the kidnapping , Tabin said . At the same time , someone in Dugard 's situation may have asked herself at the outset , "  Why did they let me get kidnapped ? " Lebow said . There is an infinite range of responses , but more information about Dugard 's feelings growing up and in captivity would inform how she adjusts to her new life , Tabin said . The situation is likely also difficult for Dugard 's two daughters , born to her in captivity , who have never met Dugard 's family before , Napoletano said . "  It 's basically like a wild child who may have had some contact with civilization , but basically is having to start life all over again , and that may be overwhelming to them at first , " she said . Napoletano said she would suggest to a family like Dugard 's to be accepting and supportive , and not ask a lot of questions . "  Go about your daily life as usual for the most part , and take the lead from the therapist , one small step at a time , " she said . Lebow advises them against looking for some sudden moment of reconnection , but rather to be loving and patient . Coming back from combat Dugard 's reuniting with her family could also be likened to a soldier coming back from a "  hellacious war , " Lebow said . A recent survey of military spouses of deployed Army soldiers with school-age children found that the return from deployment is the most stressful , according to three-quarters of respondents . Reunification brings excitement and relief , which is sometimes accompanied by emotional conflict , the surveyors said . Read more about the study In the military , bonds of brotherhood form as people face dangers together , Tabin said . When service members come home , they may find life "  shallower , " and feel that they are not the same people as when they left , she said . In a case where a husband has been away at war and returns to his wife , the desire to understand one another 's feelings is fundamental , she said . "  She wants to be understanding , he wants to be able to shove it aside , then he has nightmares , and she says , ` you 're not setting it aside , ' " Tabin said . "  Well , consciously he is -- he 's not awake when he dreams . " Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences , Napoletano said . She also stressed that a family should try to normalize the life of the service member who has returned from war . Waking up in the morning , going grocery shopping , washing clothes and doing other day-to-day activities help create a stable , comforting environment , she said .	Jaycee Dugard , found August 27 , is reuniting with her family after 18 years People who return to their families after years away often feel conflicted about it Expert : Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences It 's important to go about day-to-day activities , such as grocery shopping
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and pleaded for a powerful sedative despite knowing its harmful effects , a nutritionist who worked with the singer said Tuesday . Cherilyn Lee is a holisitic health practitioner and has been in healthcare for 23 years , her Web site states . Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse and nurse practitioner who first met Jackson in January to treat his children for a common cold , said she rejected his requests for Diprivan and informed him of the side effects . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " Lee said . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " "  I told him -- and it is so painful that I actually felt it in my whole spirit -- ` If you take this you might not wake up . ' " According to the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners , nurse practitioners "  provide high-quality healthcare services similar to those of a doctor . " They can also prescribe medications , according to the academy 's Web site . CNN could not independently verify whether Lee worked with Jackson . When asked about Lee 's account , Jackson family attorney Londell McMillan said : "  I wonder why someone would make a comment about drugs when they have n't seen him take the drug or anyone who administered it . " The drug , known by its generic name Propofol , is administered intravenously as an anesthetic during surgeries . Watch nurse describe Jackson 's drug request " An initial dose puts a person to sleep . An overdose can lead to cardiac arrest , doctors say . Jackson died June 25 at the age of 50 . Authorities are awaiting toxicology results to determine what killed him . Lee is licensed as a registered nurse , according to the California Board of Registered Nursing Web site . According to her Web site , she is a proponent of alternative medicine that uses a holistic approach . Lee said that four days before Jackson 's death , she received a call from a Jackson staff member who said the singer felt that one side of his body was cold ; the other hot . "  I could hear Mr. Jackson saying in the background , ` Please have her come see me now . Can she come now ? ' " Lee , who was in Florida at the time , said she told Jackson 's staffers to take him to a hospital . "  I was really afraid because of the symptoms they were telling me , " she said . "  It could have meant something going on in the nervous system or something cardiovascular . " After his death , Lee said she did n't go to the authorities . "  When I saw it on the news , I really did n't know what to do , " she said . "  I was saddened . I heard there was a physician there . " Lee also could not say why Jackson would call on her , when the last time she saw him was three months ago . "  The only think I can think of is he recalled the symptoms I was telling him , " she said . But , she added , she did n't know of any doctors who would have given him the drug . "  I asked him , ` What doctor gave you this drug ? ' " she said , when the singer initially brought up the medicine . "  He told me , ` Oh it was a long time ago . ' " Dr. Rakesh Marwah of the anesthesiology department at the Stanford University School of Medicine said Propofol can lead to cardiac arrest , which is suspected in Jackson 's death . "  Propofol slows down the heart rate and slows down the respiratory rate and slows down the vital functions of the body , " he said .	NEW : Lawyer : Nurse never saw Jackson take , be administered drug Jackson said "  I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep , " nurse said Cherilyn Lee : I told Jackson "  if you take this you might not wake up " Sedative Jackson requested given through IV as anesthetic during surgeries
India 's prime minister called for calm Sunday after clashes erupted between police and demonstrators protesting a gang rape in the country 's capital . "  We will make all possible efforts to ensure security and safety to all women in this country , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said . "  I appeal to all concerned citizens to maintain peace and calm . " Public outrage has surged after the gang rape and beating of a 23-year-old woman on a moving bus on December 16 . The prime minister 's comments came after thousands of protesters defied a ban on demonstrations in New Delhi on Sunday . For a second day , demonstrators were blasted with water cannons . While some dispersed , others huddled tightly in a circle to brave high-pressure streams in the cold December weather . "  We want justice ! " the protesters shouted in chorus . In addition to banners and cardboard placards , many demonstrators carried Indian flags as they scuffled with police . Authorities fired tear gas to try to break up crowds . Police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said "  hooligans who had joined the protesters " hurled stones , injuring 78 officers . At least 65 protesters were also injured , he said . Many police vans and a dozen public buses were damaged during the demonstrations , he said . As he appealed for peace Sunday , Singh acknowledged that the anger is "  genuine and justified . " Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but protesters are calling her "  Damini , " which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of a sexual assault . "  We support you Damini . We 'll keep fighting for you , " a middle-aged woman at the historic India Gate said Sunday . "  Damini wants justice , " read a placard at the protest . Police bundled scores of young protesters into buses in the Raisina Hill area , home of the India Gate , the presidential palace , the parliament building and ministerial offices . Demonstrators slipped under police vans to deflate tires and prevent them from driving off . Officers dragged them out . The rape victim 's injuries were so severe she spent days in intensive care in a city hospital , battling for her life . Police said Saturday that she had recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed the night before . Surviving rape : iReporters speak out The protest was among a number of anti-rape demonstrations held across the country in the past week . A video journalist was killed by police gunfire Sunday during a violent protest in India 's remote northeastern state of Manipur , authorities said . The journalist was covering a protest against a separate molestation case in the provincial capital of Imphal , state police said . Protests have rocked Manipur over the alleged molestation of a local actress by a suspected militant on December 18 , during a public performance . Protesters had torched a vehicle , forcing police to open fire , officer Manik Longjam said Sunday . The journalist died in the gunfire , Longjam said . Police said the molester was still at large . Official data show that reported rape cases have increased more than tenfold over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . Opinion : Rapes show that Indian society needs a new attitude Six suspects , including the bus driver and a minor , have now been arrested in connection with the rape of "  Damini . " As fury about the assault gathered pace , some Indian lawmakers called for treating rape as a capital crime . "  We 'll work collectively to see we make a law which is deterrent and preventive , " said New Delhi 's chief minister , Sheila Dikshit . India 's Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde told reporters Saturday that the government would work toward increasing punishment in "  rarest of the rare " rape cases . But pressed on whether the administration would agree to demands for death by hanging in such instances , he said : "  We 'll have to see in what way it  the rape sentencing  can be enhanced . " Shinde said the government was pushing for a speedy trial for the attack . Authorities are also taking a number of steps to improve security for women in New Delhi , particularly on public transport , he said . "  The  government shares the widespread concern and support that has been expressed throughout society for the girl who has so suffered . Government also respects the right of legitimate protest , " Shinde said . "  At the same time , there is need to exercise calm at this juncture and for everyone to work together to improve the safety and security environment . " In the meantime , the victim has been promised the best possible medical care , Shinde said . A physician described the woman 's condition Saturday as better than a day earlier , but said there was still a risk of infection . She is receiving psychological as well as medical care , he said . Read more : Indian girl seeks justice after gang rape Following the brutal assault , the country 's human rights body sent notices to city police and federal authorities , demanding an explanation . "  The incident has raised the issue of declining public confidence in the law and order machinery in the city , especially in its capacity to ensure safety of women , as a number of such incidents have been reported in the national capital in the recent past , " the National Human Rights Commission said in a statement Tuesday . Home Secretary R. K. Singh announced the suspension of five police officers in the wake of the rape .	India 's prime minister says the public anger is "  genuine and justified " Authorities are working to "  ensure security and safety " for women , he says For a second day , protesters are blasted with water cannons in New Delhi Police say a woman was gang-raped and badly beaten on a bus
CNN  -- Pope Francis does n't want a commonly quoted Bible verse chanted as empty words on Christmas Day -- the one about peace on Earth . "  Glory to God in the highest heaven , and on earth peace among those whom he favors , " heavenly hosts proclaimed when Christ was born , according to the Vatican translation . The pontiff told tens of thousands of people gathered in front of the Vatican on Wednesday where he wants that peace to happen -- in Syria , South Sudan , the Central African Republic and the Holy Land . False pretenses wo n't do . "  True peace is not a balance of opposing forces . It is not a lovely ` facade ' which conceals conflicts and divisions . Peace calls for daily commitment , " Francis said in his Christmas Urbi et Orbi message . The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global , as its name indicates . It is Latin and means "  to the city  of Rome  and to the world . " Popes give the address and blessing on special occasions such as Easter and Christmas . Vatican TV estimated that about 150,000 attended the blessing in St. Peter 's Square , which marked Francis ' first Christmas celebration as pope . He asked Jesus to inspire peace in warring factions around the world . "  Prince of Peace , in every place turn hearts aside from violence and inspire them to lay down arms and undertake the path of dialogue . " He also continued his criticism of money-driven evils . "  Lord of heaven and earth , " he prayed , "  look upon our planet , frequently exploited by human greed and rapacity . " Pray for peace Francis asked Christians to pray for an end to the violence and suffering in Syria and for humanitarian aid to get through to its people . He prayed for people dying of hunger , thirst and violence in the Central African Republic to find an end to war and poverty . He also addressed a new armed conflict . "  Foster social harmony in South Sudan , where current tensions have already caused numerous victims and are threatening peaceful coexistence in that young state , " he prayed . He asked God to have mercy on civilians killed in Nigeria and Iraq and prayed that Israelis and Palestinians find peace together in "  the land where you chose to come into the world . " Francis remembered refugees fleeing conflicts and misery in Africa who died off the coast of Italy when their overfilled boats capsized before reaching the town of Lampedusa . He prayed for those who lost entire families and homes to Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . Pope adored The massive turnout on Christmas Day mirrored the popularity Francis has enjoyed since becoming head of the Catholic Church . His reputation for being down to earth and genuinely caring about people has touched a chord with millions . Christmas Eve was no different . There was a record number of requests to attend this year 's Christmas Eve Mass , the Vatican said . "  People are listening to him , because he 's speaking in a language that 's not Vaticanese , " said Gerard O'Connell , a Vatican analyst . "  He 's speaking the language of ordinary people . " The Pope preached Tuesday evening on love , forgiveness and facing life with bravery and with God 's help . "  To us the Lord repeats , ` Do not be afraid . ' ... And I , too , repeat , do not be afraid , ' " Francis said . He called on the throngs gathered at St. Peter 's Basilica on Tuesday to cast aside hatred . "  If we love God and our brothers and sisters , we walk in the light . But if our heart is closed , if we are dominated by pride , deceit , self-seeking , then darkness falls within us , and around us . " Reforms , surprises Nine months into his papacy , much has been made of the Pope 's reforms , among them more scrutiny at the Vatican bank , changes to the church 's bureaucratic structure , and a commission to deal with the abuse of minors . And while this year 's Christmas liturgy remains the same , experts say we should expect the unexpected . "  He tends to be a surprise , because he does things that are normal , but are very abnormal in terms of the papacy , " O'Connell said . "  He brought three homeless men into where he is living to have breakfast with him on his birthday . ... I suspect we will see something else again over the Christmas period . " The festivities began on Saturday , with the Pope 's Christmas message to the Curia . He urged the church 's governing body to avoid gossip and to focus on service . And then he practiced what he preached , spending three hours at a local hospital bringing Christmas cheer to sick children .	"  Peace calls for daily commitment , " Francis says in his Christmas Urbi et Orbi message Make it in Syria , Israel , the Palestinian territories , South Sudan , he says The Urbi et Orbi address is customarily political and global , as its name indicates It is Latin and means "  to the city  of Rome  and to the world "
Off the coast of East Africa  CNN  -- On board the HDMS Iver Huitfeldt , the captain has just had them execute what on land would be considered a three point turn . The huge frigate churns up the ocean as it neatly swings back around to its starting point ship and to an abrupt -- and complete -- stop . This is not what you 'd expect from a gigantic naval warship , but this is no ordinary boat . The Iver Huitfeldt is one of the most advanced ships in the world . The average ship cruises along at roughly 9 miles an hour . The Iver does 30 . With a 46,000 horsepower engine it can get to top speeds from a standing start , outrunning and surrounding its targets in a manner designed to make those on board think twice about putting up too much of a fight . The Iver is at what 's been described as the sharp end of Operation Ocean Shield , NATO 's counter-piracy mission in the waters off of the Horn of Africa . Commander Carsten Fjord-Larsen , the Iver 's skipper , sees his high-tech ship as a very modern solution in the fight against an age-old problem . "  Keeping the pirates at bay , keeping them ashore is the first key issue . We can sit on the pirate camps and prevent them from coming out , and if they go out we disrupt them . " Operation Ocean Shield began life in 2008 as a United Nations-mandated mission to escort World Food Program ships through the Red Sea , one of the busiest waterways in the world . It later evolved into its current iteration , helping to drive down the frequency and success of piracy attacks . But it has n't been easy , and Fjord-Larsen has a tinge of respect in his voice when he speaks about the pirate 's capabilities . "  They have been building up tactical procedures and we have seen that they are fantastic sailors , and now that we can come very close to shore , I 've seen with my own eyes how they can negotiate the big waves along the coast . " "  They are well organized and they can easily put up an attack group , with the necessary money to do so and to get the men , " he added . One of the ways the Iver 's technology has helped is by taking much of the guesswork out of a potentially hostile approach . The ship is equipped with an infra-red camera , which has a range of at least seven miles . "  We can see right into the small craft , we can see faces on people , " said Per Moll , the Iver 's executive officer . "  We can see what they have in the craft . Is that fishing gear ? We can see ladders , are there a lot of weapons on board ? " "  If we do have a pirated ship and we 're doing an approach , trying to free the hostages or at least take back the ship , we can see who 's actually in charge because you can follow the different people around the ship . " The Iver Huitfeldt is one of four ships involved in Ocean Shield . The San Marco , an Italian ship , acts as the floating headquarters for the operation and a base for Admiral Antonio Natale , the commander overseeing Ocean Shield . The San Marco hosts joint training exercises to help build the pirate-fighting capacities of regional navies . We watched Tanzanian sailors looking on as the San Marco marine unit rappelled from helicopters suspended over the flight deck . This is what a hostile approach must look like for the hostages on a pirate craft -- goggle-wearing marines in camouflage snaking down suspended ropes before fanning out across the ship with guns cocked as the chopper 's blades whip up the air and the sea . At least 212 crew members of various ships were held hostage by pirates off the Horn of Africa in 2012 . And while another 60 have been held so far this year , Natale believes Ocean Shield is starting to turn the tide against the seaborne criminal gangs . "  Right now the last hijacked ` unit ' was in May last year , " Natale told us . "  There are some attacks but with no success and we 've captured pirates who are in jail awaiting prosecution , so the situation seems to be going in the right direction . " The huge amounts being spent here may be paying off , but piracy still effectively acts as a tax on every good coming through these waters . Many commercial operators now pay on board security contractors , and those that do n't must cough up for the extra fuel expended in navigating around the pirates ' operating zone , which is an area the size of Europe . Another option is a costly wait to be transported by NATO ships through the so-called "  Internationally Recommended Transit Corridor . " But Admiral Natale is optimistic that through the involvement of regional partners , a sustainable -- not to mention cheaper -- solution can be found . "  Two years ago the international community paid more than $ 12 billion to face this problem ; last year we reduced this amount to $ 7 billion and only a small part of this is related to governments , to the military . " But Natale is clear that to truly defeat piracy once and for all in the Horn of Africa , the key lies in Somalia . "  We 've been successful at sea , but of course the roots of the problem are on land . In the last ten years this has been , we could say , the only ` job ' for many young Somalis , the only way for them to work somewhere . " "  Any activity that will help train Somalis in order to stabilize their country will help bring about a final solution . " For now though , the gains made at sea remain reversible . "  As long as we 're here we 're putting on a strong pressure , and it would be na  ve to think that if we leave that all would stay peaceful " Captain Fjord-Larsen said . "  That 's not the case . The funding -LSB- for pirates -RSB- is there and they would be able to launch pirate attack groups very shortly . "	NATO 's Operation Ocean Shield chases pirates off Horn of Africa Captain of high tech HDMS Iver Huitfeldt says top goal is keeping pirates on shore 212 crew members of various ships in region were held hostage by pirates in 2012
CNN  The leaves that go into a cup of Ceylon tea play a surprisingly complex role in the history of Sri Lanka . It started with a single camellia sinesis plant brought from China in 1824 by the British , who had colonized the island then known as Ceylon in 1801 . The plant was to be displayed in the Royal Botanical Gardens outside Kandy in the country 's lush interior -- but it has since grown into a $ 1.5 billion export business for the teardrop shaped island nation off India 's southern tip . Alongside the agricultural production of tea , which accounts for 2.5 % of the country 's $ 60 billion GDP , tea tourism is also emerging as a popular experience for travelers . In 1867 Scottish coffee planter James Taylor , the man who would be recognized as the pioneer of Sri Lanka 's tea industry , planted 19 acres of tea near Kandy at an altitude of around 500 meters . In the 1860s , however , Sri Lanka was the world 's largest coffee producer and few paid attention to Taylor . Two years later came the first seeds of change when Hemileia vastatrix , or coffee rust , was detected on the island . Within 10 years , this lethal fungus led to financial ruin for the island 's British coffee planters . Roughly 1,700 left for England while the remaining 400 or so switched to growing tea . Sir Arthur Conan Doyle famously commented that "  the tea fields of Ceylon are as true a monument to courage as is the lion at Waterloo . " Tea industry starts The East India Company brought Tamil women from Southern India to work as tea pluckers , ushering in the next chapter of human suffering on these lush green acres . By 1890 , the year Thomas Lipton arrived to purchase tea estates , 23,000 tons of tea were exported to London 's tea auctions . Ceylon had become an island synonymous with tea . Ceylon won independence from British rule in 1948 but the tea industry remained a colonial domain . When government pressure led to the selection of six Ceylonese men as the first indigenous tea tasters in 1950 , one of them , Merrill J. Fernando , remembers being told by British colleagues , "  You all eat too much curry , it ruins the taste buds ! " Even as the island nation became the world 's largest tea exporter in 1965 , the industry itself was still dominated by the British , who exported the tea as raw material and branded it overseas . Fernando began dreaming of packaging and marketing 100 % pure Ceylon tea , dispensing with middlemen and keeping more profits for his country , which officially became known as Sri Lanka in 1972 . Two destructive rounds of land reform in the 1970s delayed those dreams and nearly wiped out Sri Lanka 's tea industry , but in 1988 Fernando founded Dilmah Tea . Today , Dilmah is Sri Lanka 's most recognized international brand . World famous According to the World Tea Council , in 2012 Sri Lanka exported 340 million kilograms of tea , the third highest by volume behind Kenya and China , though number two when measured in value terms , thanks to the premium revolution begun by Dilmah 's founder . When asked about the future of Sri Lankan tea given increased competition from younger , more productive fields in Kenya and the global coffee craze , Fernando 's son , Dilmah executive Malik Fernando , points to his competition . "  We need Teaeli and others to continue introducing sophisticated products that identify Ceylon tea as the finest grown to the next generations , " he says . For his part , Teaeli founder Dushyantha De Silva saw a market niche five years ago . "  Ceylon tea had not changed much since my grandparent 's time , " explains the 22 year-old Colombo native . "  When our 26-year civil war ended in 2009 , we all knew a tourist boom would come . I felt the market had room to welcome creative new tastes , especially for overseas visitors who want to leave with a souvenir of Sri Lanka 's tea culture . " Sri Lanka 's top 7 tea experiences Dilmah Private Tea Tastings Sip-and-spit sessions , akin to wine tasting , can be arranged at Dilmah 's headquarters outside Colombo where anyone can learn to distinguish the island 's full-bodied Maskeliya low-grown teas from golden hued high-grown harvests like the Ran Watte single origin variety grown at 1,829 meters . Dilmah Private Tea Tastings ; 111 Negumbo Road , Peliyagoda ; +94114822000 ; by appointment , from $ 75 including lunch Euphorium Tea Salon Japanese-Sri Lankan owner Midori Peiris offers tea appreciation classes and serves bespoke blends like her black-tea based Chloe mixed with dried flower petals , as well as clever tea-based cocktails , Japanese-inspired lunch dishes and pastries . Euphorium Tea Salon , 3-14 Kynsey Road , Colombo ; +94115230523 ; Tues-Sat 10 a.m.-6 p.m. ; prices from $ 2 for a 50g leaf tea packet Ceylon Tea Trails Some 1,300 meters above sea level among the fertile tea fields of the south central Bogawantalawa Valley , visitors can find four sprawling planters ' bungalows built between 1890 and 1939 . They operate as a five-star tea resort with period antiques , Swiss trained butlers and a planter-in-residence -- Andrew Taylor , a descendent of Sri Lanka 's tea pioneer , who leads guests through surrounding tea estates . High tea 's served with premium Dilmah sips like Craighead Estate Ceylon Silver Tips and Rilhena Estate Gently Cinnamon Smoked Ceylon Pekoe . Ceylon Tea Trails ; +94112303888 ; rates from $ 405 Kahanda Kanda Five of the nine individually decorated suites face the surrounding tea plantation at this photogenic inn perched along the hills outside Galle on Sri Lanka 's southern coast . Guests can roam among the low country tea bushes and meet the resident pluckers but the intense flavor of the black tea produced here means most is exported to Russia and Iraq . Kahanda Kanda , Angulugaha ; +94912286717 ; rates from $ 365 Handunugoda Tea Estate A further 10 kilometers south along the coastal Galle Road , resident planter Malinga Herman Gunaratne escorts visitors around his working tea estate where rare white tea leaves , grown only near sea level , were traditionally cut by virgins with golden scissors . Handunugoda Tea Estate , Tittiagalla , Ahangama ; +94773290999 ; daily 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Sri Lanka in Style 's Hosted Tea Journey "  To understand this ancient medicine called tea " noted tea explorer and author Jeff Fuchs will lead an inaugural series of journeys this July among the cultures and landscapes that shaped Sri Lanka 's tea story . Along with daily tastings , guests will meet some of the Tamil women pluckers who still believe animist spirits thrive among these verdant bushes . Sri Lanka in Style 's Hosted Tea Journey ; seven - , nine - and 15-day tours ; from $ 3,874 per person Teaeli Though he 's already placed his teas at Colombo 's most popular tourist destinations including Ministry of Crab and Barefoot , the founder of this recently launched upstart makes house  and hotel  calls to introduce the innovative range , which includes Almond Truffle with real white chocolate bits and an Earl Grey concocted with cornflower , bergamot and blood orange . Teaeli , +94777536907 ; prices from $ 5 per tin	Sri Lanka became known for tea when Thomas Lipton started exporting the product to London in 1890 The island now generates $ 1.5 billion every year from its tea export industry Travelers can experience private tastings in Dilmah and live on a tea plantation
CNN  -- Two men claiming to be Los Angeles-area gang members have posted a video showing them firing rifles in Syria 's civil war , apparently fighting on behalf of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . In the profanity-laced video , the two men fire rifles from behind a cinder-block wall at "  enemigos " -- enemies -- though the camera never shows an enemy in the distance . The two men often refer to "  gang-banging " and their "  homies , " and one of them displays gang hand gestures and tattoos . The video was publicized this week by the Middle East Media Research Institute , a Washington-based organization that studies and translates news accounts and social-media postings . "  This is very unique because these guys are over there , and they are with the pro-Syria forces and pro-Hezbollah forces , " said Steven Stalinksy , executive director of the institute . "  We have been monitoring foreign fighters over the years , and there has been a handful of Americans going to fight , but they have been going to fight against Assad . " The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Forces is investigating the video . "  The JTTF is aware of the video and is investigating to determine any potential threat to Americans or to U.S. interests , " FBI spokeswoman Ari Dekofsky said in a statement . "  We are not in a position to provide further comment at this time . " The ties to the al-Assad regime apparently stem from how one of the two gang members identifies himself as "  Wino " from the Westside Armenian Power gang . Some Armenians side with Assad because he has protected the minority group in Syria . Wino uploaded the video and photographs to his Facebook page , where he is identified as "  Wino Ayee Peeyakan " and by his real name , Nerses Kilajyan , according to MEMRI . The video was also posted to YouTube . Although media accounts and MEMRI explained that Kilajyan 's Facebook page contained several photos and comments earlier this week , his page was taken down as of Wednesday . MEMRI 's website , however , has reposted Kilajyan 's photographs showing him wearing Hezbollah garb and standing by a purported Hezbollah operative , MEMRI said . The pro-Iran Shiite militant group Hezbollah has fought on the regime 's side of Syria 's three-year civil war . Hezbollah is deemed a terrorist group by the U.S. government . Kilajyan is also photographed standing beside the man who also appears in the Syrian video , MEMRI said . That man in the video calls himself "  Creeper " and says he 's a member of the Sun Valley GW-13 gang . In the slang of a Latino gang-banger , Creeper often sprinkles his fluent English with Spanish words . "  Judging by the photos , Wino seems to have been fighting in Syria since December 2012 . Comments by Wino 's Facebook friends suggest that the two were deported from the U.S. due to their involvement in criminal activity , " MEMRI 's website says . In the two videos , the two men appear to be addressing gang members back in the Los Angeles area while they fire their rifles . Creeper : "  We 're in Syria still gang-banging . " Later he adds : "  Tell the homies : in the ... Middle East , still gang-banging . " Wino : "  We 're in Syria , homie . We 're in Syria , homie . ... We 're on the ... front line . " In the video , Creeper cites rappers Mr. Capone-E , Mr. Criminal and Crazy Loco , but those rappers distanced themselves from the video . "  I 've spoken to both Mr. Criminal and Crazy Loco , and none of us have any associations whatsoever with the two men in the video , " the rapper Mr. Capone-E said in a statement . " I 've been very blessed to have the most amazing fans from all walks of life and with all kinds of political views . I personally do not condone any type of violence or any type of action that leads to criminality . "  I 'm by no means a political person and will not be speaking on the subject of Syria , on which I 'm wholly uninformed , " the rapper said . Syria submits revised plan for removing chemicals CNN 's Linda Hall and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	One gang member is "  Wino , " or Nerses Kilajyan , of Westide Armenian Power gang Another is "  Creeper " of Sun Valley GW-13 gang , he says in video FBI is investigating the video "  to determine any potential threat " "  This is very unique because these guys are ... with the pro-Syria forces , " analyst says
CNN  -- The man identified as the double agent who killed eight people at a U.S. base in Afghanistan was a Jordanian doctor recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source , a senior Jordanian official said Tuesday . A former U.S. intelligence official identified the suicide bomber Monday as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi . The Jordanian official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said authorities in Jordan arrested al-Balawi more than a year ago "  for some suspicious information related to him " but released him because of a lack of evidence . "  After few months , he got in touch with us through the Internet and sent us several e-mails that include very important and rather dangerous information that might affect the security and stability of the country , " the official said . "  We kept in touch with him through e-mails in order to get more information and also trying to bring him over to be able to get more information . We shared and exchanged the information he gave us with some other friendly countries that are involved in countering terrorism . " The official said Jordan could not confirm that al-Balawi was the bomber , "  because we are not on the ground . " "  But we are not denying that if he is the one , then he is the Jordanian doctor , " the official said . The December 30 blast at a U.S. base in Khost , in southeastern Afghanistan , killed seven CIA operatives including two from private security firm Xe , formerly known as Blackwater . The eighth victim was Jordanian Army Capt. Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a cousin of Jordan 's King Abdullah II . U.S. sources said bin Zeid was the Jordanian operative working closely with al-Balawi , who was from the same hometown as the onetime leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Jordanian and U.S. intelligence agencies apparently believed that al-Balawi had been rehabilitated from his extremist views and were using him to hunt Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's No. 2 figure , the former intelligence official said . In a posting on its Web site last week , the Taliban in Afghanistan claimed that the bomber was an Afghan National Army soldier . On Sunday , however , Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud said in an e-mail that his arm of the Islamic movement carried out the attack , using a Jordanian national . Mehsud 's message predicted , "  This will be admitted by the CIA and the Jordanian government . " The attack was "  a huge blow , symbolically and tactically , " because it eliminated such a large number of CIA officers , who can require years to become ingrained in the region , said Reva Bhalla , director of analysis for the international intelligence firm STRATFOR . In addition , the attack showed the ability of the Taliban to penetrate perhaps the most difficult of targets : a CIA base , she said . Former CIA official Robert Richer called it the greatest loss of life for the agency since the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut , Lebanon , which killed eight agents . An American intelligence official vowed last week that the United States would avenge the attack .	Jordanian doctor Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi identified as bomber Official : Authorities in Jordan recruited al-Balawi as counterterrorism intelligence Blast at U.S. base in Afghanistan killed seven CIA operatives , Jordanian military officer
CNN  -- Siri , Mars , Mac and Luna . I 'm not talking Apple products or planetary terms . These are baby names . And not just any baby names but ones that have jumped in popularity in 2012 , according to Baby Center.com 's just released list . Baby Siri ? Seriously , who would name their bundle of joy after a frustrating Apple product that hardly ever works ? And speaking of Apple  see daughter of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin ,  that name moved up a whopping 585 places on the list of names for girls born in 2012 . So there could conceivably be a family out there with a daughter named Apple and a son named Siri .  Hope that entitles the family to a discount on an iMac . There was a time when bizarre baby naming was something only celebrities did to their kids  as if being the child of a celebrity was n't challenging enough  . There 's Beyonce and Jay Z 's Blue Ivy , Penn Jillette 's son , Moxie Crimefighter , Bono 's daughter Memphis Eve , actor Jason Lee 's son Pilot Inspektor , and the list goes on and on . But now this "  condition " is apparently spreading to the rest of us . In addition to the offbeat names above , 2011 saw babies sporting such names as : Moo , Draper , Graceland and Tequila . There are even media reports that this past weekend some parents allegedly named their newborn daughter , Hashtag . That one may turn out to be an Internet hoax , but after last year 's story of a child in Egypt being named Facebook  in praise of the role Facebook played in the Egyptian revolution  , we ca n't be too far from babies named Retweet and Spam Blocker anyway . It truly is only a matter of time until you meet a kid named DVR or Playstation 3 . Apparently some parents believe that giving their child a jaw-dropping name will make him or her more distinctive . News flash : it 's not the name that makes your child stand out , it 's his or her achievements . While I do n't want to rain on creativity , let 's be honest -- these weird names are more about parents showing off their "  cleverness " than about finding a name that fits the child . It 's not like the parents got to know the child first for a few months and then said , "  You know this baby really is a little Siri . " And do these parents even consider that a baby 's name can cause consequences for the child that the parents never imagined , and in many areas of the child 's life ? When I reflect upon my own name , I realize that my life could have been far different if my parents had followed their initial instincts when naming me . My Palestinian father wanted to name me Saladin after the famous Muslim leader , while my Sicilian mother wanted to name me Dino . Instead they compromised on Dean . Growing up in North Jersey , Dean was not a common name . But it actually made me feel different in a good way being the only Dean in my class . And even today in looking at the list of baby names for 2012 , I was actually happy that Dean was not in the top 100 . Still , the truth is , if I 'd been named Dino , I would have certainly been viewed as more ethnic by teachers , potential employers and co-workers . I would have been required to continually overcome cultural stereotypes . And if I 'd been named the very Arabic Saladin Obeidallah , you could just imagine all the "  fun " I would have had in post-9 / 11 America . I would have likely volunteered for "  random " security checks at the airport to make it easier for all involved or simply got used to taking the bus cross country . But there 's a difference between a name that is n't overly common and naming your child after your favorite appliance . A name is a big part of a kid 's identity . It can trigger impressions about a child even before we meet him or her -- a particular problem among the closed-minded of the world , but this is the world your child will have to navigate . For example , studies have found that children with names that linguistically sound like they come from a lower socioeconomic status are less likely to be recommended by school officials for gifted classes and actually more likely to be labeled as learning disabled . Other research has revealed that boys with feminine sounding names -- such as Shannon or Ashley -- have had more disciplinary problems in school because of their response to teasing . Still other studies have found a link between how much people like their own names and their level of self-esteem . So , parents , keep in mind that your choice of name will have a lasting impact on your child -- both for good and bad . And if you insist on picking a bizarre name for the baby , then I propose that your child be empowered to rename you with any name he or she chooses . At least then it 's fair that a child named Hashtag has parents named Angry Birds and YouTube . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A new list of popular 2012 baby names includes Siri , Mac , Luna He says it 's not just celebrities with offbeat baby-naming now ; it 's spreading to the rest of us He says studies show distinctive names can spur teasing and mistreatment Obeidallah : Parents , think twice on names ; it could have long-term effect on your child
CNN  -- Dina Lohan , mother of actress Lindsay Lohan , entered a guilty plea to drunken driving and speeding charges in a Long Island , New York , court Tuesday . Lohan , 51 , was arrested by New York State Police after a traffic stop last September . She is expected to be sentenced June 3 to perform 100 hours of community service , attend a drunken driver program and a victim impact session , and pay $ 3,000 in fines and fees , according to Nassau County district attorney spokesman Paul Leonard . Lohan 's driver 's license will be revoked and her car must have an interlock device -- which tests breath alcohol levels before a car can be started -- installed for a year under the plea agreement , Leonard said . Lohan lawyer Mark Heller told CNN that she can resume driving once the interlock device is installed , even though her license remains officially revoked . "  Considering this is the first day of Passover , we were very pleased to receive an offer which would resolve her criminal case in Nassau County with a commitment of no jail , no probation , and that afforded her the opportunity to resume her driving privileges shortly , " Heller said . "  She felt this was a great beginning for the Holy week and she was happy with that result . " A test showed Lohan , who lives in Merrick , New York , had a blood alcohol concentration of 0.20 , which is more than twice the legal limit , Leonard said . The police report said Lohan was driving at 77 mph in a 55 mph zone before she was pulled over . Lohan initially claimed that she had been injured during her arrest , but she recanted her statement after being evaluated by emergency personnel , who found no injuries .	Dina Lohan was charged with DWI , speeding in September Her blood alcohol concentration was 0.20 , more than twice the legal limit Lohan 's driver 's license will be revoked for a year She can drive after her car gets an interlock device , her lawyer says
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , from his comments to police to the arguments of his lawyers , has steadfastly maintained he should n't be found guilty of murder in the death of Trayvon Martin , contending he shot the teen in self-defense . But jurors weighing his fate wo n't hear that from him directly . On Wednesday afternoon , Judge Debra Nelson asked Zimmerman if he 'd made a decision about taking the stand in his own defense . "  After consulting with counsel , " Zimmerman replied , he 'd decided "  not to testify , your honor . " Moments later -- and after Nelson refused a request from Zimmerman 's team to dismiss the case before the jury could weigh in -- the defense rested its case . That closed another chapter in a case that has transfixed much of the nation on issues such as race and gun violence and set the stage for closing arguments starting Thursday and a jury decision as soon as Friday . What exactly the jury will be deciding , though , is still in question . Zimmerman , 29 , is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 , 2012 , death of Martin , a 17-year-old from Miami who was staying with his father in Zimmerman 's Sanford , Florida , neighborhood . He was shot dead after an altercation with Zimmerman that occurred as he was walking back from a nearby convenience store . Prosecutors asked the court Wednesday to let jurors consider two charges other than murder in relation to Martin 's death : manslaughter and aggravated assault . Zimmerman 's lawyers objected , saying it should be murder or nothing . Nelson , with Florida 's 18th Judicial Circuit responsible for overseeing cases out of Seminole County , is expected to decide that matter Thursday . Another point that will be addressed is whether Florida 's controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law -- which gives a person facing a "  presumption of fear of death or great bodily harm " extra protections should they respond with force instead of retreat -- can be applied by the jury . Zimmerman has never denied shooting Martin . But he 's contended that he had to do so to save his own life , portraying himself as the victim and Martin as the aggressor . But the late teen 's backers insisted the shooting could not be justified , with activists leading widely attended rallies and taking other steps urging authorities to press charges . Faulting Zimmerman for ignoring a 911 dispatcher 's direction not to follow the teen , they believe Zimmerman profiled Martin because he was black . Zimmerman trial : It 's about race Many of those arguments , on both sides , will likely play out during closing arguments . Those start Thursday afternoon , when Bernie de la Rionda makes the prosecution 's case for up to two hours . Defense lawyer Mark O'Mara will make his case , for up to three hours , on Friday morning , followed by a rebuttal of up to one hour from prosecutor John Guy . Then , later Friday , the case will be in the hands of the all-female jury . Lawyer wrestles with foam dummy The prosecution had once stated its intention to call up to three witnesses in the rebuttal phase of the trial . But for various reasons -- because the judge ruled they could n't pursue one line of questioning , amid uncertainty if one witness was unavailable and in the other case unexplained -- they did not . That means the last witness the jury will have heard from is Robert Zimmerman , George 's father . He testified -- like his wife , Gladys , had earlier in the trial -- that he believes it was his son who was screaming on the infamous 911 recording of the altercation that ended in Martin 's death . Contrast their testimony to that of Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , who said she was "  absolutely " certain that the panicked voice was that of her son Trayvon . The late teenager 's brother , Jahvaris Fulton , made a similar declaration in court . Defense attorneys argue Zimmerman shot Martin in self-defense after the Miami teenager charged him . Prosecutors argue Zimmerman followed Martin through his neighborhood and shot him without provocation . Besides Robert Zimmerman , others took the stand Wednesday as well in the defense team 's fourth day presenting their case . They included a "  use-of-force " expert and Olivia Bertalan , who spoke of being appreciative of her neighbor Zimmerman 's support after being the target of a home invasion . Still , the day 's star may have been a foam dummy . O'Mara grappled with the life-size model inside the courtroom , working to show rapt jurors the competing versions of what happened the rainy night Martin was killed . Assistant State Attorney John Guy brought out the dummy in an effort to demonstrate that it would have been difficult for Zimmerman to retrieve his handgun from his pocket with Martin straddling him , as defense attorneys have argued was the case . The fatal gunshot , Guy reminded defense witness Dennis Root , was fired at a 90-degree angle into Martin 's body . ` Raise your voice , not your hands , ' cops urge as Zimmerman verdict looms "  Would n't that be consistent with Travyon Martin getting off of George Zimmerman and George Zimmerman raising the gun and firing it ? " Guy asked Root , a use-of-force expert . "  It could be consistent with any kind of movement ... We were n't there so the info that we have is George Zimmerman 's statement , " he said . Later , defense attorney Mark O'Mara straddled the dummy himself , pounding the back of its head against the carpeted courtroom floor , demonstrating how he says Martin gave Zimmerman the head wounds seen in police photographs from the night of the shooting . He later asked Root -- a former police officer with extensive training in firearms and self-defense -- if it would have been possible for Zimmerman to reach around Martin 's body to get at a gun located near his hip . "  Yes , sir , " Root replied , minutes before Nelson called a lunch break . Earlier , Root testified the apparent fight between Zimmerman and Martin went on for a relatively long time -- some 40 seconds -- and was clearly marked by a high level of fear and anxiety . "  I have personally sat there and timed it myself , where it is about 40 seconds of time . That 's a very long time to be involved in any type of physical altercation , " Root said . "  We have a golden rule , " he told defense attorney Mark O'Mara . "  If you have not successfully completed the fight , if you have not won the fight in 30 seconds , change tactics , because the tactics you are using are not working . " In trial , it 's a jury of millions HLN 's Grace Wong , Graham Winch , Jonathan Anker and Anna Lanfreschi and CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	The defense rests their case after George Zimmerman declines to testify This comes after rapt jurors watch attorneys tussle with a dummy in the courtroom The judge will mull a request to include a manslaughter option The prosecution will close on Thursday ; the defense will do so Friday
CNN  -- Celebrities expressed their outrage at Sony Picture 's decision to cancel plans to release "  The Interview " on Christmas Day on Twitter . The news comes after many major theater owners canceled next week 's screenings of the controversial film , which depicts the assassination of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un . U.S. investigators appeared ready to blame North Korea for the crippling hack attack at Sony Pictures , which saw the leak of internal emails and personal information that escalated to a threat that people should avoid going to theaters where "  The Interview " is playing . When the film was pulled , celebrities vented their disappointment and raised concerns about the precedent it would set for controversial films in the future . Actor Judd Apatow , a friend of one of the film 's lead actors Seth Rogen , tweeted : "  I think it is disgraceful that these theaters are not showing The Interview . Will they pull any movie that gets an anonymous threat now ? West Wing actor Rob Lowe , who also makes a cameo appearance in the film said : "  Wow . Everyone caved . The hackers won . An utter and complete victory for them . Wow . " Stand-up comedian Amy Schumer let it all out in expletives : "  No bulls *** though , this is seriously f ***** and it 's such a sad day for free speech . Frightening . " Actress Mia Farrow called Sony "  a disgrace " and that "  the bad guys won " . Filmmmaker Michael Moore decided to use the opportunity to ask the hackers for a favor . He tweeted : "  Dear Sony Hackers : now that u run Hollywood , I 'd also like less romantic comedies , fewer Michael Bay movies and no more Transformers . " He later added : "  Oh , hackers , one more thing - I lost like $ 180K on -LSB- my film -RSB- ` Canadian Bacon . ' Can u do the opposite of what u just did & get it back IN to theaters ? " Meanwhile , Seth Rogen posted a review of the film earlier this week , but neither he nor James Franco addressed the controversy directly on social media .	Celebrities use social media to express outrage at decision to cancel plans to release controversial film U.S. investigators appear ready to blame North Korea for the hack attack on Sony Controversial comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco depicts the assassination of North Korea 's leader
Wanda Butts dropped the phone and screamed when she heard the news that her son was dead . Josh had drowned while rafting on a lake with friends . The 16-year-old did n't know how to swim , and he was n't wearing a life jacket . "  I could n't believe it , I did n't want to believe it : that just like that , my son had drowned and he was gone , " she said , recalling the 2006 tragedy . Butts had worried about her son 's safety when it came to street violence or driving , and she said she had always warned him of those dangers . But water accidents never crossed her mind . "  It did not occur to me that my son would drown because he did n't know water safety , " she said . "  Josh was never taught the basic life skill of learning how to swim . " Josh was not alone in the black community . According to USA Swimming , 70 % of African-American children can not swim , compared with nearly 60 % for Hispanic children and 42 % for white children . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , African-American children between the ages of 5 and 14 are three times more likely to drown than white children in the same age range . As Butts tried to make sense of her son 's tragedy , she realized she had passed her own inexperience to her son . Her father had witnessed a drowning when he was young and instilled in her a fear of water . "  So as a child , I never went around water , " said Butts , 58 . "  I never went swimming . I did n't know anything about water or life jackets and water safety . " Because of this fear , Butts raised Josh without any exposure to water . But today , she is determined to prevent other mothers from doing the same . In 2007 , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that provides low-cost swimming lessons for children in Toledo , Ohio . "  After losing my son , I wanted to do something to help other people , to help another mother not have to suffer the way I do every day from the loss of a child drowning , " she said . To date , the Josh Project has helped more than 1,000 children learn how to swim . "  All children are at risk of drowning , but the majority of the children that the Josh Project serves are minority children , who we have found are more at risk , " Butts said . Several cultural and historical factors can help explain why that is . One is the segregation of swimming pools during the 20th century , according to Jeff Wiltse , author of "  Contested Waters : A Social History of Swimming Pools in America . " Relatively few swimming pools were built to serve the black community back then , so much of a generation was denied the opportunity to swim , Wiltse told the BBC . Also , if parents ca n't swim , their children are far less likely to learn how , according to a recent study conducted by the University of Memphis . The study , sponsored by USA Swimming , found that a fear of drowning and a fear of injury prevent many African-American parents from putting their children in swimming lessons . It also found that many avoid swimming for cosmetic reasons , such as the effect chlorinated water has on their hair . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes For some families today , it 's still tough to find an accessible pool . "  The public pools near our home have been closed in the past , and other places were not affordable , " said Lisa Haynes , whose 14-year-old son , Joshua , is one of 60-plus students in the Josh Project this season . The swimming lessons take place at a local high school over four Saturdays for a total cost of $ 10 . "  I am less worried if  Joshua  is near water because he has the basics of how to swim , " Haynes said . "  And we 're thankful for that . " Butts is doing much more , however , than just providing swimming lessons . "  She ups the awareness , and that is half the battle , " said Shaun Anderson , a swimming coach who was so inspired by her story that he created a Josh Project swimming program at Norfolk State University in Virginia . "  Once these communities learn how to swim , they will pass it down , which results in future generations that know how to swim . " Butts said she has two goals for the future : One is to change the drowning statistics of minority children , and the other is to have an aquatic center where the children can swim daily instead of just once a week . "  The joy on the faces of those children -- when they see that they can learn , once they get it -- they are so happy with themselves , " she said . "  And it 's like all of them are my children . It 's like I did n't lose my son . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Josh Project website at www.joshproject.org and see how to help .	The Josh Project has helped more than 1,000 children in Ohio learn to swim Most of them are minorities , according to Wanda Butts , whose son drowned in 2006 Statistics show that minority children are less likely than white children to know how to swim Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged global leaders Monday to launch a multibillion-dollar climate fund agreed to last year in Cancun , Mexico . The U.N. chief made the call as he attended a conference of climate vulnerable countries held here in the Bangladesh capital . Representatives from 20 countries attended the ministerial level meeting inaugurated by Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina . Ban said , "  We are in the middle of a serious economic crisis . But even in these difficult times , we can not afford delay . We can not ask the poorest and the most vulnerable to bear the costs . " "  The Green Climate Fund needs to be launched in Durban . An empty shell is not sufficient , " he said . "  Governments must lead the way to catalyze the $ 100 billion dollars per annum from public and private sources that was pledged to 2020 , " he said . He urged the governments to find a compromise on the Kyoto Protocol on climate change at a Durban climate conference and to make a broader comprehensive climate agreement possible in the future . "  Durban must complete what was agreed last year in Cancun , " he said at the Climate Vulnerable Forum-2011 . The two-day CVF conference began Sunday , aiming to reach consensus on various climate issues and an agreement to work together at the 17th Conference of the Parties  COP-17  to be held in Durban , South Africa , beginning November 28 . Ban said adaptation must be a priority for all countries , but especially the most vulnerable . "  They need help with resources and technology , " he said . The conference of the alliance of the 26 most vulnerable countries to climate change , ended with the adoption of a 14-point Dhaka Ministerial Declaration . Bangladesh Prime Minister Hasina expressed her frustration over a slow and inadequate progress of United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change  UNFCCC  process to confront the daunting challenges of climate change , and she called for setting criteria to prioritize vulnerable countries based on their risks and lack of coping capacities . "  We see no evidence of direct and easy access to funds and technology , and conditions and criteria seem to favor countries that have greater capacities ... most vulnerable countries are failing to access whatever support that are being realized , " she said . The CVF members expressed their determination to stand indivisible to face causes , consequences and collateral effects of climate change in their declaration . They reiterated firm resolve to work collectively with the other Parties to the UNFCCC towards limiting foreseeable global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels , peaking global green house gas emissions by 2015 . Briefing reporters after the conference , the Bangladesh state minister for environment and forests , Dr. Hasan Mahmud , said , "  We have decided to raise our voice together on various contentious issues in Durban " . The declaration said climate change induced displacement of people has become a major concern , and the relocation and rehabilitation of those people is putting enormous pressure on infrastructures and service facilities , as well as causing tremendous social stresses . It said migration is a viable adaptation strategy to manage risks during displacement and relocation and affected populations should be offered enhanced options leading to a dignified and diversified livelihood . The Climate Vulnerable Forum was founded at the initiative of the Maldives in 2009 and 26 countries , mostly from the group called the Least Developed Countries , have joined the forum so far . The CVF members include Antigua , Barbuda , Bangladesh , Barbados , Bhutan , Costa Rica , Ethiopia , Ghana , Grenada , Guyana , Kenya , Kiribati , Liberia , Maldives , Marshall Islands , Micronesia , Nepal , Philippines , Rwanda , Saint Lucia , Samoa , Solomon Islands , Tanzania , Timor-Leste , Tuvalu , Vanuatu and Vietnam .	The ministers come from nations considered most vulnerable to climate change An important world-wide climate change meeting is coming up in South Africa The ministers agreed to stand united on a number of climate issues
Longmont , Colorado  CNN  -- Sue Frederick says she can see your dream job and is ready to help you find it . Unlike traditional career counselors , Frederick uses her "  intuition " to help her clients . "  I 've been called a clairvoyant and a medium because my skills fit those skills , " says Frederick . She says she only amplifies the intuition that each of her clients already has : "  You have all the answers you need inside of you and all the gifts you need to make it happen . " What she does is much more than just gazing into a crystal ball or reading someone 's palm . "  I help people first see the big picture , then I bring it down to the concrete baby steps , " she says . "  Everyone needs to have a baby step action plan , or they are paralyzed ... so we break it down . " Here 's how it works : Clients who are usually in some sort of job crisis , laid off or unhappy with their work , get in touch with Frederick , usually by phone , and give her their date of birth . "  If you take your date of birth and digit it down to a single number , you come up with the energy of what you have come to be in the world through your path , your work , " she says . "  I help people see what that means in their life . " Next , Frederick meditates about the client 's case and says she has visions of the right career move for her clients . "  I see images and pictures of people doing their great work in the world , " she says . At this point , many people roll their eyes and write Frederick off -- but she says a better job and a better life await those willing to make the leap . "  The first step is to understand more about your soul 's mission , " she says . "  There 's always a deeper story when people are unhappy with their job or they are afraid -- it 's time for a reinvention point . " It 's at that point , she says , that people are willing to "  pull back and look at the bigger picture of their life . " These reinvention points , according to Frederick , come as part of nine-year cycles . She uses numerology to pinpoint where her clients are on those cycles and when it 's time to change she helps people move in a more fulfilling direction . "  The next step in everyone 's career journey is to a higher expression of their gifts and what they 've come to do in this world , " she says . "  So it becomes more meaningful work , more financially successful , more fulfilling in that they think they are bringing more of their true self to the world through their work . " But she emphasizes that this does n't mean taking a vow of poverty to teach yoga or live on an ashram . "  Here 's the myth : We 're told that either we can pick work that we love and be poor and starve or we can have the job we take for benefits and security and be unhappy , " she says . "  We 're told that those are our two choices , and that 's not true at all . " Frederick , 59 , made her own career change a decade ago . She says she has been aware of her psychic powers since she was a little girl but was reluctant to share them . After a career as a journalist and magazine editor , she decided to become a career counselor and use her intuition . She has worked with thousands of clients who pay $ 250 for a one-hour session with her , usually over the phone . She shares a large house outside of Boulder , Colorado , with her husband and teenage kids . Statues of the Hindu god Ganesh mingle effortlessly with baseball gear and running shoes . Frederick -- who also hosts seminars and has written a book , "  I See Your Dream Job " -- says she is booked six months in advance . She says that while the current economic downturn is difficult in the short term , it is presenting people with the opportunity to change and find a better career and a better , more fulfilling life . "  This economy means people who have been unhappy with their job but just took it for the benefits and the paycheck are finally getting shaken out of those jobs , " she says . "  Now they finally get the opportunity to reinvent . "  Now when you laid off and ca n't get a job in your old path , you finally get to go , ` OK , maybe I can take a baby step in a new direction . ' " She says it 's all about discovering your true passion in life : "  When we pick a career from our passion , from our soul 's work , then that always brings us to true abundance no matter how strange or unique or unusual that work may be . "	Sue Frederick uses her "  intuition " to help clients find their true career path She charges clients $ 250 an hour and usually consults by phone "  I help people first see the big picture , then I bring it down to ... baby steps , " she says Frederick says business is booming ; she is booked through the end of the year
Washington  CNN  -- Three days after Aaron Alexis walked into the Washington Navy Yard and randomly shot and killed 12 people , a congressional push for tougher gun laws still seems unlikely to materialize like it did following the the Newtown school massacre . But as more details emerge of Alexis ' troubled past , lawmakers appear to be reframing the debate over gun violence , this time with emphasis on better treatment for mental health . The exasperated gun control debate takes a turn After the December shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary school and a Colorado movie theater massacre the previous July that resulted in an insanity plea by the shooter , lawmakers and advocates on both sides of the gun debate called for improved mental health services . But those calls were drowned out by the more emotional and better-funded debate over gun control . Now , Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , wants to re-introduce a mental health measure that had overwhelming support across party lines earlier this year . Co-authored by Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska , the legislation calls for more training and familiarity with services in schools and communities . The measure was added as an amendment to the broader gun control package in the Senate earlier this year , and while the chamber approved Ayotte 's amendment by a wide margin , 95-2 , the overall package failed . The mental health legislation went nowhere . Now she 's trying to bring it back without attaching it to gun control bills . "  I actually think it can be taken up separately and easily passed , " she said on CNN , pointing to the strong support the measure received in April . "  Very little gets 90 votes around here . " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , also suggested a mental health bill can stand alone . "  I think we ought to move , " Schiff said on MSNBC . "  The gun issue has been so difficult . I think we ought to try to move forward with whatever pieces we can . " Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , said he still favors legislation for enhanced background checks but believes the mental health initiative should be the "  centerpiece " in any new effort to stop gun violence . Dampening the hope of gun control advocates , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters in the aftermath of this week 's Navy Yard slaughter that the votes are n't there to bring back the failed gun control legislation . Pressed on whether he 'd consider a narrower version that strictly focuses on mental health , Reid simply said he "  would hope it would have the votes . " "  And I would be willing to do that , " he continued . "  Anything we can do to focus attention on these senseless killings that take place . " Mental health as common ground The most avid control advocates are still poised to push ahead with their agenda . Mayors Against Illegal Guns held a rally Thursday on Capitol Hill -- an event scheduled before Monday 's shooting -- to keep pressure on lawmakers over expanded background checks . But as the investigation of Alexis continues , the conversation is largely focused on red flags from his history that were seemingly overlooked . Alexis had recently made contact with two Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals for apparent psychological issues and had exhibited signs of mental problems , CNN has learned . His father said he suffered from post-traumatic stress after working in 9/11 rescue efforts . Alexis , who was shot dead by police , was also arrested repeatedly for alarming offenses . He left the Navy after eight instances of misconduct , Navy officials said . Gun rights activists have fervently maintained gun violence stems from the deranged minds of individuals , and new gun restrictions wo n't do anything to curb the killings . The National Rifle Association has long been supportive of laws that keep guns out of the hands of those deemed mentally incompetent . Following the Virginia Tech massacre , the NRA backed a 2007 law that encouraged states to submit records of dangerously mentally ill individuals to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . "  The people that have been involved in these shootings have been people who have been severely mentally ill , " David Keene , then-NRA president , said in January . Data released last year by the FBI shows that of the nearly one million federal denials of gun purchase attempts between 1998 and 2012 , about 5,481 stemmed from mental health issues . Only about half of states still report records of those at risk . As of late 2011 , 23 states and the District of Columbia had submitted records to NICS , with 17 of those states submitting fewer than 10 records , according to a report compiled by Mayors Against Illegal Guns . States face an array of logistical , technological and privacy obstacles in reporting those records , according to reports from government agencies and the Congressional Research Office . With that said , much work remains to be done for Congress if they decide to tackle mental health in the context of gun violence . A popular policy that 's gaining ground Polls also indicate the public favors increased mental health treatment as a way to prevent gun violence . Asked how much better mental health services would help the problem , 46 % said "  a lot , " while 35 % said "  some , " and 9 % said "  not much , " according to a CBS News poll from February 2013 -- at the height of this year 's gun control debate . Asked in the same survey how much stricter gun laws could help 21 % said "  a lot , " 33 % said "  some , " 19 % said "  not much " and 26 % said "  not at all . " When President Barack Obama announced a series of 23 executive actions in his gun control push this year , four of them focused on mental health components . White House spokesman Jay Carney was asked after the Navy Yard shooting whether Obama would push for renewed conversation about mental health and gun control -- or , the reporter asked , does the president accept "  this is the normal ? " "  Well , he does n't accept that it 's the new normal . He believes that Americans do n't and ca n't accept that , " Carney said . "  We continue to call on Congress to listen to the voices of their constituents and legislate accordingly . And that includes mental health matters . "	Gun-control debate drowned out calls for better mental health services Senator might re-introduce mental health legislation that was killed in battle over background checks Senate leader says there 's not enough votes to bring back background checks bill Polls show public favors increased mental health treatment to address gun violence
The United States and the Soviet Union defined the world 's first space race , but following South Korea 's successful orbital rocket launch this week , it appears Asia -- particularly North Asia -- is the world 's new epicenter for space rivalries in the 21st century . "  In some sense we are already there , " says Daniel Pinkston , North East Asia Deputy Project Director for International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea . "  The Chinese have been very active ...  also  Japan , North and South Korea . It 's quite a competitive atmosphere . " The race will only ratchet up later this year . In the second half of 2013 , China will shoot for the moon with the aim of landing a rover vehicle on its surface ; building on exploration milestones in 2003 and 2012 with the first man , then woman , in space . India plans to send an unmanned probe into Mars orbit this November . Last July , Japan 's government set up the country 's first-ever Cabinet-level office for space strategy to oversee the country 's space policy and related budget . And on December 12 last year , North Korea joined the space club -- ahead of more technologically advanced South Korea -- with the successful launch of an Unha-3 rocket that placed an Earth observation satellite into orbit . It was a controversial first for the poverty-stricken nation , yet the country has vowed more launches . South Korea 's own successful rocket launch makes it the fifth Asian country -- and just the 13th nation in the world -- to break the bonds of Earth . Space race as proxy for arms race ? However , many see the space race as a proxy for a regional arms race . "  Many people will say that everybody is already running -- that it 's already on , " says Pinkston . "  That said it 's all relative . " "  It could be much worse . If you look at the percentage of GDP that 's allocated militarily it could be much higher . For Japan , it 's stayed under 1 % of GDP . South Korea 's is about 2.5 % . North  Korea  spends a lot , but there 's no official number out . It 's secret and difficult to ascertain . " South Korea 's launch of the Naro-3 -- and its 800-kilometer range -- could add to regional tension . If used to propel a ballistic missile , it could reach most of East Asia . And with South Korea a strong Asian ally of the United States , other regional competitors may be rattled . "  China 's main concern is that South Korea will be  used as  one of the  United States '  first containment strategies , " says Cheong Wooksik , Director of South Korea 's Peace Network in Seoul . "  South Korea 's extension of the range of its ballistic missiles will be used to check or contain the rise of China . " A South Korean ballistic missile can now hit most of China 's main eastern seaboard cities including the financial hub of Shanghai , the northeastern port cities of Tianjin and Qingdao as well as the Chinese capital of Beijing . From apprehension to anger Seoul 's successful launch may be viewed with apprehension if not outright anger by its regional neighbors . "  North Korea will strongly condemn South Korea 's launch , " says Cheong of Peace Network , but adds that Pyongyang does not feel the international community would condemn South Korea 's launch . "  North Korea will ask ` Why does the international community differentiate  between the launches of the two countries  ' . It will consider that the world is applying a double standard , " says Cheong . On January 22 , the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution condemning North Korea 's rocket launch from December and expanded existing U.N. sanctions . With China , analysts believe the country 's official response to South Korea 's launch will be more muted but that North Korea will pressure Beijing to bend to its own line . "  North Korea will try to exploit the South 's launch as hypocritical so they will pressure China to take that position ... to share that view that this is an example of the hypocrisy and inequality of  this month 's  U.N. Security Council Resolution 2087 , " says Pinkston . China was a signatory to that resolution , as was Japan . "  I do n't think they  Japan  will say anything in that the South Korean program has been transparent , " adds Pinkston . "  They 've conducted themselves in a way that 's non-threatening . South Korea does not have a nuclear weapons program . It has signed all the non-proliferation treaties . " But Cheong of South Korea 's Peace Network disagrees . "  I do n't think Japan will welcome  the  South Korean launch , " he says . "  South Korea and Japan have many issues including  a maritime  territorial dispute . Japan 's fundamental concern is that South Korea becomes stronger and stronger . South Korea 's launch may , at least in small part , spur Japan 's rearmament . " ` Fully competitive ' Looking to the future , the historical lack of cooperation between Asia 's orbit-reaching nations alludes more to competition than camaraderie . "  There 's been some cooperation ... I know Japan has launched one satellite at least for South Korea , " says Pinkston . "  But in most other areas , science exploration , remote sensing , manned spacecraft ... it 's limited . " "  If you look on a continuum of ` full cooperation ' to ` fully competitive ' it 's more leaning towards competitive . "	` Asia already in space race in some sense ' , says ICG 's Daniel Pinkston China , India have moon and Mars ambitions in 2013 Space race is proxy for arms race but ` could be worse ' , says Pinkston South Korea rocket launch will not be condemned , says Peace Institute 's Cheong
CNN  -- The man who shot three women dead in a Pennsylvania gym before killing himself this week posted at least two videos on YouTube last year , apparently referring to a desire for a girlfriend in both . George Sodini addresses the camera in his basement in one of his YouTube videos . George Sodini , 48 , gave a tour of his house in one clip , his camera briefly panning across a book called "  Date Young Women " in his living room . "  The couch and chairs , they match . The woman will really be impressed , " he says just before showing the book . In the bedroom , he says , "  It looks pretty clean . I 'm sure she 'll be impressed . " It is not clear whether he is speaking about a particular person . He speaks directly to the camera in the second video , posted four months later . "  It is easy for me to hide from my emotions for one more day , " he says , speaking to a mirror in his basement . "  Take a long drive in a car , listen to some music , daydream or just do some mundane task around the house that really does n't need to be done that 's not too important . And there you go , one more day , and one more day turns into one more year . " Watch some of the shooter 's videos " Sodini walked into a gym aerobics class and began shooting about 8 p.m. Tuesday , killing three women and wounding nine others before turning the gun on himself . He "  just had a lot of hatred in him , " Allegheny County police superintendent Charles Moffatt said Wednesday . He brought four handguns into the LA Fitness gym outside Pittsburgh and used three of them , firing at least 36 times , Moffatt said . Those killed were identified by the county 's medical examiner as Heidi Overmier , 46 , of Carnegie , Pennsylvania ; Elizabeth Gannon , 49 , of Pittsburgh ; and Jody Billingsley , 38 , of Mount Lebanon . Authorities think Sodini targeted the aerobics class specifically , as a schedule was found in his home with that class circled , Moffatt said . But police do not believe that he targeted anyone personally . Rather , because of an online diary he left , as well as notes at the scene and at his home , they think he was targeting women in general . In the note left at the scene in Sodini 's gym bag , Moffatt said , he complains that he had never spent a weekend with a woman , never vacationed with a woman and never lived with a woman , and that he had had limited sexual experiences . He makes similar complaints in his blog , which also documents his growing rage at women for their rejection of him and at the world he felt had abandoned him . Sodini , a member of the gym , was found dead in the aerobics room of the gym , lying on top of one of his guns about 7 feet from one of the victims . He had worked as a systems analyst in the finance department of K&L Gates , a law firm with an office in Pittsburgh , since 1999 , said Mike Rick , a spokesman for the firm . Neighbors described him as reclusive and said he had stopped talking to them in the past few years . Sodini apparently had "  practice runs " before the shooting Tuesday , Moffatt said . Someone at the gym had showed him how to shut off the lights , he said , not knowing of his plans . "  He was hell bent on committing this act , " Moffatt said . Three of the four guns found with Sodini were traced back to him , and authorities are in the process of tracing the fourth , Moffatt said . They were two 9 mm semiautomatics , a .45 - caliber revolver and a .38 in his pocket . Sodini also had 30-round ammunition clips that were illegal before the assault weapons ban was lifted in 2004 , police said . On Tuesday , Sodini visited the gym three times : the first about 11 a.m. , a second time at 7:40 p.m. and a third time at 7:56 p.m. , Moffatt said . Members of the gym are required to swipe a card to check in but do not have to check out , he said . The first 911 call was dispatched at 8:16 p.m. However , police know that Sodini made a telephone call at 7:45 p.m. and think he may have left the gym to make it . Authorities are attempting to find the person he contacted , Moffatt said . Witnesses said he was dressed in black when he entered the class , shut off the lights , walked about 10 feet and began shooting . Mary Primis , 26 , an aerobics instructor who is pregnant , was shot twice . "  I remember thinking I wanted to hold my breath because I was afraid , if he saw that I was breathing , he would shoot again , " she told CNN affiliate WPXI from her hospital bed . Asked whether she thought she was going to die , she said , "  I was n't sure . " Her husband , Alex Primis , told WPXI that she was shot once in the left shoulder and again through the back of her shoulder blade . Sodini did not mention killing himself in the note found at the scene , which was mostly typed with handwritten notations , but did mention it in a handwritten note found at his home , Moffatt said . Police seized Sodini 's car for processing ; no guns were found in it , he said . They also seized his computer and were examining it . Moffatt said he believed that none of the shooting victims who remained hospitalized Wednesday had life-threatening wounds . County officials said counselors were being made available to area residents in the wake of the shooting . Police spoke to a pastor mentioned on Sodini 's online diary . The man said that Sodini had attended his church but stopped in 2006 and that there was a minor incident involving a woman who felt "  he was paying too much attention to her , " Moffatt said . The pastor spoke to Sodini , and it stopped , he said . Moffatt said police have no knowledge of any mental health issues involving Sodini but are still puzzled at the violence . "  I ca n't ever make sense of murders , " he said . CNN Correspondent Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	"  The woman will really be impressed , " he says over video of living room "  It is easy for me to hide from my emotions , " he says in another video He killed three women , himself in Pennsylvania gym this week Note , blog detail complaints against women , who he felt rejected him
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's probation should end next month , clearing the way for the actress to revive her acting career possibly playing Elizabeth Taylor in a made-for-TV movie . "  Ms. Lohan , you 're in the homestretch , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner told the actress during a probation progress hearing Wednesday . February is the third straight month of positive reports for Lohan , and a major change from recent years in which she was found in violation of probation for failed drug and alcohol tests , missed counseling sessions and community service work and a shoplifting arrest . "  You seem to be getting your life back on track and that what we hoped for , " Judge Sautner said . "  It 's never our goal to put people in jail . " Lohan has 14 more days of community service -- cleaning up at the county morgue -- and five more counseling sessions to complete before her next progress hearing on March 29 . After that , her probation for two drunk driving convictions five years ago will end . The probation for last year 's necklace theft conviction continues , but Judge Sautner said it becomes informal summary probation with no reporting requirements . "  All you have to do is obey all laws , stay out of trouble and get on with your life , " the judge told Lohan . Lohan has been in court more than a dozen times in the last two years , each time creating a media frenzy inside and outside the courthouse . But far fewer reporters attended Wednesday 's hearing . "  They just do n't want to cover good news , " Lohan lawyer Shawn Holley said . Stints in jail and court-ordered rehab cost Lohan acting jobs in recent years , but with the light at the end of the strict probation tunnel in sight , the acting jobs are reappearing . Lohan travels to New York next week to host NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " on March 3 . It 's her fourth time hosting the show , but the first since her legal troubles began in 2007 . She appears close to signing a deal to play the lead in a Lifetime network movie about legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor , who died last year . Her publicist acknowledged negotiations are underway , but "  nothing has been signed . " Although just 25 , Lohan has deep knowledge of Hollywood 's golden age and has a "  high regard " for its icons , he said . She would "  really embrace " the role of Taylor , Steve Honig said . The sales success of her nude photo spread in Playboy magazine , which hit news stands in December , is evidence that Lohan 's star power survived her legal troubles . Lohan was reportedly paid nearly $ 1 million to pose for the photos taken in a style reminiscent of the nude photograph of Marilyn Monroe that graced the debut issue of Playboy in 1953 .	"  You seem to be getting your life back on track , " judge tells Lohan Lohan earns her third consecutive good probation report Lohan is in talks for Liz Taylor role She 'll host "  Saturday Night Live " next week
CNN  -- Bringing together an army of creative writers , photographers and illustrators from all around Africa and beyond , Cameroonian journalist Ntone Edjabe has set up an exciting media platform that mixes culture and politics to present an unconventional portrayal of the continent . Dubbed Chimurenga , which means "  revolutionary struggle " in Zimbabwe 's Shona language , Edjabe 's creation is an award-winning , pan African literary magazine that addresses and embraces the continent 's diversity , with a focus on "  the complexity of life . " "  Discourse on Africa is geared towards simplicity , " explains Edjabe . "  Everything must be simple , ` he 's a poor black man , he 's a victim , ' like there has to be a simple story , in a way this is what signifies Africa and global consciousness , " he adds . "  The moment you bring a degree of complexity to it , it kind of throws people off , they just do n't know where to look anymore , it 's like , ` what 's going on ? ' So Chimurenga in a way does not try to maintain the superficiality of this narrative -- we engage with life , we try to present life as complex as it really is . " The pages of the literary magazine , which has more than 100 contributors , offer its readers a variety of thoughtful content , ranging from in-depth investigation stories and analyses to poetry and photographic essays . The journal is available online , while hard copies are distributed throughout Africa , Europe , the United States and India . Read more : Bringing joy to refugees with dance Chimurenga , which was first published in 2002 , is produced roughly once a year , only when there are available funds to do so . The only constants are its provocative content , its creative packaging and , to many , its refreshing reflection of all things African . It was recently described by a writer in the UK 's Financial Times as "  better than The New Yorker . " "  There 's a feeling about writing something , sharing something that is beautiful and truthful from one 's perspective , of course , and important , urgent almost that we demand from the contributors , " says Edjabe . "  We ask them to put themselves on the line , so to speak , as if it really matters -- not for the check that may arrive or may not , but because he matters and because he cares about what he 's writing , whether it 's music , boxing , theory , analysis , does matter , to them at least . " Chimurenga recently received a much needed cash injection after winning the prestigious Prince Claus Award , given annually to individuals , groups and organizations for their outstanding achievements in the field of culture and development . The judges praised it for challenging established ideas and stimulating pan-African culture with intellect , freedom and diversity . For a publication whose survival is wholly dependent on funding , the 100,000 euro prize money was a welcome bonus . "  I take that of course with great honor , " says Edjabe . "  I also take the check that comes with it because it 's very useful to be able to plan a little bit ahead . But ... we 're trying to develop our own measuring stick for excellence -- at the moment this kind of validation , and we appreciate it and we take it , we 're part of a world , but it 's very important that we develop our own measure for excellence . " Read more : Spreading African spirit through song Born in Douala , Cameroon , Edjabe moved to Lagos , Nigeria to study before arriving in South Africa on the eve of democracy in 1993 . Three years later he established in Cape Town the Pan African Market , a cultural center for African immigrants . More recently , Edjabe , who is also a DJ , created the Pan African Space Station , a music platform that brings together diverse African genres both online and in venues across the continent . Its radio station PASS streams music , shows and interviews live around the clock . Edjabe believes firmly that music can not be divorced from politics . "  At some point music was a vehicle recognized by people for ideas , for subversive ideas , for revolutionary ideas , it was n't just produced for entertainment , it had a very important role in the struggle , " he says . "  In this country , that 's very well known , how not just music , but creativity as a whole , arts as a whole , was used as a tool for liberation . " South Africa 's struggle and transition from apartheid to democracy are often a central theme in Edjabe 's Chimurenga . The magazine also takes a critical look at the country 's relationship with the rest of continent . Its latest edition is fashioned as a back-dated newspaper -- a mock-up of a May 2008 broadsheet , addressing that month 's unforgettable events in South Africa . Read more : S. Africa 's dean teaches reconciliation A series of attacks on migrants from other parts of the continent , left 62 people dead as South Africans turned on their fellow Africans creating an explosion of xenophobic violence . As an African who 's lived away from home for decades now , this is a topic close to Edjabe 's heart . He says it was important to re-tell the story to fill the historical gaps while re-examining the context and complexity of xenophobic violence . "  I think that the raw emotion that brings about this kind of violence to turn against your neighbor is more than what 's written on a piece of paper and I feel that that sentiment , what ever it is and whatever brings it about , I think it is still there , " says Edjabe .	Cameroonian Ntone Edjabe is the founder of the pan-African magazine Chimurenga He 's received international recognition for his unconventional portrayal of Africa The S.Africa-based award-winning journal has more than 100 contributors Its latest edition re-tells 2008 's xenophobic attacks in South Africa
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly four years into his speakership , John Boehner is stronger than ever . Boehner will be elected to his third term as Speaker on Thursday , a few days before his 66th birthday . He 's already facing post-election grumbling from conservatives , but his position is remarkably secure for a Speaker whose tenure has been marked by the drama of the debt ceiling standoff , the government shutdown and the battles within the GOP . The Ohio Republican will soon preside over the largest House GOP majority since World War II and have a new partner in the Senate when Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , becomes majority leader . Boehner will still confront plenty of challenges as he shifts from being the face of the opposition party in Congress to a leader aiming to prove Republicans can govern ahead of the 2016 presidential election . Conservatives say they are worried that Boehner and McConnell may put too much emphasis on proving they can make a dysfunctional Congress work without focusing enough on laying out an agenda that sets up a clear contrast with Democrats . Kansas GOP Rep. Tim Huelskamp , a frequent Boehner critic from the right , told CNN that the midterm elections were a mandate for change and "  change was n't compromise with the president . " He said "  what won the election in 2014 was bold conservative principles and solutions . " Social conservatives Huelskamp said he agrees with Boehner 's pledge to again pass a series of GOP economic measures next year that the Democratic-led Senate ignored . But he insisted that the GOP base also wants to see a Republican Congress take measures backed by social conservatives , and he cited "  traditional marriage and pro-life bills . " Boehner and McConnell , meanwhile , have largely stayed away from talking about social issues . "  If they define success as passing bills that the president signs , that is setting themselves up for failure over the next year , " said Dan Holler , spokesman for Heritage Action , a conservative group that has clashed with Boehner in the past . Holler said the list of economic items that the two Republican leaders listed in their op-ed published in the Wall Street Journal last week was on target , but viewed by conservatives as just "  a good start . " The expanded GOP majority will give the Speaker a bit of a cushion so he can push back against the band of House conservatives who thwarted his legislative strategy and pushed the House to shut down the government last fall . Over the last four years , the Speaker has reminded his own members who wanted bolder action that he faced limits on what he could do because he only controlled "  one half of one third of the government . " "  Most of us were tired of hearing ` this is all Harry Reid will agree to ' - that 's so 2014 , " Huelskamp said , referring to the current Senate majority leader . Opposing Boehner Other Boehner critics already plan to vote against him serving another term . A small group of GOP candidates who were elected last Tuesday night campaigned on the pledge they would oppose Boehner remaining Speaker . But the movement is n't big enough or sufficiently organized to cause any serious trouble . There is an effort , backed by Boehner allies , to get those who oppose him to do so behind closed doors on Thursday . This would avoid the embarrassment he endured in 2013 when live C-Span cameras showed a dozen House Republicans voting for someone else or skipping the vote on the House floor when Boehner began his second term . Huelskamp is one of those who publicly opposed Boehner two years ago . Boehner stripped him of his seat on the Budget committee after a series of splits with GOP leaders in 2012 . Huelskamp told CNN "  the Speaker and I have our disagreements " but that he planned to vote for him this time . He said he spoke with the Speaker recently , but declined to describe the "  private discussion . " The problem for those in the anti-Boehner crowd is they do n't have an alternative candidate . Texas Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling , who is popular among many conservatives and considered a leadership bid , decided he wanted to remain in his current post as the chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee . It is true that some of the new House Republicans are just as conservative -- if not more so -- than the members they replaced . But several House Republicans and leadership aides all say that numerically "  it 's a wash " in terms of how big of a group of rabble rousers Boehner can expect to deal with in the next Congress . Many of those in the right wing of the GOP conference who split with Boehner were fueled by support and encouragement from outside groups . But these groups lost a lot of their clout and credibility after the spending confrontation they demanded led to the shutdown , which Boehner warned would damage the GOP 's message After the surprise defeat of Boehner 's former number two - Eric Cantor - who many viewed as his only possible successor , Boehner has worked to solidify his power . Boehner spent most of the summer and fall months traversing the country campaigning for Republican candidates and collecting political chits . He visited 175 cities and remained the top House GOP fundraiser - - bringing in a whopping $ 102 million for GOP candidates from his various political committees . ` Strong position to persuade ' Boehner is "  in a strong position to persuade , " Oklahoma GOP Rep. Tom Cole told CNN . As a 24 year veteran of the House who once served as the Chair of the House Education Committee , Boehner is an institutionalist . He and McConnell are both masters of the behind the scenes legislative maneuvering that is little noticed by the public , but can lead to important deals . It 's still unclear how willing Boehner will be to give any major concessions and work with the president and Democrats to pass items like new infrastructure programs and new trade authority . There 's a sense that corralling what can sometimes be a rambunctious House GOP conference is a job that no one else besides Boehner is prepared to take on at this point -- or even wants . When Republicans gather this week , Boehner is likely to walk a fine line between telling his members what they want to hear about pushing conservative legislation next year , while starting to set some expectations . Those who have split with the Speaker say their disagreements have never been personal , and he 's earned genuine respect . Many enjoy it when he leads the infamous "  Boehner birthday song , " a fun , very short ditty members use to mark birthdays and now share on Twitter . "  Who else has a birthday song that everyone sings ? He 's clearly endeared and ingrained himself in a way that 's quite unprecedented , " Cole told CNN .	House GOP will elect Boehner speaker on Thursday Boehner is n't facing a leadership challenge Conservatives worry about Boehner 's priorities
CNN  -- A New Zealand teenager has been questioned in connection with a scheme by hackers to remotely take over more than 1 million computers worldwide and use them for criminal activity , New Zealand police and the FBI said Thursday . FBI Director Robert Mueller says botnets are "  the weapon of choice for cyber criminals . " The FBI has identified at least 2.5 million unsuspecting computer users who have been victims of so-called "  botnet " activity . Hackers install viruses , worms and other attack programs that allow them to take over the computers and use them to commit cyber crimes . Industry numbers suggest there are as many as 5 million infected computers . The FBI tracked down the teen and believes the 18-year-old , known by the cyber alias "  AKILL , " was the ringleader of an international botnet group know as the "  A-team , " responsible for infecting more than 1 million computers . Authorities seized computer equipment and questioned the teen , said New Zealand Police Detective Inspector Peter Devoy , but the person has not been identified , arrested or charged . Watch how botnet attacks occur " Internet addresses and information furnished by the FBI led to the teenager , Devoy told CNN . "  Today , botnets are the weapon of choice for cyber criminals , " said FBI Director Robert Mueller in a statement . "  They seek to conceal their criminal activities by using third-party computers as vehicles for their crimes . " Personal computers can be compromised when users open an attachment , click on an advertisement or give personal information to a "  phishing " site , or a fake site that looks legitimate . The FBI advises users to protect themselves by updating their anti-virus software , installing a firewall , using non-common passwords and avoiding suspicious e-mail attachments and advertisers ' links . In 2005 the FBI launched Operation Bot Roast to combat botnet attacks , which the bureau estimates have caused $ 20 million in losses and theft , including one scheme that bilked a Midwest financial institution out of millions . Since June , eight people have been charged or convicted of crimes related to botnet activity . Between January and June , Symantec Corp. , a leading computer security company , detected more than 5 million bot-infested personal computers carrying out at least one attack a day , according to the company 's September report . That was a 17 percent decrease form the previous reporting period , according to Symantec , which said hackers appeared to be abandoning the technique because of strengthened security and law enforcement initiatives . China had the most infected computers at 29 percent , followed by the United States at 13 percent , Symantec reported . However , 43 percent of the servers used by hackers to operate the hijacked computers were located in the United States , Symantec said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Internet addresses and information furnished by the FBI led to the teen FBI believes New Zealand teen was the ringleader of the "  A-team " Botnet attacks cause $ 20 million in losses and theft , the FBI estimates Symantec detected more than 5 million bot-infested personal computers this year
CNN  -- A young woman whisked away by Syrian security forces to coax the surrender of her activist brother turned up beheaded and dismembered , activists and human rights groups say , yet another high-profile display of cruelty in the conflict-wracked nation . Nineteen-year-old Zainab Alhusni stepped away from her Homs residence last month to buy groceries . Her family never saw her again until security forces returned her mutilated corpse , two opposition activist groups operating inside Syria and Amnesty International told CNN . As reports of the torture sparked outrage across Homs and the rest of the world , amateur video surfaced of dozens of woman protesting the death . "  They killed the rose Zainab , " their placards said . "  If it is confirmed that Zainab was in custody when she died , this would be one of the most disturbing cases of a death in detention we have seen so far , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . The case also drew the antipathy of the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , which characterized the incident as "  appalling " and as one example of the "  targeting and attacking of families and sympathizers of the protesters by security forces . " The ferocious Syrian government crackdown against dissenters began in mid-March when anti-government protests unfolded . The number of people killed over the past six months has reached at least 2,700 , according to the U.N. human rights office . Some activist groups put the toll at around 3,000 . Zainab 's brother Mohammed Alhusni -- a prominent opposition activist praised by colleagues for leading anti-government protests and treating the wounded -- had been evading authorities for weeks when his sister disappeared , said the Homs Quarters Union , an activist group . "  The secret police kidnapped Zainab so they could threaten her brother and pressure him to turn himself in to the authorities . The government often uses this tactic to get to activists , " a union media coordinator told CNN . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an activist group , said security forces called Zainab 's family to trade her "  freedom for her pro-democracy activist brother 's surrender , " LCC said . Mohammed Alhusni was eventually slain on September 10 , when security forces fired on demonstrators in Homs . When the family retrieved Mohammed 's body from a Homs military hospital , medical officials told relatives about another unclaimed body with the label "  Zainab Alhusni " that had been kept in a hospital freezer for some time . Days later , Zainab 's family received the woman 's headless and limbless corpse , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , Amnesty International and the Homs Quarters Union said . The Homs Quarters Union provided a video to CNN showing the pale trunk of a female body beside a detached head with long black hair among dismembered limbs . Authorities forced Zainab 's mother to sign a document saying both Zainab and Mohammad had been kidnapped and killed by an armed gang , Amnesty International said in an online statement . Syrian authorities could not be reached for comment on the Alhusni case . The Syrian government has maintained that armed gangs with foreign agendas , not the regime , are responsible for the violence that has plagued the Arab country for months . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , the claims , or the death toll because the government has repeatedly denied requests for journalists to report inside Syria .	"  They killed the rose Zainab , " protesters ' placards say Zainab Alhusni 's death is called "  appalling " by the United Nations The woman was seized to get at her brother , many say
Steven Sotloff , the American journalist beheaded by ISIS militants , got the last word during a memorial service in his honor Friday . Passages from two letters written by Sotloff during his captivity and smuggled out of Syria were read aloud before hundreds of relatives , friends , colleagues and officials who packed the public service at Temple Beth Am in Pinecrest , Florida , outside Miami . "  Everyone has two lives . A second one begins when you realize you only have one , " one letter said in part . "  Hug each other every day . Please know I am OK . Live your lives to the fullest and pray to be happy . " The 31-year-old freelance journalist disappeared during a reporting trip to Syria in August 2013 and was later determined to have been abducted . On Tuesday , ISIS posted a video online showing one of its members beheading Sotloff . The grisly killing provoked international outrage at the Islamic terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . The group seeks to establish an Islamic state , a caliphate , in parts of Syria and Iraq . It is not clear how Sotloff 's letters , read by his relatives , made it into his family 's hands . During the service , Sotloff 's father , Art , choked up with emotion as he spoke of his son . "  I will try to speak from my heart but my heart is broken , " the father said . "  I lost my son and my best friend . "  He is done suffering . " Sotloff 's mother , Shirley , said she was proud her son got to live his dream . "  I may not have him physically , but I will always have him in my heart , " she said . Among more than 900 attendees were Florida Gov. Rick Scott , U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio and former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist . Sotloff 's family accuses ISIS leader of violating Islam with execution Sotloff grew up in South Florida with his mother , father and younger sister . He attended high school at a New England boarding school , Kimball Union Academy in New Hampshire . In the program for Friday 's service , Sotloff 's sister shared lyrics from Pink Floyd 's "  Wish You Were Here , " which the family said stirred their memories of Sotloff . At one point in the service , the song played , and mourners wept and sang softly to the music , using the lyric sheet . His sister , Lauren , expressed her loss . "  Dear Steven , I love you very much . ... You were my best friend , " she said . "  You introduced me to the ` X-Files ' and ` Freaks and Geeks . ' " Rubio said the slain war correspondent "  chose not to just be a journalist but one to report where horrible things happen . " "  It was to bring to us stories about the people who were suffering unbelievable acts , " Rubio said . "  Evil is still here . It has a different name but it 's still here , and he unmasked it . " Friends of Steven Sotloff speak admiringly of his talent , passion	"  Live your lives to the fullest and pray to be happy , " Steven Sotloff wrote A letter written by Sotloff in captivity is read aloud during the service Steven Sotloff 's mother says she 's proud he got to live his dream "  I lost my son and my best friend , " his father tells mourners
Washington  CNN  -- There was good news and bad news Thursday at a congressional hearing on the embattled Veterans Affairs health care system . Politicians , health care experts and a VA official agreed solutions exist , but more than three hours of questioning by the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee showed that responses so far by Congress and the administration fall short of what 's needed . "  It 's going to take wholesale , systematic reform of the entire department , " said Republican Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , the committee chairman . "  It 's very clear the status quo is not acceptable and it 's time for real change . " Dr. Robert Jesse , a top official in the VA health administration , also acknowledged the need for major changes after revelations first reported by CNN of sometimes deadly waits for medical care faced by veterans . "  We own this " "  We know that we have let veterans down , but we 're going to make it right , " Jesse told the panel , adding that "  you all deserve better from us . " Declaring that "  we own this " and "  we 're going to fix it , " he later said : "  Today we really need to be looking at the entire structure of the organization to move forward . We really need to examine everything . " An internal VA audit released Monday found that tens of thousands of newly returning veterans wait at least 90 days for medical care , while even more who signed up in the VA system over the past 10 years never got an immediate appointment they requested . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care , and CNN 's reporting uncovered the deaths of dozens of others who were waiting for VA care in Phoenix . Despite efforts in recent years to address longstanding problems at the department , including reductions in backlogs for benefits and the number of homeless veterans , the long waits have continued for newly enrolled veterans to get initial appointments for care . Reasons for the chronic problems include the increasing number of veterans returning from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a bonus system that rewarded managers for meeting goals regarding access to treatment . The VA audit confirmed CNN reports of secret wait lists used to cover up wait times that exceeded department guidelines . The controversy led to the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , while some VA officials have been put on administrative leave pending investigations by the VA inspector general 's office and Congress . FBI getting involved On Wednesday , the FBI said it opened a criminal investigation of the VA in conjunction with the inspector general 's probe , which has expanded to 69 facilities . "  At the department 's direction , the FBI has instructed agents in its Phoenix office to conduct an investigation into the allegations related to the VA , " a Justice Department spokesman said . "  Federal prosecutors will be working with these investigators to determine whether there is a basis for criminal charges . " Meanwhile , both the House and Senate have passed legislation to permit veterans experiencing long wait times for medical appointments to seek care at non-VA facilities at the government 's expense . They now will negotiate a compromise between differences in the two measures . Interim Veterans Affairs Secretary Sloan Gibson , who took over when Shinseki stepped down , also has announced a series of steps in response to the problems . They include a hiring freeze at central headquarters and 21 regional facilities , suspension of all performance awards for senior managers in fiscal year 2014 , eliminating an unattainable goal of getting newly enrolled veterans an appointment within 14 days , and ordering an independent outside audit of VA medical care scheduling practices across the system . The VA also has contacted 50,000 veterans waiting for care and will continue reaching out to others , Gibson said after the release of the VA internal audit . Health care audits told the House committee on Thursday that such steps , while welcome , failed to address the underlying need for systemic reforms at the VA to instill a culture of serving the veterans , rather than the bureaucracy . Outside cultural assessment "  There is a pervasive VA culture that puts personal gain in the system ahead of veterans . That 's wrong , " said Tim McClain , president of Humana Government Business . Saying more than "  band-aids " were needed , McClain added that "  any long-term solution must include a culture and organizational assessment from the outside . " Betsy McCaughey , a conservative health care activist known for her opposition to President Barack Obama 's health care reforms , complained the Senate legislation included provisions that would undermine the intended goal of letting veterans access civilian medical facilities . McCaughey , the former lieutenant governor of New York , pointed out that veterans would need to prove they had experienced unacceptable waits for VA care , and that any private doctor treating them would have to first call the VA for authorization . Noting the bureaucratic dysfunction at the department , she said : "  Good luck getting anybody to answer that call . " Jesse , the VA 's acting under secretary for health , insisted the VA had the capacity to handle the system proposed in the Senate legislation , though he acknowledged that problems occurred at some facilities . The VA legislation was moving quickly through Congress , showing the political sensitivity of the issue in an election year defined by partisan divide . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi signaled Thursday that a final compromise must leave intact the government role of providing health care for veterans instead of privatizing it , as sought by GOP conservatives . Vets could get care outside VA under bill passed by House Do bonuses promote cheating ? CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	House panel looks at organizational causes of VA problems Top VA official : "  You deserve better from us " Experts : VA needs to focus on veterans , not bureaucracy House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi : Compromise on VA bill ca n't privatize veterans ' care
CNN  Lassana Bathily risked his own life to help save others , a Muslim who protected Jews in the face of an armed terrorist . Now the French government is helping out Bathily -- by making him a citizen . The Malian native 's citizenship application , which he filed in July , will be expedited , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve announced Thursday . Cazeneuve will conduct Bathily 's citizenship ceremony himself Tuesday . This event will add to what has been an emotional few weeks for Bathily , starting with his heroic actions Friday , after a gunman burst in while he was working at the kosher Hyper Cacher grocery store near Paris ' Porte de Vincennes . The man took several people hostage but not the 15 whom Bathily led downstairs into a walk-in freezer . Bathily , who describes himself as a "  practicing Muslim , " told CNN affiliate BFMTV he switched off the freezer , turned off the lights and told everyone to stay calm . "  I 'm the one  who  is going to go out , " the 24-year-old reportedly told the customers . "  I took the elevator and went upstairs . " Bathily told BFMTV that he went up after the hostage-taker -- whom authorities have identified as Amedy Coulibaly -- "  asked us to all come upstairs . " If they did n't ? "  Otherwise , he would kill everyone who was downstairs , " the young man said . So Bathily did go upstairs , taking a freight elevator . But he did n't go toward Coulibaly . Instead , he ran outside . Police apprehended Bathily there , and he told them the location of the freezer and gave details about those inside . "  When  the hostages  came out , they congratulated me , " Bathily told BFMTV . That 's because his actions might have saved their lives . Four people , plus the gunman , ended up being killed by the time the hostage situation ended . French media quickly ran with the story of Bathily , with L'Express newspaper proclaiming "  Lassana Bathily , Malian Muslim , hero of the hostage situation in Vincennes . " People around the world also cheered Bathily , with about 300,000 signing a Change.org petition asking that he be given the Legion d'Honneur , a highly prestigious award given to those who done exceptional things for France . "  Even in darkness and desolation , there 's always a ray of light somewhere , " wrote the petition 's creator , Thiaba Bruni . "  Such is the case with Lassana Bathily . " Such positive recognition was also all over Facebook , where a man who claimed to be Bathily 's cousin , Abdoul Bathily , posted , "  Lass Bathily , you showed courage yesterday . The rest of the world would not have done it . " Another person wrote , "  I have no words to express my pride in you . You put your life in danger to save others . God saw all of it , and his mercy will be without fault . You are blessed in the eyes of humanity . " Gunman tried to justify market raid to hostages , recording apparently shows CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	Lassana Bathily will become a French citizen next week , government says The Muslim hid customers of a Paris kosher market in a walk-in freezer His actions spurred adoring headlines in France , petitions to have him honored
Ukrainian sovereignty wo n't be the only casualty of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's efforts to assert Russian influence and interest in Crimea . It 's still far too early to calibrate how this crisis will play out and what its consequences will be -- but it 's a fair bet that whether it ends in a Putin victory , defeat , or draw , it 's going to make a difficult situation in the Middle East even more complicated . Whether Putin wins or loses in Ukraine , the odds that Russia could be a reliable partner for the U.S. have decreased dramatically . And this only reinforces the painfully obvious : When it comes to the core issues facing the U.S. in the Middle East , the U.S. must focus on outcomes , not solutions , and be very sober about what it might do to contribute to them . Russia 's friends As go Putin 's fortunes , so go those of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . However the crisis turns out , with one possible exception , the Syrian regime is likely to benefit . And that exception is the highly unlikely contingency that Putin is so weakened from a botched policy in Ukraine or an uncharacteristically bold response from the United States and the West that he is permanently damaged and diminished , or removed from power . Not likely . The possibility that events in Ukraine will leave Putin victorious will only buck up al-Assad further and demonstrate that Russian street cred is rising . After all , in September , Putin masterfully intervened and used diplomacy to stay a U.S. military response against al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons against civilians . Now Putin appears to be standing up to the international community and ready to use force to protect Russia 's interests in Ukraine . He 's clearly not prepared to do that for Syria . But victories for Russia , particularly in the face of the West 's empty rhetoric and red lines , can only reinforce al-Assad 's conviction that he 's betting on the right ally . Ukraine mobilizes troops amid crisis with Russia A Putin win -- maintaining significant Russian influence in Ukraine that clearly undermines Ukraine 's sovereignty -- will leave Russia stronger and more dependable as a partner and ally in the eyes of al-Assad and , probably , Iran . Although Iran is not nearly as dependent on Moscow as al-Assad is , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei looks at the crisis and sees Russian resolve in the face of a feeble West . The hardliners in Tehran will draw their own conclusions about their margin for maneuver in maintaining nuclear weapons aspirations . Russia has never been as allergic as America to the possibility that Iran will become a nuclear threshold weapons state . Iran will cut its own deal with America on the nuclear issue if it gets the right terms , regardless of what Putin thinks . But given the long odds against a comprehensive accord , should diplomacy fail , Tehran will likely be able to count on Russia to block punitive action in the U.N. Security Council and discourage the use of U.S. military force . A Putin defeat in Ukraine wo n't help matters in the Middle East much either , unless the crisis somehow delivers a knockout blow to Putin . A chastened Putin would probably be even more ornery and recalcitrant about cooperating with the international community on Middle Eastern issues . But either way , the Russians are determined to frustrate U.S. solutions to Middle Eastern problems that seem like a Pax Americana and exclude Moscow . The reaction to the West 's efforts -- to meddle in what Putin believes is Russia 's sphere of influence and to oppose Moscow -- will create a mini-Cold War that could , for the remainder of the Obama administration and probably beyond , freeze productive U.S.-Russian cooperation across the board . Small powers are watching Beyond this , should Russia manage to have its way in Ukraine , smaller powers will take notice , particularly those nations whose interests can be at odds with the West and the U.S. Russia is not a small power . But it is standing up to America and the West . And for the true smaller powers , how "  big " reacts when faced with a challenge from "  small " can be instructive . And the Syrians , Iranians and North Koreans will pay attention to the West 's resolve . It ca n't be a good thing if Russia acts in Ukraine without cost and consequence . Israel is n't a friend of Russia nor an adversary of the U.S. . But the Israelis have already seen what U.S. words mean when it comes to their own determination to continue settlement policy , and to U.S. threats to use military force in Syria , or even against Iran . And they have concluded that words mean very little . The Saudis have reached many of the same conclusions about the Obama administration 's willingness to say what it means -- and more important , act upon what it says . America 's image Over the years , America has gotten into trouble when the issue of protecting its credibility is the be-all and end-all , in defiance of common sense and wise policy . Credibility comes from believability -- when a president speaks of policy , he will make good on his words , if need be . If there is is no cost or consequence for saying no to the U.S. , then Washington will have zero street cred . At the same time , if the U.S. tries to maintain credibility by doing dumb or stupid things , or by overreaching , it undermines what it 's attempting to protect . The Obama administration 's street cred is very low . Everyone says no to the U.S. , seemingly without consequence : al-Assad ; Putin ; Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai ; North Korean leader Kim Jong-un ; Iraq 's President Nuri al-Maliki . It seems the U.S. even gets "  yes , buts " from friends and allies like Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Partly this comes from the U.S. setting expectations too high ; misreading the way the world actually is ; underestimating how determined smaller powers can be ; and it comes from the reality that America does n't control the world now and never did . We have a very risk-averse president who 's focused more on domestic affairs than foreign policy . And he is a leader more committed to improving the middle class as his legacy than he is to the Middle East and its insoluble troubles . That president is facing a crisis in Ukraine , where geography , history , and proximity favor Putin and leave Washington with a weaker hand . Perhaps some face-saving win-win can be devised . But if not -- and perhaps unfairly , because Obama 's options are bad ones -- America will again be judged a weak and feckless power . As for the Middle East , regardless of how Ukraine goes , the President 's fortunes will remain more or less the same : The U.S. will remain shackled with a Putin who is no friend and stuck in a region it can neither repair nor leave .	Aaron David Miller : Putin 's intervention in Ukraine affects more than Ukraine 's sovereignty Miller : This crisis and U.S. response will affect how Middle Eastern nations see U.S. He says if Putin looks strong and U.S looks ineffectual , Syria , Iran and others take notice Miller : Obama administration is risk-averse , and faces long odds vs. Putin on Ukraine
Washington  CNN  -- The White House position on extraterrestrials is now clear : aliens have n't contacted Earth , but that does n't mean the U.S. government is n't looking for them . "  The U.S. government has no evidence that any life exists outside our planet , or that an extraterrestrial presence has contacted or engaged any member of the human race , " wrote Phil Larson of the White House Office of Science & Technology Policy in a blog post on the White House website . The response went on to say that even though there is no proof that life exists outside Earth , "  that does n't mean the subject of life outside our planet is n't being discussed or explored , " he said The petitions were submitted through "  We the People , " a White House initiative that promises a White House response to any petition that can garner 5,000 signatures in 30 days . This response by the White House satisfies the demands of two petitions , one of which garnered over 12,000 signatures . That petition called on the White House to "  formally acknowledge an extraterrestrial presence engaging the human race . " "  Hundreds of military and government agency witnesses have come forward with testimony confirming this extraterrestrial presence , " stated the petition . "  Opinion polls now indicate more than 50 % of the American people believe there is an extraterrestrial presence and more than 80 % believe the government is not telling the truth about this phenomenon . The people have a right to know . The people can handle the truth . " According to the White House , however , "  there is no credible information to suggest that any evidence is being hidden from the public 's eye . " But Larson indicated that a host of government agencies are working "  toward the goal of understanding if life can or does exist off Earth , " including the Mars Science Laboratory , SETI , the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence and Kepler , the NASA spacecraft . And even though the White House was clear that there is no credible evidence that aliens have contacted earth , Larson did point out that the odds are in favor of extraterrestrial existence , but not contact . "  Many scientists and mathematicians ... have come to the conclusion that the odds are pretty high that somewhere among the trillions and trillions of stars in the universe there is a planet other than ours that is home to life , " wrote Larson . "  However , that the odds of us making contact with any of them  $ " especially any intelligent ones  $ " are extremely small , given the distances involved . "	The White House says extraterrestrials have not contacted the human race The U.S. government says there 's no evidence of life outside our planet Thousands sign a petition asking for a government response on alien contact Many Americans believe in an extraterrestrial presence
CNN  -- Pizza joints , sushi bars , "  British " pubs , curry houses and Thai restaurants rule in Cyprus 's sprawling resort areas , far outnumbering humble Cypriot places . But you can find true indigenous dining in urban parts such as Limassol , Larnaca or Nicosia if you follow groups of determined-looking Cypriots around lunch or dinnertime . The search is easier if you head for the hills , to smaller villages with fewer visitors . Either way , you 'll find menus that blend flavors inherited from Greece , Venice , Turkey and the Middle East . Spices such as cumin , cinnamon and coriander enrich many dishes . Cypriot cooks also use lots of wild and foraged ingredients , including greens such as kapari  wild capers  , the tiny snails called karaoli and game including rabbit , hare and partridge . 1 . Meze time A meze meal is a great way to sample the best of Cypriot food at one sitting . Meze is n't unique to Cyprus -- the tradition of serving a generous array of small savory dishes is common all over the eastern Mediterranean and the Middle East . But many of the individual meze dishes you 'll find in Cyprus are peculiar to the island . A typical meze table begins with dips such as tahini , pickles , stuffed vine leaves and cold bean salads . Grilled halloumi cheese will likely follow , along with spicy sausages such as loukanika , often simmered in red wine . Then comes more meat -- grilled on the spit , skewered or barbecued over charcoal . Pork gets top billing , but lamb and chicken play supporting roles . A meze that mixes fish and meat is heresy , so if you have a yen for something maritime , you must seek out a taverna that specializes in seafood . Here , the platters will be piled with fried or grilled red mullet , whitebait , shrimp , fried baby squid and octopus or cuttlefish simmered in red wine and spices . Tip : pacing is essential . It 's all too easy to eat your fill from the first round , leaving no room for dishes to follow . A great meze comprises at least 20 dishes -- it should take all evening to polish them off . Top places to spend a meze evening include 7 St George 's Tavern  Yeroskepos , Paphos ; +35726963176 ; reservations essential  in Geroskipou , just a few kilometers from downtown Paphos . In Nicosia , many residents say the lountza and haloumi at Mezostrati  Evagorou 31 ; +35722662727  are the best in town . 2 . Karaoli yahni The tiny wild snails called karaoli emerge in vast numbers with the autumn rains . They 're especially common in the Akamas peninsula , the island 's wild western tip , where they 're gathered by the bucket-load and served simmered in tomato sauce . A good place to try them is at Kouppas Stone Castle  Neo Chorio , Akamas ; +35726322526  in the old fashioned stone village of Neo Chorio , five kilometers south of the fishing harbor at Lakki . 3 . Koupepia Tender young vine leaves are at their best in spring , when they 're used to wrap minced lamb or pork and rice to make this typical snack , served hot or cold . In winter , cabbage leaves are used instead of vine leaves . 4 . Poikilia A glass of Cypriot wine or zivania  grape spirit  should rarely be served alone . It usually comes accompanied by an assortment of savory dishes -- poikilia . Among the best are cold cuts such as tsamarella  sun-cured goat thigh  , hiromeri  pork thigh marinated in wine , then pressed and wood-smoked  or pastourma , Cyprus 's take on salt beef . 5 . Afelia Cypriot food is n't all about small plates -- hearty eaters will be more than satisfied . Pork plays a leading role in traditional cuisine , and afelia can claim to be the country 's signature dish . Lean chunks of pork are marinated in red wine , flavored with cumin , cinnamon and coriander , then simmered in a clay casserole until meltingly tender . 6 . Sheftalia Sheftalia are herb-flavored sausages of minced pork or lamb , which often anchor a meze platter but are also served as a meaty main course . Esteemed for its sausages is Agrino  Lofos village , 12 kilometers north of Limassol ; +35725813777  , the gourmet restaurant at Apokryfo , a boutique hotel in a hill village above Limassol . 7 . Kolokasi A dish unique to Cyprus , kolokasi  taro  has been grown here since Roman times . Chunks of taro root are simmered with chicken or pork in a sauce of caramelized tomatoes , onions and celery , spiked with lemon juice and served with olives and radishes . It 's also often made without meat for the Lenten fast . 8 . Oktapodi krasato You 're never far from the sea in Cyprus and seafood restaurants abound . Many are mediocre , serving farmed and frozen fish to unwary tourists . For something distinctively Cypriot , there are places offering dishes such as oktapodi krasato -- chunks of tenderized octopus spiced with coriander and cumin and simmered in red wine . Zephyros  Piyale Pasa 37 , Larnaca ; +35724657198  , where the seafood comes straight from the little harbor right next door , is a good choice . 9 . Vegetarian dishes The Cypriot menu is meat-heavy , but -- because devout Orthodox Christians eschew meat during Lent -- there are plenty of veggie options , including anthous  courgette flowers stuffed with rice and feta cheese  and louvi me lahana  black eyed beans served cold with wild greens , oil and lemon juice  and dips , such as tahini . Vasiliki  Digeni Akrita 28a , Nicosia ; +35722349803 ; lunch only  has a good array of dips , pulses , salads and other vegetarian dishes . 10 . Ravioles Ravioles are part of the culinary legacy left by the Venetians , who ruled Cyprus from 1489 to 1571 . Similar to Italian ravioli , these pasta parcels are stuffed with haloumi cheese , then simmered in chicken broth . Delicious , and filling , they 're especially good at Erinias restaurant  Archbishop Kyprianos 64A , Nicosia , +35722422860  . 11 . Pasteli And so to sweet things . Anogyra is the place to find sticky toffee called pasteli that 's still made the old way from the juice pressed from the carob bean . It 's known as mavros chrysos  "  black gold "  . The Pasteli Museum  daily , 8 a.m.-5 p.m. ; +35725222357  tells the story of carob growing in Cyprus , and you can sample and buy pasteli and other carob items in the nearby Pasteli Factory  +35725221500  . CNN On the Road series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Cypriot cooking blends flavors from Greece , Venice , Turkey and the Middle East But fast food joints far outnumber indigenous eateries in the resorts You can find the real deal in the hill villages -- a meze meal provides up to 20 little dishes to try
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama in a speech Tuesday addressed the controversy surrounding his former minister , using it as an opportunity to challenge Americans to take a closer look at race relations . Speaking at Philadelphia 's National Constitution Center , the Democratic presidential candidate said he rejected racially charged comments made by the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , but he tried to explain the root of those remarks . Wright recently retired as pastor of Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , where the senator from Illinois worships . Some of Wright 's old sermons came under fire after a news report last week turned some of his most controversial comments into a YouTube phenomenon . In one , the minister said America had brought the September 11 attacks upon itself . In another , he said Sen. Hillary Clinton had an advantage over Obama because she is white . Speaking before a relatively small , diverse crowd , Obama emphasized his upbringing as "  the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas . " CNN 's political team weighs in on Obama 's speech " Unlike many of Obama 's campaign events -- where he generally appears onstage backed by an overflow crowd of supporters -- this time Obama took the stage alone , backed by a row of U.S. flags . "  I will never forget that in no other country on Earth is my story even possible , " he said . "  It 's a story that has n't made me the most conventional candidate . But it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts -- that out of many , we are truly one . " Watch Obama address the racial divide " Obama 's speech was greeted with a handful of responses . Some shouted , "  You 're so right , " and "  That 's the truth . " But his relatively subdued demeanor seemed to be mostly reflected in the crowd as well , with most of the reaction limited to polite applause . The senator mostly has avoided focusing on race during his campaign . His speech comes after spending the weekend on the defensive over his former minister 's statements . His biggest challenge Tuesday was similar to that faced by former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney when he gave a speech during his GOP presidential run to reach voters unfamiliar with his Mormon faith : Obama was looking to explain his church and its worldview to voters aware only of Wright 's headline-grabbing comments . Obama admitted he had sat in church and heard his former minister make controversial remarks . "  Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views ? Absolutely -- just as I 'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors , priests or rabbis with which you strongly disagreed . " The remarks that caused the most recent firestorm "  were not only wrong but divisive , divisive at a time when we need unity , " Obama said . Watch African-Americans react to Obama speech " Obama said that if he knew Wright only through clips played on television and YouTube , he also would see a reason to distance himself from the minister . "  But the truth is that is n't all that I know of the man , " he said . "  As imperfect as he may be , he has been like family to me , " Obama said after describing his experience at Trinity United . Obama insisted he was not trying to justify Wright 's comments , but drew a parallel between the minister 's remarks and those made by Clinton supporters such as Geraldine Ferraro . "  The fact is that the comments that have been made and the issues that have surfaced over the last few weeks reflect the complexities of race in this country that we 've never really worked through -- a part of our union that we have yet to perfect , " he said , describing the resentment felt by many African-Americans of Wright 's generation , who experienced segregation and systemic discrimination . "  That anger is not always productive ; indeed , all too often it distracts attention from solving real problems , " he said . "  But the anger is real ; it is powerful ; and to simply wish it away , to condemn it without understanding its roots , only serves to widen the chasm of misunderstanding that exists between the races . " Clinton and her campaign have publicly steered clear of any criticism of Obama over the issue , saying it 's one for him to address . At an event at Philadelphia City Hall a short time after Obama 's speech , the senator from New York said that she had n't had a chance to see or read his remarks , but that she was "  glad that he gave it . It 's an important topic . " "  Issues of race and gender have been complicated through our history and have been complicated in this campaign , " she said , adding that there had been "  detours and pitfalls " throughout the primary season . Obama wrote most of the speech himself , according to his campaign . Obama was not , as some reports placed him , in attendance the day Wright delivered the well-publicized comments , according to his campaign . But it has been difficult for the senator to distance himself completely from the retired minister of the church where he has worshipped for two decades . The title of Obama 's 2006 book , "  The Audacity of Hope , " came from a sermon delivered by Wright , who officiated the senator 's wedding , baptized both of his children and was a spiritual adviser to his presidential campaign until Friday . Obama 's recent move to distance himself from Wright has been lauded by some of his supporters -- and criticized by others , including black ministers who felt he had abandoned Wright . Tuesday 's speech was a balancing act for the senator , who needed to take into consideration the views of these backers along with those of many white , working-class voters he has struggled to woo . The latter may be decisive in next month 's Pennsylvania primary , and their support would be vital if Obama were to become the Democratic nominee . He made a direct appeal to that demographic Tuesday amid some polls that suggest the controversy may be hurting his effort in Pennsylvania . He told his audience that "  to wish away the resentments of white Americans , to label them as misguided or even racist , without recognizing they are grounded in legitimate concerns -- this too widens the racial divide and blocks the path to understanding . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Mike Roselli and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Sen. Barack Obama : "  This nation is more than the sum of its parts " Obama says his former pastor "  has been like family to me " Obama has been on defensive after controversial remarks from ex-minister Senator tries to take control of campaign narrative after days of tough headlines
CNN  -- Qingdao , famously known as the home of Tsingtao Beer and fine beaches , has found another way to attract tourists -- plants . The coastal city on China 's eastern Shandong Province is hosting the 2014 International Horticultural Expo . The Expo , which opened on April 25 , is expected to attract 12 million visitors before it closes on October 25 . With the theme "  From the Earth , For the Earth , " it features gardens and pavilions specially constructed on one end of the Laoshan Mountain , one of the most sacred Taoist destinations in China . "  This event is an opportunity to promote the image of our city , exchange experiences on horticultural techniques and products across the globe and raise public awareness on ecological and environmental protection , " said Expo organizer Zhu Yuetao . Once a mining region , the Expo area has been transformed into a 241-hectare Disneyland-style complex featuring exhibits , water parks , rides and live performances . "  People from all over the world will come to Qingdao , and when they see what I have seen , they will be delighted , " said Tim Briercliffe , secretary general of the International Association of Horticultural Producers . "  Millions of people will be inspired and the benefits will be enjoyed today and by future generations . " Rare plants on display Qingdao has invited plant lovers and garden experts from 37 countries and regions , as well as Chinese provinces and cities , which have set up various pavilions . It 's even attracted the participation of the North Koreans , who have brought samples of Kimilsunglia and Kimjongilia orchids , named after late leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il . Another pavilion displays nearly 2,000 rare or new strains of plants , including specimens from tropical and temperate zones . Another special attraction is the Swedish pavilion , which highlights the life of Swedish scientist Carl von Linne , father of modern botany and taxonomy . Visitors can hit up the Ice Bar , which recreates a visit to Sweden 's famed Ice Hotel . "  The whole bar is made of ice and inside you will be given provisional parkas and gloves so you can lift a nonalcoholic drink from a glass also made of ice , " said Lars Freden , Sweden 's ambassador to China . "  The Expo is one of the biggest exhibitions in China now , and I personally love Qingdao . " Freden first visited the city in 1980 . From ` shabby ' mines to ecological wonders Organizers say the Expo is meant to promote innovation in city planning and popularize a healthy , eco-friendly lifestyle . A section of the Expo is dedicated to eco-friendly technologies , such as an energy-saving water recycling system and waste-processing technologies . A botanical garden was designed to operate with a low carbon climate control system to regulate temperature for various plant-growing climates . The Expo is credited with transforming the site , which used to be dotted with mining pits notorious for degrading land and vegetation . "  By turning this shabby mining zone into an ecological city , we hope that both the city and the public will be more aware of how to maintain the balance between people and nature , " said Jiang Zehui , a Beijing-based official who attended the opening ceremony . Organizers say events such as the Expo benefit tourists and local residents alike . "  As you can see , the trash is gone , the road is clean , " said Wu Zhiqiang , an urban planning professor of Shanghai 's Tongji University and the chief Expo designer . Wu was one of the main designers of the Shanghai Expo in 2008 . Visitor info Tickets to the Expo range from 60 yuan  about $ 10  for evening admission to 120 yuan for single-day admission . Tourists can also get group and student passes . Cable cars and electric golf carts are available for a fee . For more info on displays and events visit Qingdaoexpo2014.org .	Chinese coastal city Qingdao hosting 2014 International Horticultural Expo Expo ends October 25 ; 12 million visitors expected The Expo 's 241-hectare Disneyland-style complex features exhibits , rides and live performances
CNN  -- World health agencies plan to launch a massive polio vaccination in three West African nations , following a fast-moving and especially virulent outbreak that has already killed 97 people . Since the first confirmation of polio November 4 in the Republic of Congo , at least 226 people have been diagnosed with acute flaccid paralysis -- a condition commonly associated with polio -- according to the United Nations . Of those , 97 had died as of Tuesday -- "  an unusually high mortality rate , " the World Health Organization and U.N. Children 's Fund said in a joint press release . At least four of the 226 total cases have already been confirmed as polio , a number that is expected to rise . In response , the United Nations said Thursday that a polio immunization campaign targeting 3 million children and adults will start Friday in the port city of Point Noire and the Koilou region inside the Republic of Congo , 16 districts in the Democratic Republic of Congo and parts of neighboring Angola . Most of the cases thus far have involved young adults between ages 15 and 29 , the United Nations and World Health Organization noted . The immunization effort , however , will be all-inclusive . "  Every man , every woman , every child will be immunized irrespective of their past immunization status , " Dr. Luis Sambo , the WHO regional director for Africa , said in a press release . "  This way we can be assured that everybody is reached , including young adults , whose immunity may be low . " UNICEF said that suspicious cases began to emerge in October , with 73 cases being reported in a hospital in Pointe Noire the week of October 18 alone . The World Health Organization said Wednesday the deaths occurred in and around that coastal city . Scientists have linked the resurgence of polio in the Republic of Congo -- which had n't seen a case since at least 2004 , according to WHO -- to a virus circulating in nearby Angola . "  The cases are continuing to rise , " Sona Bari , a spokeswoman for the agency 's polio eradication unit , said Wednesday . In a statement released by UNICEF , the Republic of Congo 's health minister said his nation had a "  good assessment " of what called a "  worrying " situation . "  Partners and resources are being mobilized to implement an appropriate response , " Georges Moyen said . Last month , a wide-scale and synchronized polio immunization drive was launched in 15 countries targeting 72 million people -- mostly infants and toddlers -- around Africa , the World Health Organization said . Some 290,000 people planned to go "  door-to-door to deliver two drops of oral polio vaccine " to all children under 5 in high-risk areas . Health officials undertook a similar effort in 2009 as well as this past spring , after polio cases were confirmed in 24 African nations . That was followed by a sharp drop in diagnoses , including a 98 percent decrease in Nigerian polio cases in 2010 compared to 2009 , the World Health Organization reported . Polio is a highly infectious disease that targets the nervous system , according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most of those afflicted show no symptoms and 4 percent to 8 percent manifest relatively minor ones . Generally , polio sufferers are permanently paralyzed in less than 1 percent of cases . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : The Republic of Congo 's health minister calls the polio outbreak "  worrying " A massive polio immunization campaign is set for three west African nations The death toll is at 97 , an unusually high rate given the 226 cases , officials say The immunization push , starting Friday , follows similar efforts in recent months
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A former transit police officer convicted last year in the shooting death of an unarmed man on an Oakland , California , train platform was freed from prison early Monday morning , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . "  He was released at 12:01 a.m. , " said spokesman Steve Whitmore . Johannes Mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , but California law gave him one day of good conduct credit for each of the 365 days he served behind bars , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said in a court order he signed last week . Mehserle has been behind bars since a Los Angeles jury found him guilty on July 8 , 2010 . Mehserle , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer when the shooting occurred , said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun when he fatally wounded 22-year-old Oscar Grant on New Year 's Day 2009 . Violent protests erupted in Oakland last November when Perry sentenced Mehserle to just two years in prison , which meant he could be released after another seven months . At least 150 people were arrested during the protests , which Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts described at the time as "  tearing up the city . " See damage caused by protesters Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson , had asked the judge to sentence Mehserle to the maximum 14 years in prison . She and four other family members who spoke at the sentencing hearing last year called him "  a murderer . " The jury acquitted him of the more serious charges of second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter . Although his defense attorney argued for probation , Mehserle told Perry before sentencing that he would be willing to go to prison if the sentence made his city and family safer . "  I shot a man , " he said . "  I killed a man . It should not have happened . " A conviction for involuntary manslaughter can carry a sentence of four years , but the judge had the option of adding an "  enhancement " that could have made the sentence 14 years because a firearm was used in commission of a crime . CNN 's Rick Martin , Alan Duke and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Johannes Mehserle walks out of prison early Monday The former BART officer was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Oscar Grant 's death Mehserle served one year of a two-year sentence because of credit for good conduct
CNN  Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind . In an interview with The Daily Beast , the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . Barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : "  My vision is closing in now , " she said . "  I just try and enjoy vision as much as possible . Y' know , living it up . " Related : 9 worst eye care mistakes you 're making Macular degeneration is a breakdown of the part of the retina that allows us to see fine details in the center of vision ; while glaucoma damages the nerve that connects the retina to the brain , and is often caused by fluid build-up and pressure in the eyes .  Barr said in the interview that she helps relieve the pressure by using marijuana , which is known to temporarily lower pressure inside the eye . "  It 's somewhat unusual that Roseanne Bar has both , but not unheard of , " explains ophthalmologist Steven A. Shanbom , MD , of Shanbom Eye Specialists in Berkley , Mich. . Though there are some controllable risk factors , certain people are genetically predisposed to these diseases , so Barr may simply be prone to both . "  Certainly it 's sad . The combination of the two is terrible . Macular degeneration takes away her central vision , and glaucoma is taking away her peripheral vision , " Dr. Shanbom adds .  He is not treating Roseanne Barr , and does not know the specifics of her case . The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 , with some people , especially African Americans , at higher risk in their 40s . That 's why the American Academy of Opthalmology recommends getting a baseline eye exam when you turn the big 4-0 , even if you have perfect vision . In the early stages , you can have either condition , but have no symptoms at all . Things like a family history or high blood pressure , or issues within the eye  like having a thinner cornea , for example  might lead your MD to prescribe drops that can reduce your chances of developing glaucoma by about half . Related : 10 natural ways to lower blood pressure There is no cure for either disease . But like those eyedrops , there are treatments that may delay the progression of early-stage glaucoma  from other drugs to surgery  , and therapies that might halt further vision loss in advanced cases of macular degeneration  including an implantable telescope  . The future looks brighter however : An animal study published this month suggests that an injection of stem cells into the eye might slow or even reverse the effects of early-stage macular degeneration . There are also simple things you can start doing right now to ward off these diseases . Here , five ways to protect your peepers . Slip on your shades -- even when it 's cloudy Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration , as well as cataracts  clouding of the lenses  . Make sure your sunglasses offer 99 % to 100 % UV protection . Sporting a pair that does n't filter UV light is more dangerous than wearing no shades at all , because the dark lenses cause your pupils to dilate and allow in more harmful rays . Schedule in a regular walk Studies indicate that aerobic exercise can reduce the eye pressure that leads to glaucoma , and may improve blood flow to the retina and optic nerve . According to the Glaucoma Research Foundation , all you need to do is raise your pulse 20 % to 25 %  which could mean a brisk walk  for 20 minutes , a minimum of four times a week . Related : 9 tweaks that make walking workouts more effective Eat your greens Spinach , kale , and other leafy greens are packed with lutein and zeaxanthin -- antioxidants that lower your risk of developing macular degeneration  and cataracts too  , research shows . Another good source : egg yolks . Snack on almonds , citrus , and berries Almonds are loaded with vitamin E  a handful provides about half your daily dose  , which slows macular degeneration ; while citrus fruit and berries are filled with vitamin C , which cuts your odds of developing the disease . Avoid cigarette smoke While smoking is bad news for many parts of your body , you may not have considered eyes to be one of them . However , smoking doubles your risk of macular degeneration . Avoiding cigs can not only protect your lungs and heart , it can protect your peepers too .	Barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma , eye diseases that get progressively worse and can steal vision The risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 Sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration
CNN  -- Florida neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder in the death of unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , a special prosecutor announced Wednesday . Zimmerman , 28 , who had been in hiding , turned himself in , his new lawyer told CNN legal analyst Mark NeJame . The suspect was transported Wednesday evening to the Seminole County Criminal Justice Center , police said . Zimmerman got out of a black SUV and was escorted into the center . He wore a plaid shirt , with a black cloth draped over his head . A hearing in the case is expected Thursday , according to authorities and Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara . Sheriff Donald F. Eslinger said officials would determine whether Zimmerman would be held in the general inmate population . What happens next Charges against Zimmerman were announced in Jacksonville by prosecutor Angela Corey , who has said her job was "  to find out the full truth " about the February 26 incident in Sanford . "  It is the search for justice for Trayvon that has brought us to this moment , " Corey told reporters . "  We did not come to this decision lightly . " What do you think about the decision to charge Zimmerman ? Zimmerman 's claim of self-defense failed to quell an uproar about the decision by Sanford police not to initially charge him and about Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force by anyone who feels a reasonable threat of death or serious injury . The case also sparked a nationwide debate about race and racial profiling . Martin 's parents spoke after Corey 's announcement . "  We simply wanted an arrest ; we wanted nothing more , nothing less , " said Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton . "  We just wanted an arrest , and we got it and I say thank you , thank you Lord , thank you Jesus . " Martin 's father , Tracy , said , "  we will continue to walk by faith , we will continue to hold hands on this journey . White , black , Hispanic , Latino ... . We will march until the right thing is done . " George Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that the family was "  devastated " by the development . "  There were no winners in this already , " Robert Zimmerman Jr. said . "  Our brother could have been dead . Our brother literally had to save a life by taking a life . " Trayvon Martin case has a tough , controversial prosecutor O'Mara said a bond motion hearing may be held Thursday in Seminole County . "  I will be seeking his release , " he said of Zimmerman . Corey said Zimmerman had the right to appear before a magistrate within 24 hours of his arrest . "  I think  Zimmerman  is troubled by the fact the state decided to charge him , " O'Mara attorney told reporters Wednesday evening . "  I think anyone charged with second-degree murder would be scared . " He said his client will enter a plea of not guilty . Like Zimmerman 's relatives , O'Mara asked there be no rush to judgment . "  I am hoping the community will calm down , " he said . "  We have to have faith in the justice system . " In Florida , a conviction for second-degree murder carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . Elements in such a charge include demonstrating the death was caused by a criminal act , and that the act demonstrated a depraved mind without regard for human life . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Corey "  threw the book " at Zimmerman . Robert Zimmerman Jr. said prosecutors in such cases sometimes hope a defendant will take a plea deal . The Rev. Al Sharpton appeared with Martin 's parents after Corey 's announcement . "  They charged him with a serious crime , " Sharpton said of Zimmerman . "  He deserves a fair trial . We do n't want anybody high-fiving tonight . There 's no victory here . There are no winners here . They 've lost their son , " he said of Martin 's parents . Zimmerman was alone Wednesday when he turned himself in to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's office in Jacksonville , said Joyce Dawley of the department . In a letter last month to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father wrote that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Although details of the evening shooting remain murky , what is known is that Martin , an African-American , ventured out from his father 's fiancee 's home in Sanford to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of Skittles and an Arizona Ice Tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , and Zimmerman shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , after which the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursued Martin anyway before saying he lost sight of him . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman told authorities that after he briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchange words , Zimmerman said , he reached for his cell phone , and then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head into the sidewalk . Audio experts earlier this month told CNN that they do n't believe it 's Zimmerman who can be heard yelling "  Help ! " in the background of a different 911 call related to the shooting . They compared those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in the 911 call he made minutes earlier . Authorities have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there were no grounds , at the outset , to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . A police report indicated the volunteer was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , said nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " Gov. Rick Scott , in a statement issued late Wednesday afternoon , said , "  Most Floridians and local civic leaders are law-abiding , responsible citizens who all want justice to prevail . No matter what State Attorney Corey determines following her investigation of the Trayvon Martin tragedy , I trust in the goodness of all Florida citizens to allow our justice system to reach an appropriate conclusion in this case . " O'Mara replaces Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig , the two lawyers who had been giving legal advice to Zimmerman . They told reporters Tuesday that they had lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . Attorney General Eric Holder pledged Wednesday that the Justice Department will "  conduct a thorough and independent review of the evidence . " "  I know that many of you are greatly -- and rightly -- concerned " about Martin 's death , Holder said -- "  a young man whose future has been lost to the ages . " The department 's investigation , launched three weeks ago , remains open , he said , which "  prevents me from talking in detail about this matter . " Holder did note , however , that Justice Department officials had traveled to Sanford to meet with Martin 's family , community members and local authorities . The FBI is assisting , he said . The case has drawn comments from President Barack Obama and led to protest marches in cities and campuses across the country . Ben Jealous , president of the NAACP , said Zimmerman 's arrest "  is an important first step toward bringing justice for Trayvon and his family . " He claimed Martin was profiled because of his race . CNN 's Martin Savidge and Vivian Kuo , and InSession 's Beth Karas , Jessica Thill and Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Zimmerman 's brother said family "  devastated " George Zimmerman arrives at Seminole County facility Trayvon Martin 's mother says family simply wanted an arrest Special prosecutor charges George Zimmerman with second-degree murder
Four days after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded its investigation into June 's accidental anthrax exposure , more details are being released about the government health agency 's mishandling of potentially dangerous pathogens . The CDC concluded its investigation into the anthrax incident last week , saying that no lab workers had been infected with the disease . But the public health agency 's report also detailed other instances in which lab workers had not followed protocol . The U.S. Department of Agriculture has also been investigating the anthrax incident . In a memo prepared for a congressional hearing this week , the USDA says it had to track down missing anthrax containers and found the infectious bacteria "  stored in unlocked refrigerators in an unregistered hallway " where workers were freely passing through . USDA inspectors also found that "  select agent materials " were transferred using Ziploc bags , which do not meet CDC requirements for carrying these materials . The problems date to 2011 , according to the USDA memo . A report from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services "  found weaknesses in inventory records and expressed concerns about the lack of biosafety and security training for workers with access to these labs . " In March 2014 , a USDA inspector again expressed concerns about the CDC 's bioterrorism lab , including incomplete inventory records for select agents , such as botulinum and anthrax . The anthrax incident was discovered June 13 . The CDC report says the potential exposure happened between June 6 and June 13 . A lab that had been preparing the anthrax samples for use in two other labs on the CDC 's Atlanta campus "  may not have adequately inactivated the samples . " That means the other labs were working with samples thought to be harmless ; therefore , workers did n't wear protective equipment they would otherwise have been using when handling such infectious material . Procedures in two of the three labs may have exposed workers to the anthrax , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas have since been decontaminated . The leader of one of the labs was reassigned shortly after the incident was revealed . CDC spokesman Tom Skinner would not confirm the name of the person who was reassigned . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . According to the report , the exposure happened because the lab that was handling the dangerous material initially did n't use an approved sterilization technique . It did n't have a written plan reviewed by senior staff to make sure all safety protocols were followed , and there was a limited knowledge of peer-reviewed literature about the process that would make it less dangerous . The lab also did not have a standard operating procedure that would make sure the transfer of the material would be safe . Bottom line , "  the scientists failed to follow a scientifically derived and reviewed protocol that would have assured the anthrax was deactivated , " CDC Director Tom Frieden said Friday . It "  should have happened , and it did n't . " The lab involved in the anthrax incident will remain closed for such dangerous microbes until Frieden personally approves its reopening under conditions that prevent any such mishap from happening again , Frieden said . The CDC has also stopped moving any biological material out of its two highest-level labs while their procedures are being reevaluated . As a result of these problems , the CDC has created a high-level group of leaders who will work on lab safety issues . It has also started putting together an external advisory group to take a closer look at lab safety . And the CDC is carefully reviewing all the other procedures for labs working with dangerous pathogens , and it has put together a rapid-response command structure to hopefully help the labs avoid future incidents . "  I will say that I 'm just astonished that this could have happened here , " Frieden said . He stands by his labs , which are considered some of the best in the world , and he stands by his scientists . But he added that he is "  upset " and "  angry " and has lost sleep over the incidents , and he is "  working around the clock " to make sure it never happens again . CDC lab leader reassigned during anthrax investigation	USDA investigation into anthrax exposure at CDC finds other lab safety problems CDC investigation concluded no lab workers were infected with anthrax The CDC director is "  upset " and "  angry " that it happened
London , England  CNN  -- The father and brother of a Harry Potter actress will appear in court later this month in Manchester , England , on charges of threatening to kill the young star , prosecutors said Friday . Abdul Azad , 54 , and his son Ashraf , 28 , are accused of attacking actress Afshan Azad earlier this month because of her relationship with a Hindu man , a spokesman for the Crown Prosecution Service said . The family is Muslim . The father and brother appeared at Manchester Magistrate 's Court on Wednesday and were released on conditional bail , said the spokesman , who could not be named in line with policy . Bail conditions include a curfew and ban on traveling to London , the Manchester Evening News reported . Afshan Azad , reported to be 22 , has appeared in four Harry Potter films as Padma Patil , a classmate of the boy wizard and twin sister of Parvati Patil . The alleged attack happened May 21 . The father and brother are charged with threatening to kill the actress , and her brother is also charged with assault , the prosecutors ' spokesman said . Afshan Azad had never acted before she was cast in the movies , and admitted she only went to the auditions with her friends "  for a bit of fun , " the Manchester Evening News reported .	Father , brother of Harry Potter actress to appear in court this month Both charged with threatning to kill Afshan Azad ; brother charged with assault Azad has played Padma Patil in four Harry Potter movies Alleged attack happened May 21
CNN  -- Woody Harrelson defended his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Wednesday night as a case of mistaken identity -- he says he mistook the cameraman for a zombie . Woody Harrelson says he got into a clash with a photographer because he mistook him for a zombie . The TMZ photographer filed a complaint with police claiming the actor damaged his camera and pushed him in the face at La Guardia Airport , according to an airport spokesman . "  We 're looking into this allegation and if it 's warranted , we 'll turn it over to the proper authorities , " said Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman Ron Marsico . The photographer , who was not identified , captured the encounter on a small camera after his larger one was broken . Harrelson , who is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault in 2006 , did not deny his involvement . "  I wrapped a movie called ` Zombieland , ' in which I was constantly under assault by zombies , then flew to New York , still very much in character , " Harrelson said in a statement issued Friday by his publicist . "  With my daughter at the airport I was startled by a paparazzo , who I quite understandably mistook for a zombie , " he said . TMZ.com posted two videos of the incident , including one recorded by the larger camera before it was damaged . The first video shows the photographer following Harrelson and his daughter down an escalator and out of the terminal . It ends with Harrelson apparently reaching for the lens . The second video begins with the photographer accusing Harrelson of breaking his camera . After Harrelson returns the camera to him , a scuffle appears to ensue . "  Woody , this is assault . Woody , this is assault , " the photographer is heard saying . "  Woody , chill out . Would you please chill out ? " The photographer continues to follow Harrelson for another four minutes as the actor and his daughter walk to the airport parking lot . At one point , Harrelson again turns toward the cameraman . "  I 'm being chased by Woody Harrelson while I 'm talking to you , " the photographer says as he talks to an unidentified person on a cell phone . "  He hit me in my face , he broke my friggin ' camera , he broke the camera in pieces , " he said . Harrelson , his daughter and a driver get inside an SUV and the encounter ends . In the movie "  Zombieland , " Harrelson plays "  the most frightened person on Earth " looking for refuge from zombies , according to the Internet Movie Database Filming on the movie wrapped in Atlanta , Georgia , on Wednesday , according to director Ruben Fleischer 's Web site . TMZ photographer Josh Levine filed a lawsuit against Harrelson last year for an alleged attack outside a Hollywood nightclub in 2006 . Video of that incident , which is also posted on TMZ.com , also appeared to show Harrelson grabbing a camera and clashing with the photographer . Los Angeles prosecutors declined to press charges against the actor , but Levine filed a suit last summer asking for $ 2.5 million in damages . "  Woody Harrelson has a history of anger management issues with people and we intend to put a stop to this , " Cyrus Nownejad , Levine 's lawyer , said Friday . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Woody Harrelson defends his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Statement through publicist says he was still in character from zombie movie Harrelson : "  I quite understandably mistook -LSB- the photographer -RSB- for a zombie " Harrelson is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault
CNN  -- The patient slammed his fist on the table in Dr. Otis Brawley 's office . "  Dammit , I 'm American , " Brawley remembers him saying . "  You ca n't tell me I have prostate cancer and that we 're just going to ` watch it . ' " Brawley is the chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society , a world-renowned cancer expert and practicing oncologist . If you 're going to get someone 's opinion on a cancer diagnosis or course of treatment , he 's a good choice . And in this case , he was recommending no treatment . It 's a scenario that may happen more as science reveals cancer 's secrets , the biggest one being that what we now call cancer maybe should n't be called cancer at all . "  The word ` cancer ' often invokes the specter of an inexorably lethal process , " a working group for the National Cancer Institute wrote in a recent recommendation . "  However , cancers are heterogeneous and can follow multiple paths , not all of which progress to metastases and death . " Basically , cancer is scary , but some kinds may be more boogeyman-in-the-closet scary than serial killer scary . To understand fully , you have to look at the history of cancer diagnosis , Brawley says . In the 1850s , a group of German pathologists did some of the first biopsies on people who had clearly died of cancer . They took samples of their tumors and decided what breast cancer looks like , what lung cancer looks like , etc. . Today , Brawley says , there is a patient who has a lesion that 's approximately 5 millimeters in diameter -- smaller than a pea . There 's a doctor taking a biopsy of that lesion and a pathologist who 's analyzing the sample using 21st-century technology . The problem , Brawley says , is that they 're still comparing the samples to the cancer definition that was created more than 150 years ago . "  He 's going , ` This looks just like what those Germans said is breast cancer , ' " Brawley said of the pathologist . "  But it 's 5 millimeters in size . What killed the woman 160 years ago had spread all throughout her body . " We all harbor abnormalities , says H. Gilbert Welch , Dartmouth professor of medicine and author of the book "  Overdiagnosed : Making People Sick in the Pursuit of Health . " And new technology is increasingly able to find these abnormalities . When we do , our inclination is to act , even when the remedy turns out to be far more harmful than the disease would have been , had it run its course . There is a growing consensus , backed by mounting scientific evidence , that Americans tend to be overtested , overdiagnosed and overtreated across a variety of conditions . Some experts estimate that unnecessary interventions account for 10 % to 30 % of U.S. health care spending . Part of the problem is our medical culture , Welch says . The physician may be engaging in what is known as "  defensive medicine , " which entails ordering tests to guard against malpractice suits , should something go awry . There may also be perverse economic incentives at play -- that is , in a fee-for-service system , doctors are compensated for the quantity of tests and procedures they order . But a recent study of physicians with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs found that salaried physicians who received no income from an increased volume of services and who had limited liability concerns ordered as many heart stress tests deemed "  unnecessary " as doctors in more traditional settings . The researchers theorized that the doctors had "  an exaggerated perception of benefit " of the tests . In an editor 's note on the study , Dr. Deborah Grady observed that while the study sample was small , "  neverthless , it suggests that the culture of overdoing is ingrained . " Simply put , physicians are trained to think that the way you take care of people is to "  find stuff and to take care of that stuff , " Welch says . Patients are n't exactly helping the issue , either . Energized by public awareness cancer campaigns , many patients have been empowered to find cancer early through screening and to intervene as soon as possible , Welch observes . "  To raise awareness and to get people to participate in screening , we have to whip up fear ; we must introduce a bit of ` dis-ease ' into the population , " he said . "  In a way , we have to make them feel as if the world may be a more dangerous place and that they ought to be worried about their future . " Brawley 's patient , the one he refused to treat , eventually found another doctor who would treat his prostate cancer . "  Patients will doctor-shop until they get what they want , " Brawley said . It 's an issue many people have difficulty wrapping their heads around : Some patients who are diagnosed with cancer do not need to be treated , because that cancer is never going to bother them . The problem is that we do n't know who those people are . "  There is a lot of work and research in this area in trying to better characterize which tumors will matter , " Welch said . The National Cancer Institute working group made several recommendations for the medical community in addressing cancer overdiagnosis and overtreatment . One was a change in the terminology doctors use to talk about cancer , especially when the cells they 've found may not be dangerous . "  Use of the term ` cancer ' should be reserved for describing lesions with a reasonable likelihood of lethal progression if left untreated , " they wrote . They also noted that the public should be made aware that overdiagnosis is common in cancer screening . Doctors know that approximately 10 % of localized lung cancer tumors and 20 % to 30 % of localized breast cancer tumors that are found through screening would never cause harm , Brawley says . "  That tumor would just stay there : never grow , never spread . " The rate is even higher for prostate cancer at 60 % . But is n't screening used to catch some aggressive cancers in people that we would otherwise see too late to treat ? Some overdiagnosis is acceptable , Brawley says . "  We cure and treat some people who do n't need to be treated . And in return , we save some lives . " But screening has its own dangers . Whenever you test a population , you will have some false positives . For example , if a woman is told that her mammogram is abnormal , that diagnosis might be straightened out days or weeks later , and she might find out that she does not have cancer . The diagnosis will create anxiety and lead to additional unnecessary testing . Good health is more than absence of physical abnormality ; it 's also a state of mind , experts say . "  In my experience , it 's not the diagnosis of cancer which really kills people , " said Ezekiel Emanuel , a former oncologist , vice provost for global initiatives and chairman of the Department of Medical Ethics and Health Policy at the University of Pennsylvania . "  It 's the uncertainty . " The National Cancer Institute group recommended reducing the frequency of some screening examinations , focusing that screening on high-risk groups  e.g. screening smokers for lung cancer  and raising the requirements that would lead to a biopsy or other follow up care . "  We 've been taught that cancer is a terrible thing and the way to deal with it always is to find it early and cut it out , " Brawley said . "  We 're starting to realize that that is not true in all cases . " Childhood cancer survivors have significant chronic disease	National Cancer Institute scientists say the word "  cancer " is sometimes misleading Not everyone who is diagnosed with cancer should be treated , experts say Unnecessary tests and treatment may account for 10 % to 30 % of health care spending
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez scored twice as Argentina beat Mexico 3-1 in Johannesburg , South Africa , to set up a meeting with Germany in the quarterfinals of the World Cup . The Manchester City striker opened the scoring after 25 minutes in controversial fashion when television replays , which were relayed on the giant screens in the stadium , showed he was offside when he received the ball from Lionel Messi and headed into the net . Despite protests from the Mexican players , the goal was allowed to stand . Argentina doubled its lead when Gonzalo Higuain rounded goalkeeper Oscar Perez to score his fourth goal of the tournament . Tevez made certain of the victory with a stunning long-range strike into the top corner early in the second half . Javier Hernandez pulled a goal back for Mexico with a powerful left-footed drive after 70 minutes , but it proved to be little more than a consolation for the Mexicans as Argentina easily claimed the victory . Manager Diego Maradona 's men almost scored a fourth goal when Perez had to dive to his right in stoppage-time to tip Messi 's shot over the bar . Mexico , who has now gone out in the last 16 at five World Cups in a row , may feel the result could have been different without the error from the officials . After seeing the error on the big screens , Mexican players surrounded the referee and his assistant but the officials decided not to revoke the goal . The controversy marked the second major officiating mistake of the day at the World Cup after England midfielder Frank Lampard was denied a goal against Germany , even though his shot struck the bar and bounced some two feet over the line . Germany , who was leading 2-1 at the time of Lampard 's strike , went on to win 4-1 . The Germany-Argentina clash will take place in Cape Town , South Africa , on Saturday , July 3 .	Argentina beats Mexico 3-1 in Johannesburg to reach World Cup quarterfinals Carlos Tevez scores twice for Argentina and Gonzalo Higuain gets one Javier Hernandez nets a consolation goal for the Mexicans Argentina will play Germany in the semifinal in Cape Town on Saturday , July 3
CNN  -- If you 're trying to lose weight , close your eyes for a minute and imagine the moments that make you fat . Think through your day , and you 'll see them , as big and obvious as a hot fudge sundae sitting right in front of you . You 've been good all day , and wham , your friends suggest you go to a buffet for dinner ; or you 've diligently worked out and wham , you end up at a cocktail party with an array of the most killer desserts ever . Do n't rely on your willpower to get you through these tough times , advises James Hill , executive director of the Anschutz Health and Wellness Center at the University of Colorado . "  Willpower is not inexhaustible , " he says . "  You only have a certain amount of it , and it 's gone . " The key is to accept the fact that your willpower will run out at some point , and plan strategies to get you through fattening situations . Here are the top five moments that make you fat , and what you can do to outwit them . On vacation The problem : You 're on vacation and you want to kick back , relax , and enjoy the local cuisine -- but you do n't want to come home with pounds to shed . The solution : "  Go for it , " advises Frances Largeman-Roth , a registered dietitian and senior food and nutrition editor at Health magazine . But share with others . If you 're in Paris , for example , do n't skip a visit to the bakery -- that would be tres triste -- but share the goodies with friends . After a break-up The problem : You want to bury your sorrows in a pint of ice cream . The solution : "  Instead of meeting your friend for a drink to dish about your ex , meet up for a power walk or run , " Largeman-Roth advises . Also , sign up for a team that is training for a 5K or some other race to distract your self and meet new people . A party with fabulous food The problem : You 're at a party and everything looks delicious . It 's free , it 's in front of you , and no one 's stopping you . The solution : Do n't arrive famished , says Dr. Melina Jampolis , CNNHealth 's diet and fitness expert . Eat a small protein snack before the party , such as a few slices of turkey , a half a cup of low-fat cottage cheese , or half a protein bar . Also , limit your alcohol , and not just because it 's caloric , but because if it 's hard to control yourself while you 're sober , imagine how much harder it is while tipsy . Watching TV The problem : You want to plop in front of the television with a high-fat snack . The solution : Use a small bowl , Largeman-Roth says , or snack on frozen grapes or veggies with a yogurt-based dip . At a buffet , or a restaurant with enormous portions The problem : Buffets offer limitless amounts of food , and much of it has tons of calories . Restaurants with big portions of delicious foods make it hard to push the plate away . The solution : Simply do n't go to buffet restaurants , Hill advises . But if you really have to , sit at a table where you can face away from the buffet -- Jampolis says studies show people who face away tend to eat less -- and load up initially on fruits , vegetables , and lean proteins so  at least hopefully  you wo n't have enough room for the bad stuff . At the end of the meal , she suggests having everyone at the table get just one dessert and share , so you get a little taste of lots of things . As for big portion restaurants , the trick is to get the doggy bag at the front end , not the back end . Hill suggests when you order your meal , ask for half of your dinner to be brought to you on a plate , and the other half in a to-go box .	Do n't rely on your willpower to get you through tough times , expert says Post break-up , meet friends for a power walk or join a 5K team to meet people Sharing treats on vacation or at a restaurant limits calories
Cairo  CNN  -- When Azza Hilal Suleiman saw Egyptian military pummel the veiled woman , she stepped in to help and got kicked and clubbed by security forces , a beating that was captured in a video that went viral around the world and also showed live gunfire and the violent removal of a Muslim woman 's clothing . "  A veiled woman was injured and the army stripped her , " she told CNN in an exclusive interview from her hospital bed in Cairo , suffering from painful skull fractures and facial cuts . She could n't stand to see the repeated blows to the woman , who was dragged , kicked , partially stripped and then stomped . "  So I ran and tried to cover her body and pull her out , " Suleiman said . "  We tried to cover her and pull her away but they beat us . I did n't feel anything after this . " Suleiman was seen in a red coat in the same video that showed the veiled woman 's beating . Security forces rushed toward Suleiman and pushed her to the ground as she ran to the veiled woman 's side . "  I was just trying to help her up after they exposed her body , " she said . Suleiman is one of three people in the video interviewed by CNN , with one of them saying he was shot . A CNN crew also witnessed the security force beatings and shootings and saw other women stripped of some of their clothing . The beatings took place last Saturday in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , amid a five-day stretch of assaults by police and defiant protests by demonstrators demanding that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government . A Health Ministry spokesman said 16 people died , including 14 by gunshots , according to Dr. Hisham Sheeha . The military has denied the use of live ammunition . Photos of the unidentified veiled woman were plastered on the front pages of global and local newspapers and appeared on Facebook . Twitter hashtags #TahrirWoman and #Bluebra emerged . The images stirred worldwide outrage because of the beating and because she was partially stripped in a Muslim society where women cover themselves for modesty . The woman has not been identified . An activist and student , she chooses not to talk to reporters at present , two people who know her told CNN . She had been dressed in a traditional robe and headscarf , but as police clubbed her and dragged her down the street , those articles of clothing were pulled away , exposing her midriff and blue bra . The video showed one of the police officers aiming a foot at her upper abdomen and stamping squarely on it . The beatings and the use of live ammunition against protesters , particularly women , have outraged Egyptians . More than a thousand people gathered in Tahrir Square for a "  Million Woman " march Tuesday . Women and men holding placards showing pictures of the veiled woman 's beating marched through the surrounding streets to denounce the escalating violence by security forces . The ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has since expressed "  great regret " over the mistreatment of women protesters , but it has not apologized for the assaults , a fact that enrages demonstrators . But SCAF reiterated "  its respect and appreciation for Egyptian women and their right in protesting and their active positive participation in the political life . " Age 48 , divorced and unemployed , Suleiman is the daughter of a deceased army general . She wanted to speak to CNN despite her agony . In an earlier visit to the hospital , she indicated how much she was suffering , saying , "  My head is going to explode . " Others came to Suleiman 's aid , such as businessman Ehab Hanna , who was also beaten up and shot after he tried to help the woman with the veil . "  Azza covered her naked body . Then we tried to pull her up to take her to the field clinic . But I was shocked with a sting in my leg , thought it was a rock . I tried to walk but fell to the ground , so they started beating me and Azza relentlessly , " he told CNN . Hanna said security forces left him alone when they thought he was dead . But when he moved , he was beaten . He said he and other injured people were on the ground for about 30 minutes because ambulances were n't allowed into the area . "  I only found out I was shot in the leg when I arrived to the hospital . They told me the bullet penetrated my knee and ended up in my calf . I saw the Army officer firing his gun , but I thought it was blanks . I did not imagine they would fire live ammo at their people . " Journalist Hassan Shaheen Mahmoud also is in the video . He told CNN that he is filing a complaint against military leaders because they "  dragged , stripped and beat " women and journalists . He too said he tried to come to the aid of the veiled woman , who suffered serious cuts and bruises . "  I started to run , but she froze and fell to the ground when another protester bumped into her , " Mahmoud said . "  I tried to help her get up , but the soldiers were brutal even when I told them I was a journalist . They even continued to beat her after her body was exposed . " "  I will not remain quiet , " Mahmoud vowed . One military official showed no sense of remorse . "  What was a woman like her doing in a conflict zone ? " asked the military spokesman , Maj. Mohamed Askar . "  She must have participated in the attacks on the military and the Cabinet . " Askar questioned why the woman has not come forward to identify herself . "  Our troops do not just attack people for no reason , " he said . "  If she had nothing to hide then she would have presented herself . Where is she ? " The Egyptian military said it is n't aware of Suleiman 's case but will look into it . "  If she comes from a military family then she reserved the right to be transferred to a military hospital even if her father is deceased , " said Col. Islam Jaffar of the military 's morals department . As Wafa Ahmed , Suleiman 's sister-in-law , listened to her wailing in pain , she thought of Suleiman 's father and other family members , who have served Egypt in the military and government . "  I 'm glad her father did n't see this day , " Ahmed said .	A video showed police beating a woman and others trying to help her The violence occurred in Cairo 's Tahrir Square Saturday during a stretch of unrest Twitter hashtags emerged -- #Tahrirwoman and #Bluebra A relative says of Suleiman 's beating , "  I 'm glad her father did n't see this day "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Miami rapper Brisco lost $ 40,000 in jewelry and his luxury SUV when armed robbers stormed the barber shop where he was getting a trim , but the artist says the hold up may help his creativity . Security camera video showed Brisco , whose real name is British Mitchell , sitting in a barber chair when four armed men rush into the Miami , Florida , business , fire a few shots and order everyone , including the rapper , to the floor . "  He went to a barber shop to get his hair cut , " Miami Police Officer Jeffery Giordano told Miami TV station WSVN . "  They took a little bit more off the top than expected . " Brisco 's gold watch , bracelet , chain and pendant were taken from him , along with the keys to his Range Rover . The vehicle was later recovered , Giordano said . "  For a rapper to have his bling stolen , they might as well stolen that man 's heart , " Giordano said . Brisco , known for his songs about ghetto street life , said he was still alive and looking at the bright side . "  I 'll get bigger jewelry and still go hard , " Brisco said . "  It 's great material for my next album . " Music fans also know Brisco by his other nickname , the Opa Locka Goon , a reference to his south Florida hometown . The armed robbery took place July 29 in Miami 's Model City neighborhood .	Security video shows Brisco getting a trim when four armed men rush in Gold watch , bracelet , chain , pendant , Range Rover were stolen "  It 's great material for my next album , " rapper says
CNN  -- A week of Nobel Prize announcements begins Monday in Sweden with the prize for physiology or medicine . Monday 's ceremony at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm will be followed by the announcement of the physics prize on Tuesday , the chemistry prize Wednesday and the economics prize October 13 . The prize for literature will be awarded on a date to be announced later . The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded on Friday . Each prize comes with 8 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.2 million  . Two Americans and a German shared the Nobel Prize in medicine last year . James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman , and German Thomas C. Sudhof were awarded the prize for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 .	The week begins with the prize for physiology or medicine Last year , the prize was awarded to two Americans , one German The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded on Friday
CNN  It 's easy to forget that some of the world 's biggest corporations were not always that big . Many started small , with just one visionary person fueled by one innovative idea -- often working out of a garage , a shed or a backroom basement . Amazon began as an online bookstore run out of founder Jeff Bezos ' garage , before growing into the world 's largest online retailer . And technology-giant Apple started with Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak selling computers out of the same improbable abode . The humble beginnings of Amazon , Apple , and countless other companies in developed but also developing countries show that one visionary person fueled by one great idea can be a game-changer . When fighting climate change , that same spirit of entrepreneurship is vital . Governments have set a goal of limiting average global temperature rise to less than 2 degrees Celsius . Achieving this requires a move towards climate neutrality in the second half of the century . Innovation , entrepreneurship and vision are critically important elements to meeting this goal . The good news is that there are thousands of examples of entrepreneurs around the world who are finding a constantly expanding market for their solutions -- they are part of the United Nations Climate Change secretariat 's Momentum for Change initiative . Meet the Solar Queen of Southeast Asia Take Wandee Khunchornyakong in Thailand . She began her career by connecting rural villages with solar power . Khunchornyakong built a modest manufacturer of photovoltaic solar panels into a multi-million dollar industry , leading to the company 's public offering and her early retirement in 2007 . She spotted an opportunity and seized upon it . Observing regulatory changes in Thailand 's energy market , she visited the local authority to obtain more permits to build solar farms . The clerk she spoke to said : "  Please take more since no one else wants them . " This fed Khunchornyakong 's vision of sunny northeast Thailand as a global leader in large-scale solar energy . She leveraged funding from the International Finance Corporation toward her vision , building Thailand 's largest solar power generation company . Today , the Solar Power Company Group drives growth in the photovoltaic market across Southeast Asia . Recognizing leadership matters . In doing so , we inspire others to take similar entrepreneurial action . Khunchornyakong 's business is just one of 12 innovative climate solutions that the United Nations Climate Change secretariat will showcase at the upcoming round of climate talks beginning this week in Lima , Peru . In numbers Action on climate change has reached a tipping point . This past September , 400,000 people participated in the largest ever global protest calling for action on climate change . A few weeks ago , in an unprecedented series of announcements , 21 countries pledged a total of up to $ 9.6 billion to enable the world to move to a low-emission , climate-resilient future . Earlier , the United States and China likewise announced a historic agreement to reduce their emissions . The European Union committed to ambitious goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40 % by 2030 . Over the next 15 years some $ 90 trillion will be invested in infrastructure globally -- greening this will require big , medium-sized , and small entrepreneurial companies . All great endeavors have humble beginnings . Somewhere in the world , there is an entrepreneur in a garage or a duka designing the next game-changing climate solution that offers yet another catalyst towards a healthier , greener and more secure world . Watch : The $ 50 million business built on hot air Insight : NASA 's chief 's big idea -- Humans on Mars	Christiana Figueres , UN Climate Change leader , gives her vision of the future Celebrates the small ideas which have potential to be green ` game-changers ' Opinion comes ahead of 2014 Climate Change Conference in Lima , Peru Praises Thai woman who built multimillion dollar solar panel business
CNN  -- Storyteller Mark Twain ignited an American love affair with the Mississippi River in the late 1800s with his vivid descriptions in "  The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn " and "  Life on the Mississippi . " Twain described river towns as "  pleasing to the eye and cheering to the spirit " and called the Mississippi Valley "  as reposeful as a dreamland ... nothing to hang a fret or a worry upon . " More than a century later , the romance of the mighty Mississippi , along with a number of other U.S. waterways , continues to attract those seeking an authentic slice of Americana , and a number of cruise lines cater to travelers looking for such a floating escape . Onboard today 's passenger vessels you 're likely to find a library with a book or two by Twain -- along with fine dining , live entertainment , expert lecturers and multiple options for relaxing , or maintaining a fitness regime . Trips gone wrong : Movie moments U.S. river cruising has been growing in popularity for many reasons : These journeys have a European feel with no passport required , they work for multiple generations traveling together , and the logistics make it a breeze compared with getting on a plane or even sailing with the bigger cruise lines . Traditionally filled with a more mature travel crowd , they are n't cheap . But those who take one river cruise tend to take more ; one popular outfit , American Cruise Lines , reports a repeat guest rate of 40 % on average . Here are eight ways to explore the United States via river cruise : Memphis to New Orleans : Lower Mississippi River You 'll still hear the traditional notes of the calliope as you board the historic Queen of the Mississippi , but 21st-century technology also brings this American Cruise Lines paddlewheel riverboat to a new level of comfort and convenience . Eight-day voyages cruise from Memphis , Tennessee ; New Orleans ; St. Louis ; or St. Paul , Minnesota , on the iconic Mississippi River . The cruise between Memphis and New Orleans highlights the music , cuisine and culture of these two vibrant cities but allows plenty of time to soak up the setting that Twain called "  reposeful as a dreamland , " with stops at sprawling Southern plantation homes and Civil War battlefields . Also onboard : a putting green and a workout area . Rates begin at $ 4,195 per person . St. Paul to St. Louis : Upper Mississippi River Every autumn , when the riverbanks are drenched in shades of red and gold , the elegant flagship vessel of the American Queen Steamboat Co. travels the Upper Mississippi River , with stops that include a glimpse of Amish country in La Crosse , Wisconsin , and a tribute to the agricultural accomplishments of John Deer in Davenport , Iowa . Twain 's boyhood home of Hannibal , Missouri , is also on the itinerary . Other themed sailings on the American Queen honor everything from baseball legends to Route 66 , and longer itineraries sail on multiple rivers . Rates begin at $ 2,495 per person for the nine-day journey , $ 4,495 for a 14-day trip on the Ohio and Mississippi . World 's 15 best rivers for travelers Pacific Northwest : Columbia and Snake rivers Set your sights on spring and the inaugural season of the opulent American Empress , the newest addition to the American Queen Steamboat Co. line . Seven-day voyages will travel between Portland , Oregon , and Clarkston , Washington , with stops to visit the natural wonders and historic landmarks of the region such as Mount Hood and the Lewis and Clark Interpretive Center . Native American history , a number of wineries and the opportunity to zip-line above Oregon are additional highlights . With five decks and accommodations for 223 guests , it is one of the larger vessels plying U.S. rivers , and American Queen Steamboat President Ted Sykes cites a "  rebirth of U.S. river cruising " as one reason for the company 's expansion . Rates start at $ 3,795 per person . Alaska : Waterways near Juneau Small ships can mean big adventure in the 49th state . Think grizzlies and glaciers when you drift through straits and fjords on the Island Spirit , a 32-passenger , all-inclusive boat that leaves Alaska 's capital city to explore small towns and coastal cities between wildlife sightings . Onboard naturalists are part of this nine-day journey that can also involve kayaking , hiking and trekking across icy blue glaciers . Inuit culture also is weaved into the itinerary . Book through USA River Cruises ; rates start at $ 3,995 per person . Travel photos we wish we 'd taken New York 's Hudson River Valley If you 're game for some extraordinary leaf-peeping along the river that Henry Hudson explored in 1609 , American Cruise Lines offers an eight-day trip leaving from New York City that whisks passengers into the world of millionaire mansions , art centers , maritime museums and two capital cities -- the state 's second capital , Poughkeepsie , and the current one , Albany . Set your bags in your cabin and get to the deck ; you wo n't want to miss a minute of daylight with the sun lighting up the Hudson River Valley scenery . You 'll pass by the historic Saugerties Lighthouse and have time to tour the U.S. Military Academy at West Point . This itinerary begins and ends in the Big Apple so travelers can start or cap their trip with some big-city fun . Rates begin at $ 3,245 per person . Charleston , South Carolina , to Jacksonville , Florida It 's hard to leave the palmetto palms of Charleston , but with this Blount Small Ship Adventure , you 'll discover the Lowcountry , get a lesson in Southern history and find proof that Southern hospitality is flourishing along the waterways of the antebellum South . The eight-day trip navigates a handful of rivers and intracoastal waterways , with stops that include Beaufort , South Carolina ; Savannah , Georgia ; and St. Augustine , Florida . You 'll fill your digital camera disc with sunsets , Spanish moss-covered live oaks and idyllic scenes from Jekyll and Amelia islands . Rates start at $ 2,399 per person . The Great Lakes region : Toronto to Duluth , Minnesota OK , so you 'll need your passport for this cruise that dips into Canada . The journey takes you through all five of the Great Lakes , from Lake Ontario to Lake Superior . The 138-passenger Yorktown passes through busy locks and canals on this 11-day trip filled with Great Lake lore as well as excursion options to Niagara Falls , Michigan 's pristine Presque Isle and the Victorian-era island of Mackinac . Travelers yearning for still more Americana should head for the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village when the ship docks in Detroit for a day . USA River Cruises handles Yorktown bookings , and every cabin has a water view ; rates for the Great Lakes trip start at $ 5,595 per person . The islands of New England Classic New England is the focus on this tranquil seven-day journey run by Blount Small Ship Adventures . Vessels depart from and return to Warren , Rhode Island , carrying fewer than 100 passengers per trip into the realm of serene beaches , rugged bluffs and unique towns such as Cuttyhunk , Massachusetts , where the tides seem to have washed away any sign of 21st-century stress . Whale watching and birding are priorities as you island hop between Nantucket Island and Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts and Rhode Island 's Block Island , marveling at gorgeous seaside homes and quaint beach cottages decorated in buoys and other nautical relics . Get a taste of New England during shore excursions with lobster lunches , locally crafted beers and freshly made saltwater taffy . Round trip from Warren . Rates start at $ 1,999 per person .	For a European feel with no passport required , consider a river cruise in the U.S. Board a paddlewheel riverboat that travels between Memphis , Tennessee , and New Orleans Or explore the Pacific Northwest aboard the new American Empress
CNN  -- Dennis Hopper , the one-time Hollywood enfant terrible who portrayed such indelible characters as "  Easy Rider 's " biker Billy and "  Blue Velvet 's " huffing villain Frank Booth , died of prostate cancer Saturday morning at his home in Venice , California , his wife said . He was 74 . Hopper , who was diagnosed with prostate cancer last October , was surrounded by his children when he died , his wife , Victoria Hopper , told CNN . Funeral arrangements have not been decided , but Hopper 's wish was to be buried in Taos , New Mexico , "  his heart home , " Victoria Hopper said . The American film icon made his last public appearance on March 26 , 2010 , when his star was dedicated on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame . Over almost six decades as a performer and director , his career spanned a range of Hollywood trends : TV 's live "  Golden Age , " films about disillusioned teenagers , a variety of Westerns , anti-establishment dramas , offbeat indie films , action blockbusters and edgy cable series . He often played villains , occasionally lost souls , almost all with a force and empathy . Share your tributes , memories of Dennis Hopper There was Dennis Hopper before "  Easy Rider , " generally known as a clean-cut , if rebellious , character actor who had built a career of supporting roles in Westerns , youth-oriented films and TV shows . There was Dennis Hopper after "  Easy Rider , " for years one of Hollywood 's wild men , an actor with a penchant for alcohol , drugs and outlandish behavior , and later a go-to performer to play villains and commanding misfits . And then there was "  Easy Rider , " the 1969 film that he directed and co-wrote , and in which he played a dissolute , countercultural biker named Billy . Thanks to the film , Hopper helped blaze a trail for the young , aggressive filmmakers who would take Hollywood by storm in the 1970s . Dennis Lee Hopper was born in Dodge City , Kansas , on May 17 , 1936 . He grew up in San Diego , California , and established an early reputation for stage work . Making his way to Hollywood while still in his teens , he quickly earned roles in TV shows and films , including "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  , in which he met James Dean , who became a friend and lifelong model , Hopper once said . Dean was "  a guerrilla artist who attacked all restrictions on his sensibility . ... I imitated his style in art and in life . It got me in a lot of trouble , " Hopper recalled . Hopper also appeared in "  Giant " with Dean , who died in a car accident in September 1955 . "  He 's the greatest actor that I ever saw . I never saw anyone that could even touch him , " he told CNN 's Larry King in 2005 . "  He moved better than any actor . He 's like an expressionist to me . He not only filled himself with emotion , but he , like -- he did things that were so unbelievably physical . " Hopper maintained a somewhat uneven career through the mid - '60s , appearing in such films as the John Wayne vehicle "  The Sons of Katie Elder "  1965  and the Paul Newman classic "  Cool Hand Luke "  1967  as well as several TV shows -- often Westerns . But it was 1967 's psychedelic "  The Trip , " directed by "  King of the B 's " Roger Corman , that exposed the actor to an anti-establishment audience and two of his "  Easy Rider " colleagues , actor Peter Fonda and "  Trip " writer Jack Nicholson . In early 1968 , Hopper led the group through his own low-budget film , a biker road movie about two disenchanted riders who -- thanks to some drug money -- travel from Los Angeles to New Orleans . "  A man went looking for America and could n't find it anywhere , " went the words of its famous tagline . "  Easy Rider " was finally released in the summer of 1969 , and became a sensation -- after 1967 's "  Bonnie and Clyde " and "  The Graduate , " the breakthrough that set free the Baby Boomer generation on Hollywood .  Ironically , another of Hopper 's 1969 films was "  True Grit , " an old-fashioned Western that earned John Wayne an Oscar . The film , made on the fly by Hopper and co-star Fonda for less than $ 500,000 , became one of the highest-grossing movies of its time and helped make a star of Nicholson , who played an ill-fated , alcoholic lawyer . "  It was just a very special time when the lunatics really got to take over the asylum for a minute , " Hopper told Reuters in 2008 . "  For a brief moment there , there really seemed to be an independent film movement . Then it was over . " iReporter captures Walk of Fame ceremony But even at the height of "  Rider 's " success , Hopper was developing a reputation as a difficult artist , using drugs and drinking heavily . He and Fonda -- best friends in the movie -- were n't that way in real life , he told People in 2002 . "  Peter and I were n't friends . By the time we started the film , Peter tried to have me fired . He considered me out of control , and I was , " Hopper said . "  We made a good film , but it was n't made out of love . " Given carte blanche to direct his next movie , Hopper made "  The Last Movie "  1971  an indulgent failure that made the list of the Medved brothers ' "  50 Worst Films of All Time " in their 1978 book of that name . Hopper descended into drug and alcohol abuse in the '70s . A marriage to Mamas and Papas singer Michelle Phillips famously lasted eight days in 1970 , and he barely sustained his career as an actor , though he gave a notable turn as the crazed photographer in Francis Ford Coppola 's "  Apocalypse Now "  1979  . "  The alcohol was awful . I was a terrible alcoholic , " Hopper told CBS ' Charlie Rose . "  I mean , people used to ask how much drugs I did . I said , ' I only do drugs so I can drink more . ' I was doing the coke so I could drink more . I mean , I do n't know any other reason . I 'd start drinking in the morning . I 'd drink all day long . " After hitting bottom -- he had a breakdown in a Latin American jungle -- Hopper entered rehab in the early '80s , and his career began a renaissance . He was determined to do 1986 's "  Blue Velvet , " about the sordid underbelly of a small town , reportedly telling writer and director David Lynch , "  I 've got to play this part , David , because I AM Frank . " Frank Booth -- fond of profanity , Roy Orbison and inhaling a mysterious gas -- earned Hopper wide acclaim . He received a best supporting actor Oscar nomination for his next film , "  Hoosiers "  1986  , in which he played the drunken father of a high school basketball player . Hopper never strayed far from the A-list after that , giving notable turns in "  Speed "  1994  , " "  Basquiat "  1996  , "  Jesus ' Son "  1999  and the TV show "  Crash . " iReport : Hopper became honorary mayor in 2009 In recent years , Hopper was as well known for his political views -- he self-identified as a Republican in liberal Hollywood -- as his work .  He did play a Democratic presidential candidate in 2008 's "  Swing Vote , " however . Among his recent roles were a villain in the TV series "  24 " and an officer in the short-lived TV show "  E-Ring . " He was starring in the TV version of the Oscar-winning film "  Crash " at his death , playing a conniving record producer . He was named a chevalier of France 's Order of Arts and Letters in 2008 . Hopper was married five times and had four children , ranging in age from 47 to 6 . His personal life continued its ups and downs to the end . In January , while Hopper was suffering from prostate cancer , he filed for divorce from his fifth wife , Victoria . Hopper 's lawyer argued in the divorce case that his estranged wife 's presence was hampering his fight with cancer , but the judge allowed her to continue living in the family 's Venice compound with their daughter . But it 's his films for which he 'll be remembered -- and there was something for everybody , he told People in 2002 . "  I can be in the 24-hour grocery store at midnight , and suddenly someone come up and says , ` Man , you know I loved you in ` Chainsaw Massacre 2 , ' " Hopper said with a laugh . "  Well , ` Chainsaw Massacre 2 ' is not my favorite film to be remembered for . Then there was ` Hoosiers , ' which was a very likable , inspirational sports film . Kids will come up asking for the coach 's autograph . "  Somewhere in my strange career , someone has liked something . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	American film icon Dennis Hopper dies of prostate cancer at California home Funeral arrangements unclear , but he wanted to be buried in Taos , New Mexico , wife says He is best known for his roles in 1969 film "  Easy Rider , " 1986 's "  Hoosiers , " recent TV spots His career as a performer and director spanned six decades
CNN  -- A freelance cameraman covering Egypt 's constitutional referendum for The Associated Press has been released on bail , the news agency said Friday . Hassan Abdullah Hassan was producing video coverage outside a Cairo polling station when police seized him along with his driver , according to an AP report . His driver , Mohammed Salah Mohammed , was freed Thursday . "  We are pleased that Mr. Hassan has been released on bail , and we hope that any remaining legal questions can be resolved quickly , " said John Daniszewski , AP 's senior managing editor for international news . "  Hassan told AP by phone that he was arrested after police saw his footage being broadcast live on Al Jazeera Television 's Egyptian affiliate and wrongly concluded that he was an Al Jazeera employee , " the AP report said . CNN first learned of Hassan 's detention on Twitter after Cairo-based AP journalist Jon Gambrell tweeted the news . Last month , Egyptian authorities detained four Al Jazeera employees . They released cameraman Mohamed Fawzy on December 31 . But Peter Greste , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed from Al Jazeera English remain detained . Authorities accused them of holding illegal meetings with the Muslim Brotherhood , which was declared a terrorist group there last month . Calling the arrests arbitrary , Al Jazeera has said the network "  has been subject to harassment by Egyptian security forces , " including having its equipment confiscated and offices raided , despite the network not being banned from working in Egypt . Nearly 40 correspondents and editors representing 29 international media organizations sent a letter to Egyptian authorities on Monday , demanding the journalists ' immediate release and accusing authorities of detaining them arbitrarily . They also call for the release of other journalists who have been detained in Egypt , some of whom they say have been arbitrarily imprisoned for more than five months . "  The arrest of these journalists has cast a cloud over press and media freedom in Egypt , " the letter reads . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	The AP says Egyptian police released freelance cameraman Hassan Abdullah Hassan on bail Hassan was covering Egypt 's constitutional referendum for the news agency Hassan told AP the authorities "  wrongly concluded that he was an Al Jazeera employee "
CNN  -- A speeding vehicle struck and killed three girls Friday night , including twins , who were trick-or-treating in Southern California , authorities said . The girls , all 13 , were in costume and carrying bags of candy in a residential area in Santa Ana . They had the right of way at a crosswalk near an elementary school when a car hit them Friday night and sped off , according to the Santa Ana Police Department . They were hit about 6:45 p.m. , the Orange County Fire Authority said , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . All the girls were declared dead at the scene , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Authorities have not identified them pending notification of next of kin . Witnesses said the driver was speeding , and police are searching for two male suspects who fled on foot , the affiliate said . The vehicle , a Honda CRV , was found nearby . "  We do have a witness that followed the vehicle for a short period of time and eventually led us to where the vehicle is parked now , " Santa Ana Police Chief Carlos Rojas told KABC . KTLA said investigations indicated the vehicle was going at least 50 mph -- twice the listed speed limit of 25 mph . The girls were thrown more than 100 feet , authorities said . One of deadliest nights of the year Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year because of the high number of drunken drivers and pedestrians on the road , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Two years ago , 48 % of all crash fatalities during Halloween involved a drunken driver , compared with 31 % on an average day in the same year , according to the agency 's most recent data . The deaths in California were just some of the tragic incidents that happened Friday . In Lake Wales , Florida , in central Florida 's Polk County , a 2-year-old boy was killed along U.S. Highway 27 by a bus transporting a work crew home , CNN affiliate WFLA reported . According to a Polk County Sheriff 's Office report , the boy was out with two adults and two children when one of the adults dropped his cell phone . The adult left the children in the median of the highway and told them to stay there while he went back to retrieve his phone . The other adult waited on the highway 's shoulder . The 2-year-old climbed out of his stroller and walked back to the highway , where he was struck by the bus . According to WFLA , the bus driver was unable to see the child and could n't stop the vehicle in time . The highway 's northbound lanes were shut down for four hours . In Greece , New York , near Rochester , two minors were hit by a car , CNN affiliate WHAM reported . One person , a 16-year-old , was seriously injured . The other minor , a 3-year-old , was killed . The car stopped , and police are investigating . Injuries in Illinois , Arizona In Winnetka , Illinois , just north of Chicago , a 3-year-old boy was struck and dragged by a car , CNN affiliate WLS reported . The boy was trick-or-treating when he ran into the street and was hit by the car and allegedly dragged 40 feet before the driver stopped . She is cooperating with authorities , the station reported . The boy is recovering from his injuries and is listed in good condition at a local hospital . Five people were struck in Phoenix while out trick-or-treating as a group , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . The trick-or-treaters -- three adults and two children -- were crossing a local street when a car hit them . One adult suffered minor injuries . The others -- a 23-year-old woman in a wheelchair , a 25-year-old man , a 10-year-old girl and a 2-year-old boy -- all were in critical condition . The driver did stop and authorities are looking into the incident . CNN 's Holly Yan , JR Nichols and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Girls were thrown more than 100 feet The girls were all 13 years old Police : They had the right of way at a crosswalk Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year for pedestrians
CNN  -- A man who allegedly threatened to decapitate Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii appeared in court Friday in San Diego and was ordered to remain in jail for now . Aniruddha Sherbow made two threats to murder the Democratic congresswoman earlier this month , according to newly unsealed court documents . On August 1 the man allegedly left an expletive-laden voicemail on Gabbard 's cell phone , with the message including a threat to her life . An affidavit said that Gabbard had been getting harassing messages from Sherbow since 2011 and identified his voice as the caller . The court document said Sherbow 's mother later listened to the recording and told investigators it sounded like her son . On August 3 Sherbow allegedly sent an e-mail to the FBI and some unnamed media outlets and identified himself by name , according to the affidavit . The subject of the e-mail was "  Cutting Off Tulsi Gabbard 's Head . " The message said in part , "  I , Aniruddha Sherbow , with the Divine as my witness , do hereby solemnly vow to find Tulsi Gabbard , wheresover she may be , and to sever her head from her body . " According to the court affidavit , Sherbow 's father said he received a copy of that e-mail and he identified his son as the sender . The FBI and the U.S. Capitol Police said Thursday that Sherbow 's threats were "  deemed credible . " Sherbow , 43 , was arrested by Mexican law enforcement officers in Tijuana on Wednesday . The former resident of Hawaii was then turned over to the FBI in San Diego . He faces a charge of transmission of threats in interstate commerce . He is scheduled to have another court hearing on September 12 , and officials eventually want him transferred to the District of Columbia for trial . Gabbard 's office would not comment on Sherbow 's arrest and the allegations against him . Press secretary Heather Fluit would only say the congresswoman was "  grateful for the work " of all the law enforcement officers involved in the investigation . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Feds : Threats included an expletive-laden voicemail and an e-mail The subject of the e-mail was "  Cutting Off Tulsi Gabbard 's Head , " federal affidavit says Gabbard represents a district in Hawaii ; the suspect is a former resident of that state
When Hillary Clinton joins candidates across the country , there is a standard formula for those introducing her : Rev up the crowd , tout candidates on the ballot , speak positively about Hillary Clinton . It appears Sen. Elizabeth Warren did n't get the message . When Warren and Clinton both stumped for Martha Coakley , Massachusetts ' Democratic candidate , in Boston on Friday , Warren barely mentioned the former secretary of state . "  Happy to welcome Secretary Clinton back to the commonwealth , " Warren said , firing up the crowd . "  We love it ! " Warren has seen an uptick in speculation that she will run for president lately . While the senator has said she is n't running for president , she has left the door open and has continually dodged question about Clinton . The reason : If Warren were to run , she would likely face Clinton , the former secretary of state is widely seen as the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination . Related : Warren tells CNN Democrats must ` stand up and fight ' Clinton , by comparison , was effusive in her praise of Warren , the pride of many liberals because of her commitment to take on Wall Street and big banks . Clinton labeled Warren "  the passionate champion for working people and middle class families . " "  I love watching Elizabeth , " Clinton added , touting her ability to "  you know , give it those who deserve to get it . " Compare what Warren said about Clinton with how other members of the Senate have introduced Clinton recently . "  Hillary is a hero to me and too so many others , " said Sen. Al Franken at an event with Clinton on Thursday . "  People admire Hillary because she spent her life fighting for economic and social justice . " Franken then made the praise personal : "  And I would add she is funny . By the way , I am not saying that because I want to pay her a nice compliment . I would n't say it if I did n't mean it . ... Hillary is truly , truly funny . " Sen. Mark Udall , who is running for reelection in Colorado , all but endorsed Clinton for president earlier this week while introducing her . "  We hope she is going to come back over the next few years , " he said to a roaring crowd , before touting Clinton 's record of fighting for workers "  all over the world . " Clinton struck a populist tone during her appearance with Warren and Coakley . She spoke about trickle down economics , telling the audience that the concept "  should be confined to the trashbin of history . " "  Do n't let anybody tell you that raising the minimum wage will kill jobs , " Clinton said . "  Do n't let anybody tell you that it 's corporations and businesses that create jobs . " Clinton was in Massachusetts for her first event of a busy day in the Northeast . After endorsing Coakley - who a recent poll finds her behind Republican challenger Charlie Baker - the former first lady travels to Rhode Island and Maine to endorse Democratic gubernatorial candidates .	Hillary Clinton was effusive in her praise of Warren on Friday "  I love watching Elizabeth , " Clinton said , labeling Warren a "  passionate champion for working people " By comparison Warren offered this about Clinton : "  Happy to welcome Secretary Clinton back to the commonwealth " If both women run for president , they would face each other in the Democratic primary
LONDON , England -- Lewis Hamilton has escaped punishment after allegations of erratic driving behind the safety car in the Japanese Grand Prix last weekend . Vettel ran into the back of Webber when they were racing behind Hamilton . The FIA ruled that Hamilton would suffer no penalty after inquiring into the accident when Sebastian Vettel crashed into Mark Webber in Fuji . Vettel 's original 10-place penalty on the Chinese Grand Prix starting grid was replaced with a reprimand . The stewards studied film of the incident , including amateur video footage , before announcing their verdict . They said : "  Having heard the explanation of all concerned and viewed both the original film of the incident which was available to stewards at Fuji as well as the new film , what has become apparent is the view clearly expressed by all drivers and team managers alike that the conditions at Fuji were exceptionally bad and worse than those experienced when the race starts behind the safety car . "  Because of those views , the stewards accept that it may be inappropriate to impose the penalty normally applied for an offence such as this . "  In the circumstances the stewards will reduce the penalty imposed on Vettel to a reprimand . "  The involvement of Lewis Hamilton in this incident has also been considered in the light of evidence given by him , his team manager and in particular all other parties present and no penalty is imposed upon him . " The 22-year-old British rookie , who drives for McLaren-Mercedes , leads the race for the world championship by 12 points , with two rounds left , and there had been speculation that he might lose some of those points if the FIA found him culpable . Hamilton had strengthened his title bid with a superb victory at Fuji in appalling conditions which twice saw the safety car deployed . As the field trailed behind the safety car on the second occasion , Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Vettel drove into the back of Red Bull 's Mark Webber , causing them both to retire . The drivers , who were lying in second and third places behind Hamilton a the time of the accident , both criticized Hamilton for driving erratically and slowing up and down . The incident was missed by television cameras but footage , taken from the grandstand , was shown on the YouTube Web site . It appeared to show Hamilton pulling over to the right-hand side of the track and slowing down markedly , in turn forcing Webber to slow down , which caught Vettel on the hop . Webber said : "  It definitely contributed to Sebastian hitting me up the back because he  Hamilton  was n't doing what he was supposed to be doing , clearly . "  He spoke in the drivers ' meeting about how good a job he was going to do and he did the opposite . Still , we know for next time , " added the Australian . Webber stressed , however , that he had not complained to the stewards about the incident . On Friday he issued a statement saying : " I would just like to make it clear that , although I criticized Hamilton 's driving in yesterday 's FIA Press Conference , at no time have I made any official complaint about anyone 's driving following Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix . " Hamilton , speaking at practice for the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai , had protested his innocence before the verdict was announced . "  I had a good weekend , I did n't put a foot wrong . I did n't do anything to put anyone else in danger , " he said . "  I 've come away to China and all of a sudden I 'm going to be punished for something . "  I just think it 's a real shame for the sport . Formula One 's supposed to be about hard , fair competition . That 's what I 've tried to do this year , just be fair . "  There 's been some real strange situations this year where I 'm made to look the bad person and , by the looks of it , this weekend be given a penalty . "  If this is the way it 's going to keep going , it 's not somewhere I really want to be . " E-mail to a friend	Lewis Hamilton is cleared of erratic driving in the Japanese GP The FIA probed a crash between Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber Hamilton had been ahead behind the safety car
New York  CNN  -- Certain groups of die-hard fans are protective of the characters they hold on a pedestal . "  Star Trek " has its Trekkies and "  Star Wars " has the Jedi religion . Sherlock Holmes has the Sherlockians , scholars of the canon of books and short stories written by author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . Many Sherlockians are members of the invitation-only literary society , The Baker Street Irregulars . Group members have historically been critical of on-screen adaptations of their beloved consulting detective and his faithful sidekick , Dr. John Watson . While they , by nature of their adoration , saw flaws in the Guy Ritchie "  Sherlock Holmes , " which opened in theaters Friday , the consensus among these experts was that the film is a fun -- and even occasionally faithful -- romp through Sherlock lore that the author himself would have enjoyed . "  I liked it a lot more than I thought I would , " said Andrew Peck , a United States magistrate judge . "  What I particularly liked was the Holmes-Watson relationship . The movie really showed Watson as a trusted companion to Holmes , coming to Holmes ' aid in times of need . The Watson of the books is a military man who played rugby and sports in college . He is tough . He is observant on his own and Holmes wants him around , not as a bumbling fool but as a trusted aide . " Watson has historically been portrayed in films as a bumbling sidekick , most famously by British actor Nigel Bruce in a series of films from the 1940s . But director Ritchie 's imagining of Watson is as the quick-footed , sharpshooting contemporary of Holmes , with a rapier-sharp wit that can match the detective in the tongue-lashing department . "  The movie did an excellent job in portraying the relationship between the two . The actors work well together , as did Holmes and Watson . The movie shows Watson as intelligent , able to be a good assistant ; Watson , the doctor , concerned about his friend 's well-being ; and it shows his reasonable frustration with his friend 's often thoughtless ways , " said Julia Carlson Rosenblatt , a Baker Street Irregular since 1981 and co-author of "  Dining With Sherlock Holmes . " Doubleday editor Christopher Morley founded the Irregulars in 1934 . The group has included mystery writers Rex Stout and Anthony Boucher and science fiction writer Isaac Asimov . Honorary members have included presidents Harry S. Truman and Franklin Delano Roosevelt . The plot of the new Sherlock Holmes movie , starring Robert Downey Jr. , as Holmes and Jude Law as Watson , is n't based on an actual Conan Doyle story . The action centers on ritualistic murders and black magic , all leading to a case that has all of London in danger . Peck saw "  Sherlock Holmes " at an early screening of the film on Tuesday in New York with a dozen other Sherlockians . Peck has been a member of the Baker Street Irregulars for 37 years , but has been a lover of the Holmes detective stories since he was in junior high . "  Certain lines of dialogue were lifted the from the books , which we as Sherlockians enjoyed . They got laughs from the 13 folks in the theater who were familiar with the stories , while everyone else was quiet . Other than that , it was all made up except for bringing in certain character names and the supporting characters , " Peck noted . Because they are so familiar with the entire canon of four novels and 56 short stories written by Conan Doyle , Sherlockians naturally nitpicked some minor details . For instance , in this film , Watson introduces his fiancee , Mary Morstan , to Holmes for the first time . "  But we know Watson met Mary Morstan because she came to Holmes for help in ` The Sign of Four . ' Holmes already knew her , " Peck explained . And Holmes ' love interest in the film , Irene Adler , the con woman played by Rachel McAdams , was in only one of Conan Doyle 's stories , "  A Scandal in Bohemia . " "  While she was called an adventuress in the story , she was not a criminal by any means , as she is portrayed in this movie , " Peck said . Conan Doyle himself would have appreciated the newest on-screen display of his hero , says Albert Rosenblatt , a Baker Street Irregular and retired appeals court judge . "  Conan Doyle was not without a sense of humor and might have been amused by this film . He did n't care enough about Holmes to insist on canonical accuracy , " Rosenblatt said . "  When William Gillette , working on a Holmes play , asked Doyle if it was OK for Holmes to marry , Doyle is said to have replied , ` You may marry him , or murder him , or do anything you like to him . ' "  So if this portrayal is a combination of Holmes , James Bond , Indiana Jones and Spider-Man , " he added , "  it just rolls along with the times and with the current film genre dominated by brilliant , spectacular special effects , explosions , violence , and more explosions . "	Sherlockians are serious Holmes fans ; many belong to The Baker Street Irregulars Consensus by experts is that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would have enjoyed new film Sherlockians nitpicked some film details because they 're so familiar with the books "  The actors work well together , as did Holmes and Watson , " one Sherlockian says
CNN  -- If Lewis Hamilton is to win a fifth Hungarian Grand Prix , he 'll need something akin to a miracle . That 's because he 'll start well adrift of the pack after the back of his Mercedes caught fire in qualifying -- the second consecutive Saturday he 's suffered misfortune . It was on his first qualifying lap , too . Hamilton was n't hurt but with his chassis needing replacing , it means a start from pit lane . His teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg had no such issues , recording the fastest time . Last week in qualifying for the German Grand Prix , a brake issue led to a Hamilton crash and meant he began 20th on the grid on race day but he put in a stellar drive to rise to third . Hamilton , who bettered the field in practice Friday and earlier Saturday , was the first to point out that overtaking opportunities are n't as great in Hungary as they were in Germany . "  It 's a shame , especially when you do the practice sessions with not too many problems , " Hamilton said in a television interview aired by Sky . "  I did n't even get a lap this time . Last time I got maybe two laps . "  I ca n't believe it 's happened again . This is not a track you can really overtake on so coming from last to the podium is a lot less likely . " Hamilton 's mishap gives Rosberg the chance to extend his 14-point lead over Hamilton in the individual standings . And although the German said he would have preferred to go head-to-head with Hamilton , he felt Sunday 's race would now be "  easier . " Unsurprisingly , he does n't plan on taking many risks at the Hungaroring . "  It makes it easier of course because he is my competitor , " Rosberg was quoted as saying by Autosport.com . "  It 's a free opportunity tomorrow . "  I need to play it safe and avoid any unnecessary things happening , and get as many points as possible . "  I would prefer to be out there battling with Lewis . That would give me the maximum adrenaline rush . It wo n't be a gloves-off battle with Lewis , but I am still very , very happy . " Rosberg clocked a best time of one minute , 22.715 seconds , bettering reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 0.486 seconds , Williams ' Valtteri Bottas and Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo , who is a distant third in the driver standings .	Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton finishes second last in Hungarian Grand Prix qualifying Hamilton 's car catches fire to end his session early but he walked away unhurt It 's the second straight week the Englishman suffers a car issue in qualifying Teammate and Championship leader Nico Rosberg records the fastest time
CNN  Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of Odin Lloyd . The 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012 . Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW . Another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . The trial was originally slated for May 28 , but Jake Wark , spokesman for the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office , said Wednesday the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set . "  We expect to select a new court date in the coming days and then set the amended trial track . The Suffolk indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the July 16 , 2012 , shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in Boston 's South End ; three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon for shots fired at three surviving victims ; and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm , " he said . The families of de Abreu and Furtado filed civil suits against Hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . The freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment Hernandez claims he is owed by the New England Patriots . Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in Miami in February 2013 . Alexander Bradley claims the then-New England Patriot tight end wounded him after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club . In a lawsuit filed four months later , Bradley said Hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that Hernandez intentionally "  possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . " Hernandez 's lawyers have argued he could n't defend himself properly while on trial in Massachusetts . There was no criminal charge in the case . And then there is the grievance over unpaid bonus money filed by the NFL players union on behalf of Hernandez , who signed a contract in 2012 that potentially was worth more than $ 40 million . If the grievance is heard by the league , Hernandez will be represented by the the National Football League Players ' Association . Who was Odin Lloyd ? CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez has been found guilty in Odin Lloyd 's death , but his troubles are not over He also faces murder charges in Suffolk County , Massachusetts , but trial was postponed In addition , Hernandez will face two civil lawsuits ; one is in relation to Suffolk County case
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Air crash investigators are trying to work out why a Boeing 777 landed short of the runway at London Heathrow airport , skidding on grass and ripping apart sections of the aircraft . I-Reporter Alex Quinonez took this image of a casualty being taken by medics from Heathrow Airport . An investigator who has been briefed on the incident told CNN the plane 's captain "  is claiming there was n't power when he needed it . " Passenger Paul Venter told the UK Press Association : "  The wheels came out and went for touchdown , and the next moment we just dropped . I could n't tell you how far . " London ambulance services said 17 people suffered minor injuries , and the number could increase as several others are still being assessed . Images showed the Boeing 777 -- BA flight 38 from Beijing , China -- grounded on tarmac after touching down several hundred meters short of the airport 's south runway , close to a perimeter road , with its emergency chutes deployed and white fire-fighting foam covering the engines . The undercarriage , left wing and left engine of the aircraft were severely damaged , as if it had skidded across the ground . At least one of the plane 's wheels had been torn off . The most visible damage was to the left wing , which was covered in mangled metal where it meets the fuselage . Tire tracks hundreds of meters long could be seen in the grass behind the plane , which was surrounded by fire engines and other emergency vehicles . Eyewitness Neil Jones said the plane had made a "  very , very unusual approach " to the airport and sounded louder than usual , PA reported . "  You could see the pilot was desperate , trying to get the plane down . The aircraft hit the grass and there was a lot of dirt . The pilot was struggling to keep the plane straight . I think he did a great job . " Read passenger and eyewitness accounts of the crash landing The BBC said an unidentified Heathrow worker told the broadcaster that he had spoken to the pilot . The pilot said , according to the worker , that the plane 's electronics had failed and that he was forced to glide it to the ground . The UK Air Accident Investigation Branch will lead the inquiry into the crash landing . A team from the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board is also heading to London , accompanied by representatives from Boeing and the Federal Aviation Adminsitration . Jerome Ensinck , a passenger aboard the flight , said there had been no indication that the plane was making an emergency landing . "  There was no indication that we were going to have a bad landing , " he said . "  When we hit the ground it was extremely rough , but I 've had rough landings before and I thought ` This is the roughest I 've had . ' "  Then the emergency exits were opened and we were all told we should go through as quickly as possible , and the moment I was away from the plane I started to realize that the undercarriage was away , and we had missed the runway . "  I feel lucky at the moment , but I think now I realize I 've had a close call . If we had hit the runway , it would have been worse . " In a statement , British Airways said all 136 passengers and 16 crew members had been evacuated from the plane with six minor injuries taken to hospital . BA chief executive Willie Walsh praised the actions of the crew . "  We are very proud of the way our crew safely evacuated all 136 passengers on board , " Walsh said in a statement . "  The captain of the aircraft is one of our most experienced and has been flying with us for nearly 20 years , " he added . Walsh also said that an investigation was being conducted by the Air Accidents Investigation Branch and that it would be inappropriate to speculate about likely causes . Airport authorities said Heathrow 's southern runway had been closed , but the northern runway remained open . But the incident immediately led to major delays for passengers . Some incoming flights were being diverted to other airports on a flight-by-flight basis , according to Heathrow 's Web site . A spokesman for London 's Metropolitan Police said there was nothing to suggest the incident was terror-related . The Boeing 777 is the mainstay of many airlines ' long-haul fleets and has never been involved in a fatal accident . However , the aircraft involved in Thursday 's incident appeared to have had a fortunate escape , having approached Heathrow over heavily-populated west London suburbs before its crash landing . CNN 's Richard Quest , who covers the airline industry , said it appeared the damage happened after the plane touched down . The incident occurred at 12:42 p.m.  7:42 a.m. ET  as British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was due to leave Heathrow for a visit to China and India . His flight was delayed but his jet was not directly involved , PA said .  British Airways has set up helpline numbers for friends and relatives concerned for passengers involved in the incident : From within UK : 08003894193 . From outside UK : +441912113690 E-mail to a friend	Beijing to London jet lands short of runway at Heathrow Airport NEW : Investigator says pilot talked of not having power Passenger : We just dropped . I could n't tell you how far 136 passengers evacuated from plane ; 17 minor injuries reported
Washington  CNN  -- A Drug Enforcement Administration agent stationed in Cartagena , Colombia , arranged for a prostitute to have an encounter with a U.S. Secret Service Agent only days before a visit there by President Barack Obama , the Justice Department 's inspector general has found . In a December 20 letter to the top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Homeland Security Committee , the inspector general said the agent admitted his role in hiring the woman , while a second DEA agent said he was intoxicated that night and was unable to "  recall specifically his involvement . " A third DEA special agent was present for a dinner with the Secret Service agent but was not present at a residence where the sexual encounter took place and played no role in facilitating it , the report said . All three DEA agents eventually admitted they had paid for sexual services in Colombia , the inspector general said . The inspector general and a U.S. Attorney determined there was no basis for bringing a criminal charge in the case , but the agents could still face disciplinary action . Scandal : Systematic problem or abberation ? The details of the DEA agents ' actions were spelled out in a summary that Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , on Wednesday forwarded to DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart , expressing concern and demanding to know what was being done . In a letter , first reported Thursday by NBC News , Collins said she found the matter "  troubling . " "  Why have n't the administrative actions been completed given that the ... extremely serious findings ... were relayed to DEA more than three months ago ? " Collins asked . The inspector general had no comment , but the Justice Department report indicated the DEA had been informed of the alleged misconduct in September . Late Thursday , the DEA issued a brief written statement saying , "  This matter is currently under review by the Board of Professional Conduct . " The DEA said it takes these matters "  very seriously . " The Secret Service had no comment . Escort in scandal says her life is ` ruined by this ' As part of the advance detail before Obama 's arrival to attend an April 2012 summit , a dozen Secret Service agents hit the clubs of Cartagena , for a night of drinking that ended with them bringing women back to their hotel rooms . Some of the women received money , and others did not ask for any , but in one case , an agent refused to pay , and the woman summoned a police officer . Nine Secret Service agents implicated in the case resigned or retired . Three were cleared of serious misconduct . Prostitution is legal in Colombia . But the news that some Secret Service agents were drinking heavily and taking prostitutes back to their hotel rooms raised security concerns and tarnished the reputation of the agency charged with protecting the president .	Justice Department inspector general investigated allegations Official found DEA agent facilitated sexual encounter for Secret Service agent Maine senator demands information
Here 's a roundup of five medical studies published this week that might give you new insights into your health , mind and body . Remember , correlation is not causation -- so if a study finds a connection between two things , it does n't mean that one causes the other . More babies are being breast-fedCenters for Disease Control and Prevention Breast-feeding rates in the United States are on the rise , according to the latest Breastfeeding Report Card from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC reported that 79 % of babies born in 2011 were breast-fed . Southeastern states lagged behind the national average , with Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi and West Virginia exhibiting breast-feeding rates below 65 % . California , Montana , Oregon and Washington led the nation with breast-feeding rates above 90 % . The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that breast-feeding continue for at least 12 months , but only about 50 % of infants were still breast-feeding at 6 months . That number dwindled to just above 25 % for infants at 12 months . Extreme weather kills thousands in U.S. each yearCenters for Disease Control and Prevention About 2,000 people in the United States die from extreme weather conditions each year , according to a report released Wednesday by the CDC . The report analyzed death certificates from 2006 to 2010 for deaths attributed to weather-related causes , such as heatstrokes , hypothermia , floods , storms and lightning . Roughly one-third of the weather-related deaths were attributed to excessive natural heat , and nearly two-thirds were attributed to excessive natural cold . The CDC also found that males , African-Americans and the elderly had the highest weather-related mortality rates of any other demographics . Women in the military are less likely to drinkArmed Forces & Society Although male military enlistees and veterans have a history of increased alcohol consumption , it turns out the opposite may be true for women . A study published Thursday in Armed Forces & Society found that women in the military are less likely to drink alcohol than women who have n't served . Researchers used data taken from a 1997 survey of almost 9,000 people and followed up with the young men and women each year until 2010 . The study 's authors suggest the threat of sexual harassment and assault may be a possible explanation for enlisted women not imbibing . They also speculate that women in the military abstain from alcohol to avoid being looked down upon by fellow soldiers . Blood sugar linked to how brains respond to foodSociety for the Study of Ingestive Behavior Does your mouth water at the sight of foods such as pizza and French fries ? Genetics are n't all to blame . Your brain 's response to the sight of food actually has more to do with your blood sugar levels , according to research presented Tuesday at the Society for the Study of Ingestive Behavior 's annual conference . Researchers at the University of Washington examined 21 pairs of identical twins to see whether the brain 's response to the sight of food was linked to genetics . The scientists found twins with lower blood glucose levels saw greater activation in the brain in response to pictures of food . But when it came to rating their appetites and choosing portions for meals , the twins reacted similarly . Autistic brains seen as less flexible at switching tasksCerebral Cortex When switching from one task to another , the brains of autistic children show little change in connectivity , according to a study published Tuesday . Researchers at Stanford University compared functional MRI images of the brains of 34 autistic children to those of 34 typically developing children during different types of activities . In the experiment , the study authors examined the children 's brains at rest , while they looked at pictures and while they were solving math problems . The authors found that it was much easier to distinguish how brain connectivity changed between tasks in children who were not autistic . In the brains of children who were autistic , researchers saw little change .	CDC says that 79 % of U.S. babies born in 2011 were breast-fed Extreme weather kills 2,000 Americans each year , CDC report says When switching tasks , brains of children with autism show less connectivity , study says
CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is a big , serious government agency with a big , serious job : protecting public health from threats ranging from hurricanes to bird flu . So when the good doctors of Atlanta warned people this week about how to prepare for a zombie apocalypse , the world took notice . "  That 's right , I said z-o-m-b-i-e a-p-o-c-a-l-y-p-s-e , " Dr. Ali S. Khan wrote on the CDC website this week , adding casually that "  Resident Evil " is his "  personal favorite " zombie movie . As it happens , Khan , one of the nation 's top-ranking public health professionals  he 's a rear admiral and an assistant surgeon general  , does n't actually believe the living dead are about to claw their way out of graves and start chewing on your brain . But , he and his communications team recently noticed , what they 'd want you to do if the world really did suddenly go "  Night of the Living Dead " is pretty much the same thing they 'd want you to do in case of a hurricane or a major pandemic . From that realization to the decision actually to put up a blog post was a short step , Khan said Thursday . Inside zombie brains : How sci-fi teaches science Khan floated the idea of what to do in a meteor strike on earth not long after becoming director of CDC 's Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response eight months ago , he said , so his staff knew he was open to "  novel and creative ideas to engage the public . " Then the CDC got a question about zombies during an online chat about radiation leaks related to the meltdown at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March , and they saw traffic spike . Khan and his communications team knew they 'd found a way to get the public interested in disaster preparedness , he said . "  You have a ` Resident Evil ' movie coming out , ` Shaun of the Dead , ' ` World War Z. ' It 's a good metaphor for where you have complete disruption , " he said . So they posted the advice on Monday . Their website crashed on Wednesday . Why we love those rotting , hungry , putrid zombies It 's running sporadically as of this writing , so in case you ca n't get on , here 's what CDC recommends : Make an emergency plan . Stockpile food , water and medicine . Have a utility knife , duct tape and battery-powered radio handy , along with some changes of clothes and bedding . And keep some cleaning supplies handy , along with key personal documents like a driver 's license and birth certificate . The CDC also recommends having basic first aid supplies handy for a hurricane or a pandemic -- although , Khan admits on the CDC blog , "  you 're a goner if a zombie bites you . "	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issues zombie preparedness advice It 's a lighthearted way of getting people to think about disaster preparedness , a top official says Dr. Ali S. Khan does n't really expect the dead to rise -- but he does like "  Resident Evil " Getting ready for a zombie invasion is much like preparing for a hurricane , he says
EW.com  -- The sex is in the heel , indeed ! The Harvey Fierstein-Cyndi Lauper musical Kinky Boots  based on the 2005 British film  dominated the Tony nominations , garnering 13 Tony nominations , including a best score nod for Lauper for her first-ever musical . Trailing not far behind were Matilda  12 nods  , whose four tweens sharing the title role will be recognized with a special award on Tony night , Pippin  10 nods  , and Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella  9 nods  . On the play side , the celebrated revival of Clifford Odets ' Golden Boy proved strong as its boxer lead character , with 8 nods . Tom Hanks guns for EGOT territory with a best actor in a play nod in his first Broadway role in Lucky Guy  its late author Nora Ephron was also nominated for the journalism bio  . But perhaps the biggest surprise was the very strong showing for Christopher Durang 's Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike with 6 nods , including one in each acting category  though star Sigourney Weaver 's comic turn was overlooked  . Below is a full list of nominees for the 2013 Tony Awards , which will be broadcast on CBS on June 9 at 8 p.m. : Best Play The Assembled Parties Lucky Guy The Testament of Mary Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Best Musical Bring It On : The Musical A Christmas Story , The Musical Kinky Boots Matilda The Musical Best Revival of a Play Golden Boy Orphans The Trip to Bountiful Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Best Revival of a Musical Annie The Mystery of Edwin Drood Pippin Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Book of a Musical A Christmas Story , The Musical Kinky Boots Matilda The Musical Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Original Score  Music and/or Lyrics  Written for the Theatre A Christmas Story , The Musical Music and Lyrics : Benj Pasek and Justin Paul Hands on a Hardbody Music : Trey Anastasio and Amanda Green Lyrics : Amanda Green Kinky Boots Music & Lyrics : Cyndi Lauper Matilda The Musical Music & Lyrics : Tim Minchin Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play Tom Hanks , Lucky Guy Nathan Lane , The Nance Tracy Letts , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? David Hyde Pierce , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Tom Sturridge , Orphans Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play Laurie Metcalf , The Other Place Amy Morton , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Kristine Nielsen , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Holland Taylor , Ann Cicely Tyson , The Trip to Bountiful Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical Bertie Carvel , Matilda The Musical Santino Fontana , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Rob McClure , Chaplin Billy Porter , Kinky Boots Stark Sands , Kinky Boots Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical Stephanie J. Block , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Carolee Carmello , Scandalous Valisia LeKae , Motown The Musical Patina Miller , Pippin Laura Osnes , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play Danny Burstein , Golden Boy Richard Kind , The Big Knife Billy Magnussen , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Tony Shalhoub , Golden Boy Courtney B. Vance , Lucky Guy Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play Carrie Coon , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Shalita Grant , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Judith Ivey , The Heiress Judith Light , The Assembled Parties Condola Rashad , The Trip to Bountiful Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical Charl Brown , Motown The Musical Keith Carradine , Hands on a Hardbody Will Chase , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Gabriel Ebert , Matilda The Musical Terrence Mann , Pippin Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Musical Annaleigh Ashford , Kinky Boots Victoria Clark , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Andrea Martin , Pippin Keala Settle , Hands on a Hardbody Lauren Ward , Matilda The Musical Best Scenic Design of a Play John Lee Beatty , The Nance Santo Loquasto , The Assembled Parties David Rockwell , Lucky Guy Michael Yeargan , Golden Boy Best Scenic Design of a Musical Rob Howell , Matilda The Musical Anna Louizos , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Scott Pask , Pippin David Rockwell , Kinky Boots Best Costume Design of a Play Soutra Gilmour , Cyrano de Bergerac Ann Roth , The Nance Albert Wolsky , The Heiress Catherine Zuber , Golden Boy Best Costume Design of a Musical Gregg Barnes , Kinky Boots Rob Howell , Matilda The Musical Dominique Lemieux , Pippin William Ivey Long , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Lighting Design of a Play Jules Fisher & Peggy Eisenhauer , Lucky Guy Donald Holder , Golden Boy Jennifer Tipton , The Testament of Mary Japhy Weideman , The Nance Best Lighting Design of a Musical Kenneth Posner , Kinky Boots Kenneth Posner , Pippin Kenneth Posner , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Hugh Vanstone , Matilda The Musical Best Sound Design of a Play John Gromada , The Trip to Bountiful Mel Mercier , The Testament of Mary Leon Rothenberg , The Nance Peter John Still and Marc Salzberg , Golden Boy Best Sound Design of a Musical Jonathan Deans & Garth Helm , Pippin Peter Hylenski , Motown The Musical John Shivers , Kinky Boots Nevin Steinberg , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Direction of a Play Pam MacKinnon , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Nicholas Martin , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Bartlett Sher , Golden Boy George C. Wolfe , Lucky Guy Best Direction of a Musical Scott Ellis , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Jerry Mitchell , Kinky Boots Diane Paulus , Pippin Matthew Warchus , Matilda The Musical Best Choreography Andy Blankenbuehler , Bring It On : The Musical Peter Darling , Matilda The Musical Jerry Mitchell , Kinky Boots Chet Walker , Pippin Best Orchestrations Chris Nightingale , Matilda The Musical Stephen Oremus , Kinky Boots Ethan Popp & Bryan Crook , Motown The Musical Danny Troob , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella * * * Recipients of Awards and Honors in Non-competitive Categories Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre Bernard Gersten Paul Libin Ming Cho Lee Regional Theatre Award Huntington Theatre Company , Boston , Mass. . Isabelle Stevenson Award Larry Kramer Tony Honor for Excellence in the Theatre Career Transition For Dancers William Craver Peter Lawrence The Lost Colony The four actresses who created the title role of Matilda The Musical on Broadway -- Sophia Gennusa , Oona Laurence , Bailey Ryon and Milly Shapiro * * * Tony Nominations by Production Kinky Boots -- 13 Matilda The Musical -- 12 Pippin -- 10 Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella -- 9 Golden Boy -- 8 Lucky Guy -- 6 Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike -- 6 The Mystery of Edwin Drood -- 5 The Nance -- 5 Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? -- 5 Motown The Musical -- 4 The Trip to Bountiful -- 4 The Assembled Parties -- 3 A Christmas Story , The Musical -- 3 Hands on a Hardbody -- 3 The Testament of Mary -- 3 Bring It On : The Musical -- 2 The Heiress -- 2 Orphans -- 2 Ann -- 1 Annie -- 1 The Big Knife -- 1 Chaplin -- 1 Cyrano de Bergerac -- 1 The Other Place -- 1 Scandalous -- 1 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Tony nominations have been announced Kinky Boots gained the most with 13 noms 2013 Tony Awards will be broadcast on CBS on June 9
Consumers left angry and confused after the botched Obamacare rollout now have something else to worry about : misleading letters from insurance companies . In Colorado , Kentucky and Washington , state insurance commissioners have come down on insurance companies for sending thousands of consumers letters that were either threatening , incorrect or omitted crucial information about the Affordable Care Act . The biggest offender : Humana , a Fortune 100 insurance company . Kentucky Insurance Commissioner Sharon Clark fined the Louisville-based company more than $ 65,000 after it sent more than 6,500 customers a letter Clark found "  misleading . " The August letter said that customers had to choose one of two options within 30 days : Either legally extend their current policy through next year or choose a new , more expensive policy that complies with Obamacare . The letter never mentioned buying insurance through the new exchange . And the 30-day window expired before the new state insurance exchange opened October 1 , meaning that customers had to decide whether to take Humana 's coverage before seeing what options would be available on the exchange . Obamacare fix could add millions in government costs A 63-year-old retired man in Kentucky who received the letter said he felt like Humana had put a gun to his head . He either had to renew his current coverage through the end of 2014 for about $ 280 a month or see his monthly premium more than double , to about $ 620 . "  What they were telling me was I had to accept their choice to continue with no protection from preexisting conditions , to basically take their choices and go ahead before I knew the other options that were available through the exchange , " said the man , who asked for anonymity to share personal information and speak candidly about a politically charged issue . Clark called the letter "  high pressure . When you 're told you got ta do something in 30 days and if you do n't do it we 're going to make the choice for you , that 's disconcerting . " But the letter was more than troubling , it was also illegal . Clark said Humana broke the law when it included a form with the letter that had not gotten the required approval from her office . She said Humana officials worded the letter the way they did because "  they were interested in keeping those policyholders . Also , I think , again , it was a lack of understanding of Kentucky law . " In addition to the fine , Clark required Humana to send customers a correction with a full range of options that included buying insurance from the exchange , working with a broker or even keeping their current coverage until it expires . Clark said she fined the company a relatively low $ 10 per letter -- she could have gone as high as $ 1,000 per letter -- because she was trying to send a message . "  While that does n't really seem like a very significant amount of money , that action the department took goes into a national database and it informs all the other states of a fine and an order that Kentucky took against Humana , " she said . "  So that alerts all the other states that their could be some problems . " More questions swirl around Sebelius And she worried that if she levied a bigger fine , Humana would just pass the cost along to their customers in the form of higher premiums . In Colorado , Humana sent a similar letter that received an rebuke from state Insurance Commissioner Marguerite Salazar . That letter told 3,400 Humana policyholders in Colorado that they had to make a decision within 30 days or risk losing their coverage . And just like in Kentucky , the 30-day window ended before the state exchange opened . "  I was disappointed to see a letter that appeared threatening and incorrect going out to consumers . The last thing we need is more confusion , " Salazar said of the letter . Her office required Humana to retract and resend the letter and to apologize to its policyholders . And in Missouri , the state insurance department is looking into whether similar Humana letters there broke any laws . "  The department is aware of written correspondence between Humana and policyholders and is looking into the matter , " said Chris Cline , the department spokesman . Humana declined multiple interview requests , but in a statement said , "  Humana has been reaching out to our individual insurance policyholders to let them know of their full range of coverage options beginning January 1 , 2014  when the Affordable Care Act 's new insurance laws become effective  . " Obamacare : Now what ? But Humana is not the only company to come under fire . In Washington , LifeWise Health Plan drew the ire of regulators when it sent out a letter that made no mention of the state 's healthcare exchange . In response to the misleading letter , the Washington insurance commissioner sent out a consumer alert to make sure people knew their options , said department spokeswoman Stephanie Marquis . LifeWise spokesman Eric Earling said the complexity of health insurance reform means that they are unable to communicate all the details in a single letter . "  The first goal is , you 're a customer of ours , here 's what your options are with us , as one would expect , " he said . "  Our experience is our consumers are well aware there are other options for their business . "	Commissioners in 3 states have taken action against insurance companies Thousands of letters pressured policyholders , were incorrect or omitted exchange options Kentucky commissioner fined Humana $ 65,000 and ordered corrections mailed Missouri also looking at Humana letters ; LifeWise prompts alert in Washington state
CNN  -- The on-going reports about child molestation in the Catholic church have led the public and the media to ask what causes someone to be sexually attracted to children . Scientists use the word pedophilia to refer to the sexual preference for children before puberty  usually , before age 11  , and the word hebephilia , to refer to the sexual preference for children at puberty  usually , ages 11 to 14  . Although there have been claims that child molestation is a result of homosexuality  or of celibacy  , there is absolutely no basis in science for either conclusion . The scientific evidence instead suggests that pedophilia and hebephilia are caused by atypical brain development occurring near or before birth . MRI research has found very large differences in brain structure between men who have a sexual preference for children and those who have a sexual preference for adults . These differences were detected as regions of low density in brain tissue called white matter . White matter is what connects the various parts of the brain , enabling it to function as a whole . The white matter that is affected in pedophilia and hebephilia is the white matter that connects the parts of the brain that respond to sexual images .  Specifically , these regions were the superior occipitofrontal fasciculus and the arcuate fasciculus . There does not exist any evidence that gay men share this feature of decreased white matter . In fact , there is some evidence that gay men have areas of more white matter than straight men , in at least some parts of the brain  called the corpus callosum  . Also demonstrating that gay men have no more of a sexual interest in children than do straight men are studies that have measured sexual responses directly : There exists a test , called a phallometric test , in which a man is shown images of adults and children , both male and female , while he wears a device on his penis to detect even very small changes in blood volume . The procedure is routinely used with sexual offenders , and research has repeatedly shown phallometric testing to be one of the most -- if not the single most -- accurate predictor of who is the most likely to commit future sexual offenses . When regular gay men and regular straight men  not offenders  are tested , gay men respond to images of children in exactly the same way that straight men do : very little . Out of typical men , approximately two to three percent have a sexual preference for men rather than women , and out of pedophilic/hebephilic men , approximately 20 to 30 percent have a sexual preference for boys rather than girls . It is an error , however , to conclude from this that the two to three percent who prefer men are more likely than the others to break out of their preferences to contact a child sexually . That is , the offenses against boys are being committed by the 20 to 30 percent of pedophiles who prefer boys , not by the two to three percent of otherwise typical men who prefer men . The misconception that gay men pose a disproportionate risk to children comes from a misunderstanding of men 's sexual preferences : Pedophilia is the genuine sexual preference for children . The evidence suggests that these are innate and immutable characteristics . Pedophilia/hebephilia is not a temporary state from which those who prefer boys can become typical gay men , nor from which those who prefer girls can become typical straight men . Nor is there any known route by which someone with a genuine sexual preference for adults can develop a genuine sexual preference for children , either girls or boys . Although it is reasonable to question why the Catholic priesthood appears to include so many pedophilic or hebephilic men , there is no scientific evidence that homosexuality is the answer , nor that fostering discrimination against gay men could be a solution . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. James Cantor . Click here more information and updates on his research .	There is no scientific evidence to link gay men and child molesters MRI research shows distinct differences in brain structure between the two Pedophilia/hebephilia is not a temporary state from which one can become a typical gay man
CNN  -- Early on Tuesday morning , two Palestinian men from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabel Mukaber entered a synagogue in the sleepy West Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof and went on a killing spree . Armed with guns and knives , the two men killed four rabbis -- three Israeli-American and one Israeli-British -- before they were struck down by Israeli police . The attack , which also claimed the life of a police officer , was the deadliest in a series of recent "  lone wolf " attacks against Israelis across Jerusalem . The Israeli response was swift . The Israeli military ordered the demolition of the perpetrators ' homes . Israeli border police blocked access to several East Jerusalem neighborhoods that have been recent flash points for conflict . And Israeli security services conducted raids in several towns in the West Bank . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned the attacks and hammered Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas for inciting the ongoing violence in Jerusalem . Similarly , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the "  senseless brutality , " and called on Abbas to do the same . Abbas soon stepped up . It was his first condemnation of any attack in Jerusalem since the unrest began last month . Indeed , the aging Palestinian leader is walking a tightrope . On the one hand , lone wolves are by definition not under the control of Abbas nor other Palestinian political organizations . And it is also true that Abbas has not been the driving force of the Jerusalem unrest . But at the same time , he does appear to be making an effort to benefit from the tensions , seemingly seeking to ride this current wave of nationalist fervor . Yet Abbas is also operating from a political place of strength . The West trusts him because he brought an end to the violence of the second intifada , or uprising  2000-2005  . The Israelis need him because his forces in the West Bank cooperate with the Israelis on a range of security issues . In many ways , Abbas is responsible for preventing a third intifada in the West Bank -- the territory he controls . However , both Israel and the United States have badly mismanaged the relationship with the Palestinian Authority , doubling down on a system that has failed to invest in Palestinian good governance , let alone new leadership . As a result , neither have much leverage to tone down his rhetoric , short of threatening to oust him from power . Ultimately , though , there is also the question of whether the Palestinian leader actually has the ability to bring stability back to Jerusalem . Even though Palestinians claim the city as their capital , Jerusalem is outside of Abbas ' jurisdiction . Moreover , Abbas is now nine years into a four-year term , and his popularity is flagging . The 79-year-old Abbas may be thinking about his legacy after nearly a decade of failed peace talks and internecine squabbles that have divided the Palestinian people , both politically and geographically . The key question is whether Abbas believes he can resuscitate his political fortunes on the Palestinian street by supporting the Jerusalem unrest . If he does , the path to de-escalation is clouded . If Abbas is not the answer , the trick for U.S. and Israeli policymakers is identifying who else to engage . And it is far from clear who that person might be .	Jonathan Schanzer and Grant Rumley : Tuesday latest lone wolf attack Abbas has not been driving force of unrest , authors say Israel , U.S. mismanaged relationship with Palestinian Authority , authors say Unclear if Abbas is the answer , they add
CNN  -- At least three protesters were killed Sunday when security forces and secret police raided the town of Jableh on Syria 's western coast and fired at demonstrators without warning , according to an eyewitness and demonstrator . Security forces surrounded a mosque that was being used to treat the wounded , preventing 18 seriously wounded people from being taken to a hospital , according to a doctor inside . Snipers posted on the rooftops fired rifles indiscriminately around the mosque , causing the hundred demonstrators and medical personnel inside to fear they would be shot in the dark , the doctor said . The doctor , who asked not to be identified , said he believes the Syrian regime is now targeting him because "  they heard my voice on Al Jazeera and they know me now and anytime the Syrian regime finds out about someone they do their best to make them disappear . " The makeshift hospital inside the mosque has no supplies to treat wounds other than cotton balls and gauze , he said . Security forces did allow one gravely wounded patient to be taken away to a hospital , but the doctor said the man was "  passing towards death . " Small groups were beginning to gather in the streets when security forces began firing at them , the eyewitness said . The witness said he saw one man shot to death , and that he was one of several men who carried the man 's body away from the scene . After hearing news of the incident , hundreds of people gathered on the streets chanting anti-government slogans , but before they could mass into one large crowd , security forces moved to break up the groups , the eyewitness said . "  They attacked us and showered us with live ammunition , " he said . "  We all began fleeing and ran back into our homes . " Many people were injured in the crackdown , and one additional demonstrator was killed , the eyewitness said . Security forces were patrolling the streets as snipers perched on the roofs of buildings continued to fire sporadically into the deserted town , the eyewitness said . Water and electricity to homes was turned off , and people were scared to raise their voices inside their homes for fear of attracting the snipers ' attention . "  I am not afraid , but I have children and I can not risk attracting attention to my home , " the eyewitness said . The city was shut down , with all businesses closed . The country 's interior ministry said Sunday that dozens of Syrian police officers have been injured in the anti-government protests . On Saturday , witnesses also reported that security forces opened fire on people mourning slain protesters . At least 10 people died Saturday after Syrian security forces opened fire on mourners at funeral processions in the Damascus suburb of Douma and the southern town of Izraa , according to witness accounts , adding to a rapidly growing death toll . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Sunday that seven people were killed "  by the armed criminal groups " on Saturday in the town of Nawa , citing an official military source . In addition , two security personnel were killed in al-Muadamiya and Homs , SANA said . The news agency also reported 38 police officers were injured in the clashes , citing the nation 's interior ministry . The accusations come amid heightened tensions between troops and protesters as public discontent with President Bashar al-Assad 's regime grows . Syrians have staged anti-government protests for weeks , demanding the immediate release of political prisoners , lifting of emergency and martial law , and withdrawal of intelligence forces from Syrian cities . Residents of Zamalka on Sunday buried four protesters killed in recent demonstrations , according to an eyewitness in the town . Hundreds gathered for the funeral procession and chanted anti-government protests as they marched toward the burial grounds . Community leaders set up a large tent with loudspeakers in the center of Zamalka to stage a large anti-government rally , the eyewitness said . Hundreds of people were in attendance , with more expected after prayers were held in honor of those killed in the unrest . There was a heavy security presence Sunday in the city of Harasta , just northeast of Damascus , which was preventing people from gathering for demonstrations , according to an eyewitness and activist . City entrances were blocked with security checkpoints , making it hard to enter or exit , the eyewitness said . Most businesses were closed . The activist said he has heard reports that several homes were raided Saturday night by security forces . In Douma , meanwhile , several small demonstrations were taking place with several hundred people each , according to the eyewitness . The protests were peaceful . There were no security personnel inside Douma , but forces were stationed on its borders . The eyewitness and activist said he was told by a doctor in the Damascus suburb of Barzah that three people were killed in Saturday 's demonstrations . On Thursday , al-Assad lifted the country 's 48-year-old state of emergency and abolished the state security court , both of which were key demands of the demonstrators . But anti-government protests have continued , with dozens reported killed Friday . The brazen Friday killings rippled through the Syrian political establishment . Syrian parliament member Khalil Al Rifai announced his resignation Saturday in a television interview , saying security forces had opened fire even though al-Assad promised not to use force against protesters . Protests continued early Sunday morning in a suburb outside Syria 's capital , with people waving candles and chanting , "  the people want to topple the regime , " activist Wissam Tarif said . Tarif , who is not in Syria but remains in contact with activists across the country , said he was told Saturday that forces were firing in the air and at random targets as more than 10,000 protesters took to the streets . Witnesses in Izraa said tens of thousands of people gathered for a funeral procession , when , one witness said , "  suddenly they opened fire on us and it was raining bullets . We were chanting peacefully , peacefully and they fired at us . " As thousands of people marched from the burial grounds toward Douma 's main hospital Saturday , security forces on the rooftops of government buildings fired shots , a witness said . "  We were chanting , ` With our bloods , with our souls we will sacrifice for you , martyrs . ' And all of sudden and without warning , they fired indiscriminately into the crowd , " the witness said . Tarif said activists have confirmed at least 84 deaths from Friday 's confrontations between protesters and security forces . Amnesty International reported at least 75 deaths on Friday . "  The Syrian authorities have again responded to peaceful calls for change with bullets and batons , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa director . The protests began last month in the southern city of Daraa after a violent crackdown by security forces on peaceful demonstrators protesting the arrests of youths who scribbled anti-government graffiti . The tough crackdown in Daraa spurred more protest . As peaceful demonstrations spread to other regions , such as Latakia , Banias and the Damascus suburbs , the protests were met with force that emboldened the protesters ' resolve . The government made some efforts at reform , include the lifting of the country 's emergency law , the abolition of a special court that tried regime opponents , the establishment of a new cabinet , and the granting of citizenship to stateless people in the country 's northeastern Kurdish region . But activists think the violent crackdown Friday undermines the lifting of the emergency law . They also have other complaints with the government , such as immunity for its security officers and the incarceration of political prisoners and those arrested for participating in peaceful protests . They want the easing of the ruling Baath Party 's power and a law that would permit the establishment of independent political parties .	Security forces wage a violent crackdown on massing protesters Eyewitness says the forces opened fire without warning Syria says 7 people were killed by "  armed criminal groups " Witnesses say 10 people died Saturday after security forces fired on mourners
It 's a sad day for local news fans . NBC News has shuttered EveryBlock , a hyperlocal news site that pulled in and mapped useful information from a variety of rich sources , including Craigslist posts , police reports , restaurant inspections and Yelp reviews . NBC announced the shutdown in a blog post on Thursday and it is effective immediately . The post has already racked up more than 630 comments , mostly by surprised loyal users who made up the active commenting community . Launched in 2008 in Chicago by Adrian Holovaty , EveryBlock started as an exciting experiment with a two-year $ 1.1 million grant from the Knight Foundation . The company was acquired by MSNBC.com a year later , and in 2012 NBC News bought MSNBC.com . The maps plotted a mix of commercial , government and nonprofit feeds . You could see Flickr photos , recent muggings , local news stories and home foreclosures on your street , viewed as a map , list or RSS feed . Over the years the site expanded beyond Chicago to deliver local news for 19 cities , including San Francisco , Atlanta , New York and Los Angeles . Chicago always remained the most popular EveryBlock city , accounting for more than half the site 's traffic , according to Alexa rankings . Unfortunately for the committed users and 10 employees working on the project , the model was n't profitable enough for NBC News to keep it open . "  We looked at various options to keep this going , but none of them were viable . It was a tough call to make , " NBC News ' chief digital officer Vivian Schiller told Poynter . Schiller said EveryBlock was n't a good fit with the company 's growth strategy . "  EveryBlock was among the more innovative and ambitious journalism projects at a time when journalism desperately needed innovation and ambition . RIP , " wrote a shocked Holovaty , who was no longer with the company , in a post on the closure . "  Within the world of neighborhood news there 's an exciting pace of innovation yet increasing challenges to building a profitable business , " said the EveryBlock team in a blog post . "  Though EveryBlock has been able to build an engaged community over the years , we 're faced with the decision to wrap things up . "	EveryBlock plotted a mix of commercial , government and nonprofit feeds The site was an experiment in data and mapping based journalism EveryBlock was started in 2008 and had sites for 19 cities .
CNN  -- 1 . Good football game . 2 . How could that ref not call that ?! 3 . The blackout . 4 . Beyonce , wow , man . 5 . A lot of bad ads . Well , that 's basically it . Did I leave out anything ? These would be your top five Super Bowl talking points , would n't you agree ? Because if something more interesting happened on Super Bowl Sunday that 's still got you talking on Monday , I would very much like to know what it was . F-words overheard in the winning team 's celebration , perhaps ?  Hey , watch your Flacco mouth , pal !  Or that guy going 108 yards with a kickoff ? How about a Harbaugh mentioned every 10 or 20 seconds on TV ? Oh , and that cute Clydesdale . And the losing team 's quarterback , Colin I 'm - So-Good-I-Can-Kiss-Myself . And there were those sweet kids from Sandy Hook , singing "  America the Beautiful " so beautifully , alongside the increasingly beautiful Jennifer Hudson . OK , I suppose somebody out there might be talking about some of these things , too . I personally thought John Harbaugh 's Ravens 34 , Jim Harbaugh 's 49ers 31 was a truly cool Super Bowl , possibly one of the 10 best ever played . I have sat through quite a few bad , bad Super Bowls in my day , including one inside this same New Orleans dome where a 49ers team beat the living gumbo out of a Denver Broncos team . Compared to that clinker , trust me , Sunday 's game between Baltimore and San Francisco was a classic . But it sure did n't start out that way . Kickoff came in the late afternoon in Los Angeles , where I watched Super Bowl XLVII on a XLIII-inch screen . It was still light outdoors out west as the game drew close to halftime , and the score was so one-sided -- Baltimore was up by 21-3 at one point -- I reached for the remote control of my TV . Let 's see , what else was on ? ESPN : "  World 's Strongest Man " competition . ESPN2 : Auburn vs. Florida women 's gymnastics . TNT : A rerun of "  Law & Order "  what a surprise  . AMC : "  The Walking Dead . " No , I stuck with CBS , where , on their way to the locker room , the 49ers also appeared to be the walking dead . Beyonce came out next and sang -- really sang , not like at Barack Obama 's inauguration . And then her two old teammates from Destiny 's Child sang along with her . I think they sang "  Bootylicious , " a song that I believe Beyonce was not asked to sing at Obama 's inauguration . Soon the second half began . It took approximately 12 seconds for a Raven named Jacoby Jones to fly 108 yards for a touchdown . Baltimore was now up by 28-6 and Mr. and Mrs. Harbaugh 's son John was looking more and more like destiny 's child . I picked up that remote once more . HBO : "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close . " TLC : "  My Big Fat American Gypsy . " MTV : "  Snooki and JWOWW . " VH1 : "  Mob Wives . " ID : "  Wives With Knives . " A tough choice , obviously . I decided no , I can not change this channel now , because I might miss a Super Bowl commercial that everybody else will be buzzing about tomorrow . Maybe a funny one with a talking baby or a chimpanzee . Maybe a sexy one with somebody classy like Danica Patrick or Snooki or JWOWW . Then the whole screen went dark . The players on my TV were suddenly harder to see than Manti Te'o 's girlfriend . I sat there squinting until I realized that the City of New Orleans ' combination football stadium and hurricane shelter had just blown a fuse . A power blackout caused an interruption to the TV event everybody wanted to see , or at least everybody who did n't prefer watching Auburn vs. Florida women 's gymnastics . A lot of perplexed,mixed-up people began running around in that dome , some of them probably calling Louisiana Gas & Electric to make sure that the city had remembered to mail in the February payment . A number of lame jokes made the rounds -- yes , this is why the 49ers play their home games in a park called Candlestick -- and I was asked by more than one person what would happen if New Orleans failed to get the lights back on . I lied that the game would be moved to Baton Rouge and played on Super Bowl Tuesday . Thirty-four long minutes later , lights , camera , action . It was OK to play . Somebody  maybe FEMA ?  did a heck of a job . Up to then , everything had been going Baltimore 's way . Joe Flacco was having a Joe Montana kind of day at quarterback , Michael Oher was throwing blocks the way Sandra Bullock taught him to in that movie , Ray Rice ran hard and Ray Lewis apparently made a lot of tackles , because those TV guys kept talking and talking and talking about Ray Lewis , even though I did n't actually see him make tackles . Ahhh , but as soon as Joe the Electrician  or whoever they called  screwed in all the new light bulbs , the Super Bowl looked entirely different . Colin Kaepernick began making great plays at quarterback for the 49ers , giving himself a great big kiss on the arm for a job well done . Colin 's the kind of kid who would pour Gatorade over his own head after a win . We had ourselves a football game all of a sudden , San Francisco coming within two points , 31-29 . I should have seen it coming because the 49ers never choke in a big game . I ca n't recall the Niners ever playing poorly in a Super Bowl , just as I ca n't recall the Niners ever playing a good game before the NFL had a Super Bowl . Could they actually win this game ? Could they solve Baltimore 's defense one more time -- as soon as CBS ran 20 or 30 more commercials ? Elementary , as Sherlock Holmes almost never says to Lucy Liu . Kaepernick looked great . He was fast . He was bootylicious . He got the 49ers within striking distance . The Ravens were trapped between a pit and a pendulum . A pass was thrown , lobbed high above Niner receiver Michael Crabtree 's head , but Jimmy Smith of the Ravens seemed to have Crabtree in his pincers . Would it be called pass interference ? Would it be a first down for the 49ers , a yard or two away from a winning touchdown ? Would Kaepernick run for a score and then kiss himself on the mouth ? Nope , no flag . No call by the ref on that pass . Maybe he lost it in the lights . It was a memorable ending . Certainly more memorable than most of the commercials , which did n't even star any funny chimps . Baltimore 's post-game celebration was colorful and wild . Flacco apparently could be heard by TV viewers using some bad flaccin ' language . He also accepted an award for being voted the Most Valuable Player of the game , but at least he did n't accidentally say that he was going to flaccin ' Disneyland . Another big game had come and gone . I am sure that many of you would agree that this was one of the best Super Bowls that you have ever seen . You know , except for the dark part . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : Super Bowl XLVII seemed headed for a blowout -- until the blackout The Harbaugh vs. Harbaugh game suddenly got a lot closer as the 49ers came alive Among the highlights : Beyonce 's halftime show , ref 's failure to call a penalty on a decisive play Downey : Overall , one of the ten best Super Bowls
President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up their Sunnyland summit Saturday with a late-morning stroll in the California desert . Obama declared the visit "  terrific . " Over two days , the two leaders met for a total of eight hours at the Annenberg Retreat at Sunnylands , just outside Palm Springs in California . The summit , held just four months after Xi took office , was meant to launch a close new relationship with a new Chinese leader . The backdrop was unusual . Opinion : Obama , talk about political reform with Xi Sunnyland is a private estate of the Annenburg family . It is better known for hosting Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack , and Ronald Reagan spent New Year 's Eve 18 times there . Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues . Among them : North Korea - The leaders agreed to keep up pressure on the country to rein in its nuclear ambitions . Cyber attacks - According to the White House , the Chinese acknowledged the problem , agreed to investigate and work out "  rules of the road . " "  I believe we can work together on this rather than at cross-purposes , " Obama said . Climate change - For the first time , China agreed to work with the United States to limit the production of greenhouse gases . Obama gave the Chinese leader a parting gift : a bench made of California wood . During the summit , President Xi publicly invited Obama to visit China . White House officials say the president agreed . Now , they are looking to hold a similar informal summit outside Beijing in the not-too-distant future . Opinion : What Obama should tell Xi about North Korea	President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping wrap their Sunnyland summit Aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues Discussed North Korea , cyber attacks and climate change issues Obama agreed to hold a similar informal summit next in China
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- As the ninth day of protests left six wounded Saturday , Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh blamed the roiling unrest on foreign agendas and a plot against Yemen 's stability , according to the state-run Saba news agency . "  Everybody has the right to express his views peacefully and has the right to have a say through media as there are many democratic means for the expression of opinion , " Saleh told Saturday 's founding conference of Civil Society Organizations , according to Saba . The president said he hoped the conference will come up with recommendations to alleviate the country 's current unstable situation . "  We do not want to copy others , but we shall define what we want , " he said , according to Saba . Saleh expressed concern about violence in the coastal city of Aden , where five people have been killed since Wednesday in anti-government demonstrations , hospital and government officials said . Saleh urged non-violent change through the ballot box , according to the state-run news agency . In an attempt to quell growing discontent , Saleh , a key U.S. ally in the fight against an offshoot of al Qaeda in Yemen , has announced he wo n't seek another term in 2013 after being in power for 32 years . He also said he would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for discussions about reform . Yemen 's situation is exacerbated by the U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda , a Shiite uprising , a secessionist movement in its once-independent south , and a looming shortage of water . Hundreds of Yemeni anti-government protesters clashed with pro-government demonstrators Saturday at Sanaa University , eyewitnesses and a local human rights group said . Gunshots were fired into the crowd , leaving at least six wounded , they said . Abdul Rahman Barman , head of the human rights group HOOD , corrected an earlier account he provided about one student supposedly being killed in the demonstration . Barman said the chaos at the scene caused the error . Instead , that student , Bassam Othman , an anti-government demonstrator , was shot in the neck and was showing improvement while in Kuwait Hospital , said his brother , Sabri . The brother accused pro-government gang members of firing upon the crowd and questioned why the riot police did n't step in and protect students who were demonstrating . "  What 's happening is because of chaos and because of lack of security . Even if they were anti-government protesters , where is the security to keep us safe ? " Sabri Othman told CNN . "  The whole world is seeing this and seeing that it 's wrong . These tactics that are being used means the regime here is falling apart . " Four other injured persons were hospitalized and are in stable condition , said Khulaid Mashraqi , a local doctor . Two were shot in the leg while the other two had wounds to the head , he said . "  There were 30 to 40 pro-government gang members there that were randomly shooting at us , " said Esam Al-Hajjaji , an anti-government protester who was shot in the leg . Saturday marked the ninth consecutive day of protests in Yemen . The Yemen parliament expressed its regrets Saturday for all the victims of the ongoing violent demonstrations , according to the state-run news outlet . In a statement , the parliament condemned any outlaw sabotage and violence as well as attempts to disturb the country 's security and stability . It rejected any efforts promoting "  hatred and regionalism culture " and called on security forces to enhance stability and protect citizens , according to Saba . The parliament also called upon all Yemenis to put Yemen first among their priorities . Saba reported Saturday that an official source at the Interior Ministry has denounced some reports that security personnel in civilian clothes participated in marches . "  These fabrications are baseless and aims at insulting the security services , " the source told Saba . The source also said security personnel are present in uniform near all rallies of pro- and anti-government marchers to maintain security and public order . The U.S. Embassy issued a statement Friday voicing concern for what it called "  a disturbing rise in the number and violence of attacks against Yemeni citizens gathering peacefully to express their views on the current political situation . " The embassy said it had received reports that government officials were present during the attacks . "  The attacks are contrary to the commitments that President Saleh has made to protect the right of Yemeni citizens to gather peacefully to express their views , " the statement said . On Friday , supporters of Ali Abdullah Saleh hurled rocks and plunged into a crowd calling for the longtime president 's ouster in Sanaa as similar protests gained momentum in other Yemeni towns . In the wake of Egyptians successfully toppling President Hosni Mubarak more than a week ago , thousands of people in several Arab nations were trying to score their own victories . On Friday , Yemenis marched to Sanaa University , where security forces and riot police tried to stay between rival demonstrators . "  After Mubarak , now it 's Ali 's turn , " chanted the anti-government protesters . "  The people want the fall of the regime . " "  I 'm out here today because we want the president to go and we want to make sure that he and his family do n't stay in power , " said Khalid Amer , a student . Despite concessions from Saleh , a rising tide of anger is sweeping through Yemen 's youth , who say they are simply fed up with the status quo . Saleh met earlier in the week with his National Defense Council to discuss discontent in his nation . The council "  stressed all should practice their rights according to the constitution , in a peaceful way and without violence , chaos , sabotage and lawbreaking , " Saba reported . Saleh has also been in touch with King Hamad of Bahrain , also mired in unrest . "  He pointed out that there are schemes aimed at plunging the region into chaos and violence targeting the nation 's security and the stability of its countries , " according to Saba . "  Those who commit acts of disorder and vandalism  are  simply implementing suspicious foreign agendas . " The report did n't suggest who might be behind the agendas . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : One protester reportedly killed actually survived a gunshot wound to neck Yemen 's president says foreign agendas threaten country 's stability At least six are wounded from most recent clashes Saturday marks the ninth consecutive day of protests in Yemen
ROME , Italy -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney scored a goal in each half as Manchester United won 2-0 in Roma 's Olympic Stadium to virtually assure the Premier League leaders a place in the Champions League semifinals . Cristiano Ronaldo rises above the Roma defense to power home a superb header . United proved they can still dominate the Italian side , following last season 's 8-3 aggregate triumph at the same stage of the competition , with a stylish display . The visitors enjoyed a lot of the ball in the first period as Roma -- missing talismanic striker Francesco Totti -- sat back , seemingly intent on not giving anything away . On 12 minutes , United opened up the Roma defense but after Park Ji-Sung took the ball down on his chest he was crowded out . Christian Panucci headed over the bar from a David Pizarro corner and Mirko Vucinic shot over as he was falling backwards , after Rio Ferdinand had slipped , as Roma briefly threatened . United then suffered a blow as defender Nemanja Vidic was stretchered off with a leg injury , to be replaced by John O'Shea . Chances were few and far between but on 39 minutes United produced a move of majestic quality to take the lead . United switched the ball around the edge of the Roma box before Paul Scholes eventually crossed for Ronaldo to come steaming in to out-jump Marco Cassetti and thump home a header . Just three minutes later Roma had their best chance of the half after a mistake from Ferdinand , but Vucinic dragged his shot from the left just beyond the far post . Roma came out after the break with more purpose and Vucinic played in Max Tonetto , but he lashed his shot wide of the near post , failing even to force Edwin van der Sar into making a save . From a quick throw Panucci had great chance but skied his volley from five meters . Substitute Ludovic Giuly then got behind the United defense but Van der Sar cut out his cross . And the big Dutch keeper then made a stunning one-handed save on 62 minutes from a Vucinic header to keep the scores level . Four minutes later , United scored a crucial second as Park headed a deep cross from Wes Brown back across goal and Rooney mopped up the loose ball after goalkeeper Doni and Panucci impeded each other . Moments later Ronaldo had a shot deflected onto the outside of the post as United threatened to run riot . Rooney had two glorious chances to heap more misery on Roma late on but had one shot blocked and sent the other wide . Ronaldo then almost scored with a stunning late volley from substitute Carlos Tevez 's cross but the ball flew over the bar . With Barcelona taking a 1-0 lead over Schalke in the other semifinal , it looks increasingly likely that United will face the Catalan giants for a place in the Moscow final mext month . Ronaldo played down his goal , simply saying his 36th of the season was "  a good header " and preferred to comment on the team 's overall performance . "  That was a very good performance in what was a top game , " he said . "  We created a few chances , scored twice and deserved the victory . "  The defense were terrific and they played their part . It was a good job overall but we must remember that the Champions League is a different style to the Premier League and this match is not over yet , " added the Portuguese winger . E-mail to a friend	Manchester United win 2-0 in Roma in the Champions League quarterfinals Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney put the visitors in control The winners will face Barcelona or Schalke for a place in the final in Moscow
The JetBlue pilot who was locked out of his cockpit and tackled by passengers after an apparent in-flight meltdown seven months ago will be freed . U.S. District Court Judge Mary Lou Robinson ruled Friday that Clayton Osbon should be released under the conditions that he continues mental health treatment as prescribed and does not try to get a pilot 's license , get on a plane without the court 's permission or communicate with anyone who was on his last flight . Osbon was flying an A320 aircraft from New York to Las Vegas on March 27 when , according to court documents , he started acting erratic , telling air traffic control to be quiet and saying things such as "  we 're not going to Vegas " and "  we 're all going down . " When he left the cockpit , the co-pilot changed the door lock and directed passengers to tackle Osbon and restrain him until the plane made an emergency landing in Amarillo , Texas , where he was arrested . Passengers captured some of the confrontation on cell phone cameras . Pilot breakdown draws attention to mental health standards In July , Osbon was found not guilty by reason of insanity but was kept in custody for mental health treatment at a federal medical center in Fort Worth , Texas . The next month , the court was notified that he had "  suffered a psychotic episode " and requested that his time in the facility be extended . In Robinson 's order releasing Obson , she notes a new report from the U.S. Bureau of Prisons found that Osbon 's release "  would not create a substantial risk of bodily injury to another person or serious damage to the property of another , a finding to which neither the Government or the defendant objects . " The exact date of his release is not specified , but the Bureau of Prisons is ordered to free him after making arrangements including "  mental health aftercare " and assigning him a probation officer . More than two dozen passengers on the flight are suing JetBlue for negligence in allowing Osbon to fly . That civil case continues .	Pilot Clayton Osbon to be released but must continue treatment Osbon was arrested in March after he had an apparent in-flight meltdown Osbon was found not guilty by reason of insanity in July but kept in custody for treatment
CNN  -- Three people have been detained for questioning in Belize in the weekend killing of Gregory Faull , a neighbor of Internet pioneer John McAfee , who was being sought for questioning , police said . The detentions are routine in such investigations , said Raphael Martinez , a spokesman for the National Police in the Central American country . Faull , 52 , was found dead with a gunshot wound to the back of the head on Sunday in his home near San Pedro Belize , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye , Martinez said . Faull was killed after four of 11 dogs belonging to McAfee were fatally poisoned , said Wired Magazine Contributing Editor Joshua Davis , who said he had spent more than 100 hours with McAfee in recent months . Faull had frequently complained about the dogs barking , Davis said . "  The dogs were poisoned on Friday night , they died very quickly , " Davis said . "  Sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning , Mr. Faull was killed . " Martinez said a person working for McAfee called police Saturday about a poisoned dog ; when police arrived at McAfee 's residence , they found the dogs had been buried . Martinez said there had been "  some sort of misunderstanding " before Saturday between McAfee and Faull about the dogs . McAfee , 67 , told Davis on Tuesday that he did not kill his neighbor , the reporter said . "  He says that he 's had very little contact with Greg over the past three years , " Davis said . "  They 've spoken maybe 50 words total . Nonetheless , there was antagonism there . McAfee admits that . " McAfee told Davis that , when police visited his home on Sunday , he hid from them . "  McAfee saw them coming and he dug a hole in the sand and buried himself in the sand , he says , and he put a cardboard box over his head so he could breathe , " Davis said . "  He said it was extremely uncomfortable , but he believes that the police will kill him if he turns himself in . " "  My goodness , " Martinez said when asked about McAfee 's reported fear . "  He needs to come in so that we can clear the air . We are law-abiding people here . We follow the laws to the letter . We believe at this point that he has absolutely no fear of being killed by anybody . " McAfee is not a suspect , Martinez said . He is a person police want to talk with "  to clarify the situation , to allay the fears of everybody that perhaps he is indeed involved in the murder of his neighbor , " whose house is about 300 yards away , Martinez said . Investigators were pursuing multiple leads , he added . On Wednesday , police said they had filed weapons charges against McAfee 's bodyguard , William Mulligan , 29 , and Mulligan 's wife , Stefanie Mulligan , 22 . The two are accused of keeping a firearm and ammunition without a license . They were arrested on McAfee 's property , police said . In a telephone interview with Davis that was posted on Wired 's website , McAfee said Tuesday morning that he was hiding from authorities . "  Obviously , given enough time , they will track me down , " he said . "  It 's just a matter of time . In the meantime I 'd like to get out as much information as I can about the wrongs in this country . " He said a number of the country 's political figures were corrupt . McAfee has a history of problems with the government , Davis said . In April , a gang-suppression squad raided one of his properties and charged him with running a methamphetamine lab and illegal arms possession , Davis said . The charges were dropped . "  Ever since then , McAfee thinks he 's been harassed by the police , " Davis said . "  And I directly confronted him on this and I said , ` Maybe you 're paranoid . ' He talks about police hiding in bushes and stalking . " Davis said he "  wondered if there was something bad that was going to happen . " "  I do agree that he is a very eccentric multi-millionaire and I also felt fear with him , " he said . McAfee founded the Internet security company that bears his name , but left it in 1994 , said company spokeswoman Kimberly Eichorn . McAfee graduated in 1967 with a degree in mathematics from Roanoke College , according to the Virginia school . He went on to found several tech companies and to launch groundbreaking products , including the voice-recognition system Interpath Inc. in 1981 , McAfee in 1988 , and the instant messaging pioneer Tribal Voice in 1996 . Faull , a construction contractor from central Florida , moved this year to Belize "  to transition to more adventures based in Belize , " his family said in a statement . Several years ago , he had bought a house on Ambergris Cay in Belize that had been damaged in a hurricane , the family said . "  Greg worked part-time for the past three years to rebuild the home , " it said . "  He recently completed work and had the property ready to offer as a vacation rental when he was murdered . " CNN 's Karen Smith and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The detentions are routine in such investigations , police say McAfee acknowledges differences with the neighbor , Wired 's Joshua Davis says McAfee is a "  very eccentric multi-millionaire " who founded an Internet security firm McAfee left the firm he founded in 1994
Drum roll ... George Alexander Louis ! The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announced Wednesday that they 've named their new bundle of joy . The tot "  will be known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge , " according to Clarence House , the official residence of heirs to the throne . iReport : Do you have a traditional family name ? Earlier Wednesday , word came that the couple are doing what new parents do : They are enjoying some incredibly sweet moments alone with their baby . The official statement said William and Catherine are now down to the business of getting "  to know their son . " The parents and the perhaps future king left Kensington Palace in London by car around lunchtime , UK media reported . The couple has been mum about their immediate schedules . British media were feverishly reporting where they might be , with the consensus being that the couple and child went to the village of Bucklebury , where Catherine 's parents live . Earlier Wednesday , Queen Elizabeth II went to Kensington Palace to see the newborn for the first time . Uncle Harry paid a visit , too , the palace told reporters . The public got its first look at the child Tuesday evening , outside the Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital in London . The prince and his wife said then that they had been "  working on a name . " "  So we 'll have that as soon as we can ... , " William said . "  It 's the first time we 've seen him really , so we 're having a proper chance to catch up . " Many bets were placed as the public waited for the announcement . British bookmakers Ladbrokes had George and James as favorites Wednesday , followed by Alexander , Arthur , Louis and Henry . Queen Ella ? King Terry ? What 's in a royal name ? William 's name was announced a few days after birth ; his brother Harry 's upon leaving the hospital . Interactive : World reacts to royal baby news The baby has a "  good pair of lungs , " the prince told well-wishers Tuesday evening . "  He 's got her looks , thankfully . " They took turns holding little George , wrapped in a cream-colored blanket . The parents waved . William said he 'd already changed his first diaper . "  It 's very emotional . It 's such a special time , " Catherine said . Third in line The 8-pound , 6-ounce boy was born Monday afternoon . He 's third in line , behind Charles and William , to the British throne . As well as ruling the United Kingdom , George Alexander Louis could one day be king of 15 other commonwealth countries that have the British monarch as head of state if none change their constitution in the meantime . They include Australia , Canada , New Zealand , Belize and Jamaica . On their way out of the hospital , the couple walked down the same steps where Diana , Princess of Wales , and Prince Charles gave the world its first look at Prince William 31 years ago . Confused about the royals ? Follow this handy family tree William placed the teeny royal heir in a car seat in the back of a black sport utility vehicle , then got behind the wheel for the trip to their residence at Kensington Palace . The grand apartment they will eventually move into within the palace , Apartment 1A , is still being refurbished , so William and Catherine have been living in a small cottage in the grounds . Interactive : World reacts to royal baby news The internal renovation work at Kensington Palace is due to be completed in the fall . The duke and duchess ' staff will also move into refurbished offices there , according to Buckingham Palace accounts released last month . The late Diana moved into Kensington Palace after marrying Prince Charles in 1981 . William and Harry were raised there . When she died in 1997 , mourners laid flowers and tributes outside the palace gates . ` Absolutely beautiful ' On Tuesday , London reverberated with the sound of cannon fire and peals of bells to mark the birth . Shortly before the new baby 's departure from St. Mary 's , Prince Charles stopped by for a brief visit with his first grandchild , accompanied by his wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall . He told reporters it was "  marvelous . " And Catherine 's parents , Carole and Michael Middleton , visited earlier . As grandmothers tend to do , she described her grandbaby as "  absolutely beautiful . " She and her husband were "  so thrilled " about being grandparents . "  It was so exciting . It was fantastic , " said Eliza Wells , one of the well-wishers gathered outside the hospital . "  The crowd erupted , because everyone 's been waiting so long for it . " William and Catherine "  both seemed very relaxed , even with the press there and the crowd , " Wells said . "  They just seemed like a normal couple . " A normal life ? Royal commentators said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will try to give their son as regular an upbringing as possible . But the intense media interest in the birth of the new prince highlights the challenge his parents face in trying to protect his privacy and maintain a degree of normalcy . "  This baby has two things stopping it from being normal , " historian Kate Williams said . "  No. 1 , it lives in a life of incredible wealth and privilege . ... No. 2 , it is an incredible celebrity , and we 've seen this with the coverage . " Opinion : Why I would n't want to be royal baby But Prince William loved that his mother tried to give him as normal a childhood as possible , including trips to the cinema and an amusement park , and sending him to a local private school as a boy . "  And that 's what he wants for little baby Cambridge , " Williams offered . Although the excitement over his birth is not universal , there 's no doubting the level of global interest in the prince . On Monday , there were more than 19 million Facebook interactions related to the royal baby , according to the site . His birth also took Twitter by storm .	The baby , third in line to the British throne , is Prince George of Cambridge The Duke and Duchess are spending private time with their newborn Prince Harry and Queen Elizabeth II visit Kensington Palace to meet the baby Catherine says , "  It 's such a special time , " while William says , "  He 's got her looks , thankfully "
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Shootouts between drug suspects and the military in the Mexican northeastern border state of Tamaulipas have left seven dead and 11 wounded , the government reported . One of the dead and the 11 wounded were Mexican military who were ambushed while on patrol late Thursday night in the cities of Miguel Aleman , Mier and Valadeces , the Notimex news agency reported , citing the nation 's National Defense Department . The cities are along the U.S. border , near McAllen , Texas . The cities also are near Reynosa , Mexico , where the United States closed its consulate Thursday because of recent increased drug violence . The U.S. Consulate also issued a warning "  to advise U.S. citizens of recent gun battles in Reynosa , Mexico , and cities surrounding Reynosa in the last week . " Thursday night 's firefights were the latest in a string of confrontations that some residents say have been going on for at least 10 days . Earlier this week , local news reports said , gunmen in as many as 20 vehicles clashed with members of the Mexican military and municipal police in Ciudad Mier , just west of Reynosa . The daytime gun battle Tuesday reportedly resulted in the abduction of 10 municipal police officers . Video from the scene showed abandoned police sport utility vehicles with bullet holes and broken windows . Shattered glass covered the street against a backdrop of palm trees . A damaged red truck with the insignia CDG -- the Spanish acronym for the Gulf Cartel -- was shown being towed from the shooting scene . In Reynosa , residents told CNN on Thursday that banners purportedly placed throughout the city by the rival Los Zetas drug cartel announced there would be a gunfight at 8 p.m. Residents reported hearing gunshots as early as 7:30 p.m. . After Thursday night 's gunfire , officials say they confiscated 14 vehicles , 29 firearms , 10 hand grenades and more than 1,700 rounds of ammunition of various caliber . On a tour of the border cities , Tamaulipas Gov. Eugenio Hernandez Flores sought to reassure residents that the government is committed to controlling the mayhem . Violence throughout Mexico has exploded since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after assuming office in December 2006 . More than 16,000 people have been killed in drug violence since then . Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , is the most violent city in Mexico and one of the deadliest on earth . The rival Juarez and Sinaloa cartels are fighting for control of the lucrative drug routes into the United States as well street sales within Ciudad Juarez . The cartels also are fighting the Mexican army and federal , state and local police . Mexican officials point out that most of the deaths involve criminals ; few civilians have been killed . In Juarez earlier this month , however , 10 teenagers and five other people were gunned down at a party . Officials said the gunmen belonged to the Juarez cartel and mistakenly believed the partygoers were members of a gang affiliated with the Sinaloa cartel . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefights have been going on for 10 days , residents say One Mexico soldier among the dead Drug suspects ambushed military patrol U.S. closed nearby consulate on Thursday
CNN  Before this week , David Boren did n't need to add to his resume . It was impressive enough already . The 73-year-old University of Oklahoma president was also a former governor , former U.S. senator and Rhodes scholar . Boren has become the face of the school 's stand against racism after a highly visible and passionate condemnation of a video that appears to show Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members chanting a racial epitaph . It started with a bullhorn at a campus rally . "  I have a message for those who have misused their freedom of speech in this way . My message to them is : You 're disgraceful . You have violated every principle that this university stands for . " It continued with a press conference , saying fraternity members had until midnight Tuesday to get out of their house . "  The house will be closed , and as far as I 'm concerned , they wo n't be back , " Boren said , adding that the university is exploring what actions it can take against individual fraternity members . And it extended to network television . "  Sooners are not racists . They 're not bigots , " Boren told CNN in one of his many public reprimands . "  They are people who respect each other and care about each other . " Boren spent nearly 30 years in elected office before becoming the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma in 1994 . He was a U.S. senator from 1979 to 1994 , where he was the longest serving chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Before that , he served four years as Oklahoma 's governor . He campaigned as a reformer , with a broom as his symbol , and when elected , he became the youngest governor in the state . He was 33 at the time . Boren is the first person in Oklahoma history to have served all three positions , according to his university biography . Boren graduated from Yale University in 1963 , in the top one percent of his class . He was selected as a Rhodes scholar and earned a master 's degree in politics , philosophy and economics from Oxford University , England , in 1965 . Boren received his law degree from the University of Oklahoma in 1968 . Both his father , Lyle , and his son , Dan , served in the U.S. House of Representatives . Zero tolerance is the only answer to racism , Boren said . Not just for the school , but the nation . "  It 's not just the Greek system , it 's not just colleges and universities . It 's Ferguson , Missouri . All sorts of elements of our society are involved , " he said . For now , Boren said the school is looking into punishing the individuals involved , especially any of those who led the chants . "  We 're trying to determine if we have enough evidence and if we can meet the federal standards to prevail in court , and , if so , we 'll take action , " Boren said . "  This is not a place that wants racists or bigots on our campus or will tolerate it so I think you have to send a very strong signal . " In the meantime , Boren said he will work with students who are calling for a change , including Unheard , a campus organization that formed in response to the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson . Unheard , along with the university newspaper , anonymously received the video showing the fraternity chant and made it public Boren started meeting with the group in January , well ahead of the SAE video . Both sides described the sessions as "  constructive , " the Washington Post reported Monday . "  They are very constructive . They have very good ideas and we 're going to make it better . We 're determined to make it better , " Boren told CNN .	Boren is the first person in Oklahoma history to serve as governor , senator and OU president He 's the face of the university 's stand against racism
CNN  -- Walking into a Pyongyang hospital room to greet her imprisoned son , Myunghee Bae was overcome with emotion . Talking exclusively to CNN , Bae said it was a "  very happy moment . At the same time , I could not believe he was a prisoner in North Korea ; a new realization . " Bae was granted a five-day visa to North Korea and three short visits with her son , Kenneth ; a total of six hours , in which she says there was not one moment 's silence . "  He said he 's being treated very fairly , " she said . "  He was taken to a special labor camp , so he was the only prisoner , and a whole lot of people have to stay with him , guards and doctors . " Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me Kenneth Bae , an American citizen , was arrested in November of last year and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean regime says he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . His mother says he has a profound love for the country and its people , and any offense he caused was not intentional . "  Always , he wanted to help the people over there , help the country , " she said . "  He always thought that way , but apparently he misunderstood their system , so a lot of things he realized -- he did some harm to their country . " Bae added that her son 's Christian faith was so strong , he wanted to convey his feelings . North Korea is officially an atheist state and has punished missionaries in the past . Although Bae was unable to meet with North Korean officials to plead her son 's case , she wants to make her message to them clear : "  Please give him mercy and give him amnesty to send him home . We apologize as a family on his behalf , but his health can not sustain any longer if he is sent back to the labor camp again . " Kenneth Bae , American imprisoned in North Korea , moved to hospital Bae was forced to work in the camp for three months until his health deteriorated . His mother says his illnesses include diabetes , an enlarged heart , gallstones , back and neck pains , and high cholesterol . Bae says he looked better when she met him than he appeared in the footage of his hospitalization in August . But that brings its own concerns . "  My worst fear is to send him back to the labor camp because his health seems a little bit improved , that 's my worst fear . Because I do n't think his body can endure eight hours labor a day , six days a week . " Previous Americans detained in North Korea have been released when high-profile visitors have traveled to the country to plead their case . Most notably , former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter went on two separate occasions in 2010 . Bae believes her son 's case has not encouraged such attention , as relations between Washington and Pyongyang hit a new low this year . Myunghee Bae says it has been an agonizing 11 months , not only for her , but also for Kenneth Bae 's wife and three children . "  They all had a very hard time , and I think we all as a family felt helpless . We could not do anything for him , only sending letters ... we do n't have any power to bring him home . " The most heart-breaking part of the trip for Bae was leaving Pyongyang and walking out of the hospital without her son . "  It was very hard ; I can not express my pain and my heartache to leave him behind as a prisoner in North Korea . How long will it take to see him again ? "	Myunghee Bae says seeing son at a Pyongyang hospital was a "  very happy moment " She was granted a five-day visa to North Korea and three short visits with Kenneth Bae He was sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor after being found guilty of "  hostile acts " "  Please give him mercy and give him amnesty to send him home , " mother asks government
CNN  -- Ancient Egyptians buried their dead with it . In 1848 , Americans flocked to California to find it . If you 're over 40 , your dentist may have filled your mouth with it . And Germany wants their 674 tons of it back from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . Yes , we 're talking gold . Atomic number 79 in the Periodic Table of the Elements , lustrous metal used for jewelry , valuable substance for electronic circuitry . Where does it come from ? New results from studies of a gamma-ray burst -- an extremely energetic , fast explosion , typically from the distant universe -- suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars , which are kind of like two giant atomic nuclei . CNN : All the world 's gold came from collisions of dead stars Let 's pause for a chemistry refresher . An atom is made of a tightly bound nucleus of protons  positively charged  and neutrons  uncharged  , orbited by electrons  negatively charged  -- a bit like planets orbiting the Sun , except instead of gravity , the electromagnetic force keeps the electrons orbiting the nucleus .  Also the laws of quantum mechanics are important -- but that 's another story . The identity of an atom is determined primarily by the number of protons it has . Gold has 79 protons , hence , its atomic number . That 's one more than platinum , two more than iridium , three less than lead . Scientists think most of the elements lighter than iron  atomic number 26  were forged in the dense cores of stars much heavier than our Sun . At the end of their lifetimes , these stars explode violently in a supernova , dispersing the newly created elements across interstellar space . In fact , most of the elements that make up your body and everything around you -- other than hydrogen and helium , the two lightest elements -- were made by nuclear fusion inside a star somewhere , long before the Earth formed . Physicists and astronomers figured this out in the last century . However , the heavier elements , including precious metals like gold , silver and platinum , or cell phone ingredients like copper , palladium , zinc , beryllium , and , yes , gold , were not made this way . Instead , these elements were forged in stellar explosions , as extra neutrons and protons were propelled into atomic nuclei . Like modern-day alchemists , nuclear physicists can in principle turn lead into gold using particle accelerators and nuclear reactors  although it 's easier to turn mercury into gold  . But do n't get your hopes up . Producing a small amount of gold costs enormously more than it 's worth so this is n't any way to get rich . Obviously , nature makes gold , or miners would n't find it in rocks and streams . But nature does n't manufacture it easily . Indeed , a supernova is more likely to turn gold into lead than the other way around . So now Edo Berger of Harvard University thinks he might know where all this gold came from . Scientists have suspected for a decade that some powerful gamma-ray bursts could result from the collisions of two neutron stars . Because neutron stars are incredibly dense collections of neutrons -- basically , like a bizarre , gigantic , atomic nucleus -- smashing them together is bound to create atoms containing many neutrons and protons , including good old gold . Berger thinks the faint infrared light seen by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope from a gamma-ray burst detected last month by NASA 's Swift gamma-ray space telescope might come from radioactive decay of heavy elements created in the collision . During the collisions , neutrons captured by lighter nuclei should create such radioactive elements , which can then decay into other elements , producing the infrared light he saw . In addition to lead , thorium , and uranium , one of the  minor  by-products should be gold . Could this be where your jewelry came from , the violent collision of two exotic neutron stars ? "  To paraphrase Carl Sagan , " says Berger , "  We are all star stuff , and our jewelry is colliding-star stuff . " So next time you put on that necklace , admire a gilded painting , or talk on your cell phone , pause to remember that it came from rare collisions of neutron stars in deep space . And figure that the next gamma-ray burst we discover might just have made as much gold as there is on Earth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	New studies suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars Meg Urry : Most elements were made by nuclear fusion inside a star , but not precious metals She says the next time you wear gold , remember that it came from deep in space
London , England  CNN  -- Passengers on a British Airways flight from London to Hong Kong got a scare this week when a recorded announcement said the plane was making an emergency landing . The recording , however , was triggered by a computer glitch -- not by an actual emergency -- and the cabin crew immediately told passengers it had been a mistake , a BA spokesman said Friday . "  We would like to apologize to passengers onboard the flight for causing them undue distress , " the airline said in a statement . The Sun newspaper reported it happened as the plane , carrying 275 passengers , was over the North Sea . It quoted one passenger who said people were terrified to hear the recording , which said , "  This is an emergency announcement . We may shortly need to make an emergency landing on water . " CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	The recording said the plane was making an emergency landing Cabin crew immediately told passengers it had been a mistake It happened on a British Airways flight between London and Hong Kong
CNN  -- As historically high flood waters receded in Tennessee on Wednesday , dramatic stories of tragedy and survival emerged , including that of a woman who saw her husband and daughter swept away . Sherry Qualls watched in horror as chest-deep water washed away her husband and daughter as he tried to save the girl from a rushing creek roaring through their backyard in Linden , Tennessee , on Sunday , according to CNN Nashville affiliate WSMV . "  From his neck up , he was staring at me , " Qualls said of her husband Bobby . "  He did n't say anything , just staring at me . She was screaming for her daddy to help her , and then by the time the rescue squad got her , I did n't see them any more . " Their bodies were found the next day , washed almost a mile away , the affiliate reported . "  He was a hero , " Qualls said Wednesday of her husband , who earlier had rescued the couple 's son from floodwaters . "  He sacrificed himself for his kids , that 's what I think . " Surveying the property where her home once stood , Qualls said it 's hard to believe her husband and daughter are gone . "  Every time I drive in the driveway , I see my daughter standing at the door smiling , and him , too , and I expect them to call me and ask where I 'm at , " she said . Linden is located between Nashville and Memphis in western Tennessee . CNN iReporter Nathan Clark went to his father 's house in Dickson , Tennessee -- west of Nashville -- on Saturday to help him salvage possessions as waters from a flooded creek rose on his dad 's property . Clark says they got out just in time . "  The water was at the top of his truck 's hood . " Clark said . "  If we had stayed any longer , we would n't have gotten out of there . " With waters receding on Wednesday , Nashville Mayor Karl Dean announced that most city government offices would reopen Thursday and that city bus service would be restored . Nashville students will have another day off Thursday , though teachers and other staff will return to work . "  The news is largely good , " Dean said at a Wednesday evening press conference . "  We 're making progress and we 'll continue to make progress in the days ahead . " The weekend deluge in the Mid-South has swelled many rivers to historic levels , turned roads to lakes and caused at least 28 deaths . The rains were especially cruel to Tennessee , killing 19 and immersing landmarks like the Grand Ole Opry . Two Nashville residents are still missing , Dean 's office said Wednesday night . President Obama has declared six Tennessee counties major disaster areas , which makes federal funding available to affected residents . Many area waterways remained well past flood level on Wednesday . The Cumberland River , which cuts through Nashville , stood at just over 48 feet on Wednesday evening -- about 13 feet above flood stage -- said Jim Moser , a forecaster with the National Weather Service . On Wednesday afternoon , more more than 100 Nashville firefighters and police officers were going door-to-door on foot in flood-ravaged neighborhoods , checking on residents and providing assistance . Search and rescue teams visited more than 700 homes Wednesday and will visit more Thursday , Dean 's office said . One Nashville neighborhood , Metro Center , remained closed to residents and workers Wednesday because of standing water . The city allowed some business owners and managers to survey their businesses for a few hours in the afternoon but limited access to people in trucks and SUVS and made clear that they entered the area at their own risk . With one of Nashville 's main water treatment plants still closed from flooding , the city asked residents Wednesday to use water only when absolutely necessary , telling them to put off washing dishes and to limit toilet flushing . "  Citizens are using water at a greater rate than we can treat it and pump it out to the community , " said Sonia Harvat , a spokesman for Nashville 's water department , in an e-mail message . City officials said Wednesday that the city would be forced to rely on bottled water unless more people started conserving . Still , flood waters should recede significantly in the next couple of days , the National Weather Service 's Moser said . "  We 're not expecting a significant amount of rain through Monday , " he said . "  It might amount to a quarter or half inch but not enough to affect things . " After an aerial tour of central Tennessee Wednesday , Gov. Phil Bredesen warned residents to beware of con artists looking to capitalize on the flood response . "  There are always people who come in and do these scams of charging people -- and they seem to prey on elderly people an awful lot -- just charging people an awful lot to do something , " Bredesen said . "  They say  ` I 'm going to fix your house , you have to do it or the state 's going to tear it down , and it 's like $ 20,000 . Write me a check or give me cash . ' "	Nineteen deaths reported across state ; at least 28 killed in Southeast City government offices in Nashville to reopen Thursday , city bus service to be restored 100 Nashville firefighters , police officers go door-to-door checking on residents Cumberland River still about 13 feet above flood stage
Editor 's note : Michael Steele is chairman of the Republican National Committee . Michael Steele says it 's becoming clear that the Obama administration is spending money recklessly . CNN  -- Friday marks President Obama 's 200th day in office , and in most respects , his second hundred days as president have been worse than the first 100 . Obama campaigned on bringing "  change " to America , and during his first 200 days as president , his real definition of change is becoming absolutely clear to Americans . Obama and congressional Democrats are determined to conduct their reckless and costly liberal experiments on the American people without any regard to the consequences . Whether a $ 787 billion stimulus bill , a "  cap-and-trade " scheme that is nothing more than a huge national energy tax on every American family and business , or a $ 1.6 trillion government-run health care plan , more and more Americans are rightfully concerned about Obama 's change for this country . Since Obama and Democrats rushed through Congress a $ 787 billion stimulus package , unemployment in America has risen close to 9.5 percent , and every indication is that it will climb even higher when July 's unemployment report is released Friday . In total , more than 2.6 million jobs have been lost since Obama took office . But what has the president 's stimulus bill brought us , if not the jobs he promised ? Wasteful spending , such as $ 18 million to redesign Recovery.gov , the very government Web site used to monitor stimulus spending , or $ 3.4 million for an "  eco tunnel " in Florida designed to provide safe passage for turtles looking to cross the street . This is not the economic stimulus that the American people expected . The second of Obama 's grand experiments on America was his massive so-called cap-and-trade bill that was rammed through the House of Representatives this past June so fast that congressmen were n't given the chance to read it . This bill is nothing more than a national energy tax , plain and simple . Its sole purpose is to increase the cost of energy so that Americans might use less . The Heritage Foundation estimated that it would end up costing the average American family up to $ 1,870 per year and decrease the national GDP by $ 161 billion in the year 2020 . The foundation also determined that during the 2012-2035 timeline , job losses would average more than 1.1 million . Add in the fact that it would do almost nothing to prevent "  climate change , " and all that is left is a national energy tax on environmentally friendly clothing . Obama 's third and final experiment of his first 200 days as president -- and arguably his most dangerous -- is the fundamental transformation of our health care system . Obama is correct about one thing : Our health care system needs reform . Health care today costs too much for families and small businesses , preventing too many Americans from accessing the affordable quality care they need , when they need it . However , the president 's prescription to rein in these costs has little to do with real-world dollars and cents and everything to do with the complete government takeover and control of one-sixth of the U.S. economy . The president claims that more government involvement in health care will promote competition . However , creating such a government-run entity would result in a massive government health care monopoly . Private insurers would soon be put out of business , unable to compete with the subsidized government-run plan the president and liberals want . More than 88 million Americans could be forced out of their current private insurance plans and into the government-run plan , according to a study by the Lewin Group . Obama claims that if you like your current health care , you can keep it , but this is simply not true . Then there is the issue of cost . Despite what the president says , his government-run plan wo n't make health care more affordable . Quite the opposite . Nothing ever becomes cheaper by being more expensive , and the Democrats ' plan would cost at least $ 1.6 trillion , according to an analysis by Roll Call . The Congressional Budget Office determined one of the House Democrats ' plans would add more than $ 200 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years . The president is also planning to cut hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicare and Medicaid to help pay for his government-run health care scheme . This is the epitome of robbing Peter to pay Paul . The president and his Democratic allies have looked to raise taxes on many small businesses to help pay for his government-run health care scheme , a foolish proposition even during the best of times , let alone during a recession . Many small businesses would be hit with a penalty equal to 8 percent of their payroll for failing to provide insurance for their employees . Punishing small-business owners with punitive tax legislation such as this will only increase the unemployment rate and extend the recession . Obama 's first 200 days in office should be seen for exactly what they are : a clear indication of where he intends to direct America during his presidency . It is a direction that places less emphasis on individual entrepreneurs and private creativity and instead places power in the hands of a massive federal bureaucracy . It is a direction that rams massive spending bills through Congress in the name of economic stimulus and job creation , it is a direction that masks a costly job-killing national energy tax in environmentalism , and it is a direction that looks to put federal bureaucracy between patients and their doctors all in the guise of reducing costs and expanding coverage . America simply ca n't afford the president 's experiments . The president has done all this in just 200 days , and there are still more than 1,200 days left in his administration . That 's a frightening thought . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Steele .	Michael Steele : The second hundred days have been worse than the first He says Obama 's programs call for massive spending on liberal priorities Cap-and-trade bill is a disguised energy tax on average Americans , he says He says health care reform would be costly and lead to government control
CNN  -- Was it a theft ? A prank ? A roundabout effort to bring some holiday cheer to the police ? Authorities in Harwich , Massachusetts , are probing the mysterious appearance of a piano , in good working condition , in the middle of the woods . Officer Derek Dutra of the Harwich Police Department examines the mystery piano in the Massachusetts woods . Discovered by a woman who was walking a trail , the Baldwin Acrosonic piano , model number 987 , is intact -- and , apparently , in tune . Sgt. Adam Hutton of the Harwich Police Department said information has been broadcast to all the other police departments in the Cape Cod area in hopes of drumming up a clue , however minor it may be . But so far , the investigation is flat . Also of note : Near the mystery piano -- serial number 733746 -- was a bench , positioned as though someone was about to play . The piano was at the end of a dirt road , near a walking path to a footbridge in the middle of conservation land near the Cape . It took a handful of police to move the piano into a vehicle to transport it to storage , so it would appear that putting it into the woods took more than one person . Asked whether Harwich police will be holding a holiday party in the storage bay -- tickling the ivories , pouring eggnog -- while they await word of the piano 's origin and fate , Hutton laughed . No such plans . Harwich police have had some fun , though . Among the photos they sent to the news media is one of Officer Derek Dutra examining the piano in the woods . The police entitled the photo "  Liberace . " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Woman finds piano in woods near Cape Cod , Massachusetts , while walking a trail Police do n't know where piano came from , who put it there Piano in good working condition , apparently in key
CNN  -- Three people died Thursday when a medical helicopter crashed in western Tennessee , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The helicopter had dropped off a patient in Jackson , Tennessee , and was returning to Brownsville , Tennessee , about 30 miles west of Jackson , when the crash was reported , said FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford . Tennessee Emergency Management Agency spokesman Jeremy Heidt said the crash occurred shortly after 6 a.m. Three people were initially reported to be on board the helicopter , Lunsford said . All three were believed to be fatalities , as the aircraft -- a Eurocopter AS350 -- was burned , he said . Investigators were en route to the scene of the crash , a field near Brownsville , Lunsford said . CNN affiliate WMC-TV said the helicopter was operated by Hospital Wing . The organization identifies itself on its Web site as the Memphis Medical Center 's air ambulance service . Hospital Wing said in a statement , reported by WMC-TV , that the crash occurred just east of Brownsville , and that three crew members and no patients were on board . The National Transportation Safety Board and the FAA are investigating , the statement said . "  Nothing like this has ever happened in our history , " Allen Burnette , Hospital Wing 's director and chief operating officer , said in the statement . "  A weather report said there were thunderstorms in the area , but that they had passed , Lunsford said . "  The big weather system moving through had stopped a few moments before . " Officials believe the helicopter was operating under a visual flight rules plan and not communicating with air traffic controllers , he said . Visual Flight Rules , or VFR , mean a flight is conducted under visual conditions . "  There are operating guidelines in any aviation operation , but ultimately the pilot is responsible for  the  safety of  the  aircraft and deciding whether to go forward or not , " Lunsford said . Hospital Wing was founded in 1985 , the group 's statement said , and is a nonprofit air medical transport service with direct alliances with the Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare , Baptist Memorial Hospital , The MED , St. Francis Hospital in Memphis and Crittenden Memorial Hospital in West Memphis , Arkansas . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Helicopter dropped off a patient in Jackson , Tennessee , and was returning to Brownsville Three crew members , no patients were on board Officials think copter was using visual flight rules , not communicating controllers
CNN  -- The premise of social discovery seems simple : Uncover the people and events around you , in real time , based on user interests and/or locations . But many worry today 's social apps define privacy in very different and sometimes concerning terms . In 2012 , Instagram revamped its privacy policy to much protest , and Path settled a case with the FTC over its personal information collection practices . As more of these social discovery applications emerge , two concepts remain key : user discretion and transparency . SEE ALSO : 10 Free iPhone Apps You 'll Use Every Day On the other hand , some users subsets are growing into the new social media landscape , when it comes to privacy . According to "  Teens , Social Media and Privacy , " a report issued last month by Pew Internet , teens are sharing more information about themselves on social media sites than they have in the past , but they 're also taking a variety steps to manage the privacy of that information . The report indicates that 91 % have posted a photo of themselves  compared to 79 % in 2006  ; 20 % share their cellphone numbers  compared to 2 % in 2006  , and 16 % automatically include location in their posts  very rarely an option at all in 2006  . Only 9 % say they are very concerned about third parties accessing their data . For one , social media user Jordan Kaneshiro of Honolulu , Hawaii is wary of all things location-based . "  It 's one thing to throw a quick status on Facebook or update at the end of the day , but constant updates on where you are or where someone else is does n't really add value to my life , " he says . "  The only good use case is if I 'm out and about and have nothing better to do . -LSB- I -RSB- find out someone I know is close , so we can hang out . " We gleaned some insight from developers behind three very different location-based discovery apps -- Imo.im , Highlight and Banjo -- along with their users , to find out whether the value of sharing outweighs the apps ' "  TMI " factors . We asked how they aim to make privacy settings more transparent than in years past . Imo.im -- a communication tool to call , message and create chat groups with existing friends -- recently launched a new broadcasts channel , where users connect with like-minded people and groups . The app targets specific users based on their locations , interests and in-app interactions . Imo.im CEO Ralph Harik says user transparency was key in developing a trustworthy and safe resource , where users would be comfortable sharing with one another . "  Often with new technology , there is a bit of hesitation from users who do n't understand how to use it , and what is and is n't okay , " he tells Mashable . "  Since we started developing the Imo network , we 've focused on creating policies that are transparent to our users , as well as building out a user support and safety team . " On Imo , users can block messages from certain people and hide their availability from people not in their contacts . They also have the option to turn broadcasts off and on . In response to users still wary about exposing too much information or sharing with people they do n't know , Harik says they can access people they may not be able to otherwise . "  Broadcasts are quite a mixed bag . Because they 're public and anyone can post them , it 's not uncommon to see some very strange people talking about very strange things , " "  Broadcasts are quite a mixed bag . Because they 're public and anyone can post them , it 's not uncommon to see some very strange people talking about very strange things , " says Imo user Dan Hlavenka of Elmhurst , Ill. "  However , the vast majority of posts I 've seen have been really cool . Usually , I 'll see people sharing interesting recipes or cool new music , or debating political issues . " To reduce unwanted conversations , Imo broadcasts utilize "  communication points , " which help users avoid unwanted attention . If a user does n't have you in his or her contact list , it will cost you points to message them . Earn points by inputting data about yourself , linking social media accounts and inviting others to join the network . "  I 'm more than happy to share plenty of details about myself , " Hlavenka says . "  But when comes to personally identifying information , I 'm a lot more wary . " Social discovery app Highlight alerts you when other users or friends are nearby . By giving you the ability to see exactly where they are via map , you also have access to their names , photos , mutual friends , social networks and interests in common . "  The premise sounds really cool : sifting through the people around you to help leverage social networks . But I find it creepy , " says Highlight user Katherine Stewart of Richmond , Va. "  I think it would be cool in a city like New York or Chicago . In Richmond , there were n't very many users , so you would see the same people every day pop up . " While Highlight founder and CEO Paul Davison sees the app as a "  bird 's eye view of the world , " he says it is going to take awhile to figure out social norms as more products use new technology for sharing . "  Any time a new piece of technology comes out , it has never been an option before , so it might be uncomfortable at first , " Davison says . "  But over time , the social benefits outweigh the cost of privacy ... Look what happened with Facebook , LinkedIn , Twitter and Foursquare . " In turn , he says , users can manage their privacy settings by limiting their profiles to who can find you , and where , even electing "  hiding spots " that let them go "  off the grid . " "  The service is entirely opt-in ; everyone has chosen to do it , " Davison says . Combining location and social updates , Banjo delivers publicly available posts from social networks -- Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Foursquare , LinkedIn and Google + -- from any location in the world , whether from your friends and common connections , or the general public . Users can find posts from specific locations by entering a keyword , something Banjo founder and CEO Damien Patton calls a "  there " instead of "  here " experience . A recent app update added channels  sports , music , news , etc.  , which allow people to observe live events around the world . Or if you missed it , go back in time and see everything that was posted for the event . An additional Banjo feature alerts users when friends from their social networks are nearby , an in-app commodity that , according to Patton , everyone should be doing . He would n't categorize Banjo in the "  social discovery " realm , though , because it 's more location-focused , something he says you ca n't really talk about without mentioning privacy . "  You have to give the user full control of how they adjust their privacy , " he says . "  We check the privacy settings you have on every social network connected , so that posts are shared with the intended audience only ... Banjo never shows your location unless you want it to . " He explains that a user 's location is determined by his vicinity or region , not his exact position , and that users have control and power over how much they want to share . "  As long as my location is never more accurate than the name of the city I 'm in , I do n't find it creepy at all , " says Hlavenka . "  I do n't particularly care that a lot of the people I talk to are relative strangers . As long as they 've got something interesting to say , I 'm happy to listen . " Are you satisfied with the privacy options on your favorite social networks ? Do social discovery apps get a pass due to their very nature ? Share your opinions on social media privacy in the comments below . This article originally appeared on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Many worry new apps define privacy too loosely Studies show people are sharing more on social media Social app creators say people are always wary of new technology Combining location and social posts can give away life info
CNN  In her 40 years living in Rochelle , Illinois , Cathy Olson had never seen a tornado that big . "  I saw the top of the funnel cloud , and it was absolutely massive , " she said . She watched the hulking gray twister grind past her town Thursday , tearing up its fringes . Farther north , in the rural Illinois hamlet of Fairdale , one person died as a twister shredded homes and ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs . Only the thickest branches remained standing . It was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns . Rochelle was fortunate . But in nearby Kirkland , debris was so thick on the roads , responders searching for trapped residents could not yet assess the damage or injuries , fire officials said . On Thursday , a video surfaced on YouTube of a massive twister barreling across an open field , barely missing farmhouses and barns . Images of the funnel turned up elsewhere on social media . Multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday . A large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa . And a twister touched down 70 miles outside of St. Louis . Eight tornadoes were reported Wednesday in Oklahoma , Kansas and Missouri , the Storm Prediction Center said . But it appears residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the terrifying weather spectacle alive . Hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on Ashton , Illinois . It could have been worse as severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of Chicago and Rockford -- the state 's third largest city . The tornado cut a 22-mile path through Ogle County , according to disaster management coordinator Tom Richter . North of Rochelle , a tornado took away a local favorite restaurant -- Grubsteakers . "  It 's kind of one of your little greasy spoon restaurants , " said Eric Widick , who drove up in his truck to help out . "  We 're a community . If one person is in need , we 'll all be there for them . " People were inside when the storm quashed Grubsteakers and turned over a semitruck parked outside . No one was killed or seriously injured , Widick said . Although a patron who found shelter in a restroom was trapped inside for about half an hour . People had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 25 years and will miss it , Widick said . In Rochelle , the tornado flattened some of Olson 's friends ' homes . A safe distance away from it , at her mother 's house , she had to think about her husband , Chet , who was reelected mayor of the town of about 10,000 people the day before . He 'd have a job ahead of him . "  I have not been able to get a hold of him , Olson said , "  but I know he 's in touch with the sheriff and is safe , " she said . Sheriff Brian VanVickle told journalists late Thursday that the tornado had spared life and limb in Ogle County aside from some people whose injuries were easily treatable . The county lost 20 homes -- one of them was his own . Fifty to 100 houses had significant damage , he said . Only foundations remained of some homes , said storm chaser Dan Gottschalk . "  You can hear the hissing everywhere from where the structures used to be , " he said . Lindsey Clark , a reporter from CNN affiliate WREX , said rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the Rochelle area . VanVickle was newly elected sheriff of Rochelle on Wednesday . On Thursday , the storm took his house and his sister-in-law 's . "  I 've got the clothes on my back , " he said . But his family was n't at home when it hit . "  My family was on the way to Louisville , dog was in the basement and she survived . " It was the first tornado the sheriff had ever seen in his county . "  I 've lived here all my life , am the fifth generation in the county . My mom said this is the first time she 's ever seen a tornado . " He is thankful that the National Weather Service warned one could come . That saved lives , he believes . The service warned of a "  particularly dangerous situation . " People across the Midwest should be on alert for severe weather . Tornado watches were set to run out early Friday . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Catherine Shoichet , Greg Botelho , Dave Alsup , Steve Almasy , Jack Maddox and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	At least one person died as a result of storms in Illinois , an official says Fire department : Rescuers searching for trapped victims in Kirkland , Illinois
Schertz , Texas  CNN  -- Two moments have changed Eddie Canales ' life . Both occurred on the football field . The first happened nearly a decade ago . It was November 2 , 2001 , and Canales was watching his son 's football game in San Marcos , Texas . Chris Canales , a high school senior , had three offers to play college football , and that night , he was having the game of his life . With four minutes left in the fourth quarter , he made a touchdown-saving tackle . But something went wrong . "  I could hear my teammates saying , ` Chris , come on , let 's go , ' " Chris , now 26 , remembered . "  And I could n't move . " At the hospital , doctors told Eddie and his wife that their son had suffered a spinal cord injury . If Chris survived , he 'd probably never be able to move anything below his shoulders . Chris nearly died twice during those early days . But his condition stabilized , and Eddie quit his job to become his full-time caregiver . The family adjusted to their new circumstances , but Eddie , 55 , said it was n't easy . "  You do n't want to even think that your son may never walk again , " he said . "  That was a hard pill to swallow . " Near the first anniversary of his injury , Chris was struggling with depression . To cheer him up , Eddie invited him out to do something he 'd always enjoyed -- watching high school football . It was the first time Chris had been out to watch a game since his injury . But that afternoon , as they watched from the stands , the unthinkable happened : A player went down and lay immobilized on the field . Eddie and Chris knew immediately that it was a spinal cord injury . "  Chris turned to me and said , ` Dad , we 've got to go help him , ' " Eddie recalled . In that moment , Eddie 's life changed again : He found his mission . He and Chris visited the injured player and his family in the hospital , and within months , Gridiron Heroes -- a nonprofit that helps athletes who 've suffered spinal cord injuries while playing high school football -- was born . It 's a fraternity that now includes 19 injured players in Texas . Many spinal injury organizations raise money for medical research . But from the start , Eddie wanted to provide emotional support to injured athletes and their families . Whenever a new player joins the group , he and Chris drive to visit them no matter where they live in the state . Eddie helps the families face myriad emotional , financial and practical issues , while Chris encourages and mentors the athletes . "  We try to provide information , inspiration and hope , " Eddie said . "  We want to make sure they do n't feel alone . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes The National Center for Catastrophic Injury Research reports that 79 high school football players suffered spinal cord injuries in the United States between 2000 and 2009 . While these injuries occur at all levels of the game , Eddie says that high school athletes are much more likely to suffer extreme financial hardship . "  Someone injured on a professional level is going to be taken care of , " he said . "  But on a high school level , it 's a totally different story . " In the first year alone , these injuries can cost from $ 240,000 to well over $ 800,000 , according to the National Spinal Cord Injury Statistical Center . When schools or school districts do n't have a catastrophic injury policy -- as was the case with Chris Canales and Nat Little , another Gridiron Hero -- injured athletes can receive as little as $ 10,000 to cover expenses . Eddie says that even when schools and families do have insurance , the deductibles and out-of-pocket costs can be crushing to a family . While Gridiron Heroes was n't started to give families financial support , Eddie devotes a lot of time to this issue . He helps families organize their own fundraising efforts , and Gridiron Heroes often pitches in when there 's a specific need . The group has helped buy wheelchairs and wheelchair-accessible vehicles , and it has also helped remodel homes , installing wheelchair ramps and wheelchair-accessible bathrooms . Every month , Eddie also sends each family a $ 100 Walmart gift card to help buy necessary supplies . Eddie and Chris work on the prevention side , too . They drive more than 1,000 miles every month to meet with football coaches and trainers at conferences around the country . Their goal is to raise awareness about their work and encourage coaches to teach proper hitting technique , which reduces the chances of head and spinal cord injuries . Gridiron Heroes is a father-son partnership -- a labor of love for Chris and Eddie , neither of whom receive compensation for their efforts . While Chris is deeply committed to their mission , he 's quick to acknowledge that Eddie does the lion 's share of the work . "  We get calls nationwide ... all hours of the night and day , and he wo n't turn anybody down , " Chris said . "  Behind the scenes , he gets everything done . " The elder Canales gets it done from his easy chair in the living room , via his cell phone and laptop . It 's a location that not only allows him to be within earshot of Chris , who still depends on him for care , but makes it easy for him to keep up with the latest scores on his big-screen TV . The rest of the Gridiron Heroes share Canales ' passion for sports , so get-togethers often involve a game of some kind . The activity of choice ? Going to a football game . "  I get the question a lot : ` How can you still support the game of football ? ' " Eddie said . "  Well , that game is what brings them together . " His son agrees . "  We 're a band of brothers , " he said . "  Our biggest bond is football . " Web extra : Crippling injuries do n't dim players ' love of football Eddie stresses that he is n't trying to deter anyone from playing football . In fact , the father and son believe that the discipline and can-do attitude instilled in Chris by his coaches helped him to recover and even regain some movement in his arms . "  We still love the game of football , " Eddie said . "  But we need to do a better job to help these young men when this does happen . ... We want to make sure these kids are not forgotten . " Word about Gridiron Heroes has spread around the country in the last couple of years , and more than 40 families from outside Texas have reached out to Eddie . Someday , he hopes to set up a national network , with branches to help the injured players in each state . He also wants to establish a fund in Texas to support high school players who suffer severe injuries . Until then , he will continue his personal crusade to support these athletes and their families . Helping these young men -- whom he calls his heroes -- has become his life 's work . "  They 've never quit . They 've never given up , " he says . "  That 's what keeps me pushing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Gridiron Heroes website at www.gridironheroes.org and see how to help .	Eddie Canales is helping teens who have suffered spinal cord injuries on the football field Gridiron Heroes provides emotional and financial support to the players and their families Canales ' son Chris was paralyzed years ago , but he still helps his father 's cause Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents and producers share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and Stan Wilson visited San Quentin for "  Black in America : The Black Man " which rebroadcasts tonight at 8 p.m. ET . "  I want to have everything that an average American would want , " said Chris Shurn who served time in prison . OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Chris Shurn walked out of San Quentin Prison in June after serving four years of hard time for possession of crack cocaine and a weapon charge . He joined at least 3,000 men paroled each year in Oakland , California , where the recidivism rate is more than 50 percent . When our documentary team first met Shurn inside San Quentin in 2008 , he considered himself one of the lucky ones . At 21 , he entered prison with a fourth-grade education , but left with a GED certificate and was only a few semesters short of earning an associate degree . Shurn told us there were few role models around him as a kid . He said his father left home before he entered the first grade , his mother was a crack addict and he was surrounded by a lot of violence . Ironically , San Quentin is where Shurn met the kind of role models he said he needed to break the cycle of incarceration . His hard work and determination to change caught the eye of Everett Highbaugh , who runs a program called Project Choice . Twice a week , Highbaugh goes into San Quentin with the goal of transforming men like Shurn from drug entrepreneurs to business entrepreneurs . Upon his release , Shurn replaced his dreadlocks and prison uniform with casual attire and a neatly manicured haircut . He said he felt relieved after the harsh conditions of prison life , but said he struggles every day in his Oakland neighborhood to resist the temptations of making easy money by selling crack cocaine . "  I want to have a family . I want to own a house . I want to have everything that an average American would want ; a good-paying job , a career , " he said . But the odds are against him . Nearly 1 million black men are behind bars , an especially crippling blow to black communities , where one in three black men will have a prison record in their lifetimes . They leave behind communities filled with fear , broken families and a generation of vulnerable children . After Shurn left San Quentin , Highbaugh was in contact with him twice a week and helped him land a part-time job at Goodwill Industries . At Goodwill , Shurn spent 30 hours a week in a labor-intensive job , stacking goods and preparing them for shipment . "  I remember reading a lot of these very same books in prison , " said Shurn as he was busy working . He was grateful to have a job , but frustrated because it paid so little , $ 7 an hour . That job lasted only a few months . When we caught up with him in January , he had been unemployed for a while . As he sat in Oakland 's Oracle Arena watching the inauguration of President Barack Obama , he wondered how he was going to help support his girlfriend and her daughter and earn enough tuition money to continue working toward his degree . Shurn has moved a few times , but is still hoping for success , still fighting against long odds , particularly in a severely debilitated job market . He 's hopeful that his hard work and the skills he learned through Project Choice will be a much better alternative than making easy money on the street -- a certain pathway back to prison . "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " said Shurn . "  Instead of waking up every day and going to a 9-to-5 ; I used to wake up and go outside and sell some drugs and have my money for a whole week . " "  It crosses my mind , but I got to a point where I 'm disciplined and do n't need to venture into it . " A few weeks ago , Shurn was hired as a courier for a local printing business . The job pays $ 9 per hour ; $ 2 more than his previous job . He says the new job wo n't be enough to pay all the bills , but his goal is to build a rsum so future employers will take a chance on an ex-convict who 's trying to recover from a mistake that cost him four years of his life .	Chris Shurn served four years in San Quentin Prison Shurn earned a GED and nearly completed an associate degree in prison He currently makes $ 9 per hour as a courier and hopes to return to college "  Every day of my life , with or without work , I feel vulnerable , " says Shurn
The checkered career of scandal-hit former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn is set to take another turn , with the news Friday that he is to become an economic adviser to the Serbian government . The appointment will be announced next week , an official in the Serbian Deputy Prime Minister 's Office told CNN . She was not named in line with government policy . "  The exact details still have to be worked out , but we will have more information on Tuesday , " the official said . "  Mr. Strauss-Kahn will come to Serbia from time to time , but I do n't think he will live here . " Asked why the government had chosen Strauss-Kahn , she said , "  Because he is an expert in the field of economics . " The government declined to give out any more details ahead of Tuesday 's announcement . Strauss-Kahn , once considered a likely candidate for the French presidency , resigned as head of the International Monetary Fund in 2011 after being charged with sexually assaulting a New York City maid . All sexual assault charges against him related to the maid were later dismissed at the request of a prosecutor . Strauss-Kahn : A reputation battered by sex allegations More than a year later , in December 2012 , Strauss-Kahn reached a settlement with the maid , the terms of which were not released . He told CNN 's Richard Quest in an interview in July that he had opted to "  pay and go on with my life , " rather than spend more in legal fees fighting the civil case . The 64-year-old told CNN he sometimes gives advice for free to less economically developed countries and had recently been working with the government of South Sudan . In France , Strauss-Kahn is among a number of people charged with aggravated pimping in an investigation into sex parties at the Hotel Carlton , in the northern city of Lille . CNN affiliate BFM-TV said a trial was likely to be held next year . Strauss-Kahn did not deny attending the parties , his lawyers said , but he said he did not know that the young women at the parties were being paid for sex .	Deputy Prime Minister 's Office official : He 'll work with government on economic affairs The appointment will be announced Tuesday , the Serbian official says He resigned as IMF chief in 2011 after being charged with sexual assault in New York The charges in New York were eventually dropped , and Strauss-Kahn settled a civil case
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "  praying " that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children 's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi applauds after signing the State Children 's Health Insurance legislation Friday . "  The tide is going a different way than a presidential veto would reflect , " Pelosi , a California Democrat , said . "  It was with great friendship that I reached out to the president this morning to say that I was still praying that he would have a change of heart and sign this legislation . " "  I think I have to pray a little harder , but I will not give up , " Pelosi said . Pelosi 's comments came a day after the Senate voted 67-29 for the measure , which would expand the State Children 's Health Insurance program by up to 4 million children . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino on Friday said Bush still intends to veto the bill when it arrives at his desk . Perino also said the disagreement between Congress and the White House was a simple policy difference , not "  about who cares about children more than the other . " "  The president is saying , ` Let 's take care of the neediest children first , let 's not put scarce federal dollars toward a program that was meant for the poorest children and let it creep up to middle-income families with incomes up to $ 83,000 a year , ' " Perino said . Bush and many Republicans contend that the program 's original intent -- to give parents who make too much to qualify for Medicaid but not enough to buy private insurance coverage for their children -- would be changed under the current bill , prompting parents to wind up dropping private coverage their children already have to get cheaper coverage under the bill . Perino also objected that the rhetoric surrounding the SCHIP bill has become too heated . "  I think it is preposterous for people to suggest the president of the United States does n't care about children , that he wants children to suffer , " Perino said . The bill enjoys bipartisan support . Eighteen Republican senators Thursday night joined all the Democrats in voting for expanding the popular program from its current annual budget of $ 5 billion to $ 12 billion for the next five years . Four senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Sam Brownback of Kansas and Democrats Joseph Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois -- did not vote . With the current program scheduled to expire Saturday , the White House encouraged Congress to send the president a continuing resolution extending the program . "  We should take this time to arrive at a more rational , bipartisan SCHIP reauthorization bill that focuses on children in poor families who do n't currently have insurance , rather than raising taxes to cover people who already have private insurance , " Perino added . Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah was among those Republicans who split from the president . "  It 's very difficult for me to be against a man I care so much for , " he told his colleagues on the Senate floor prior to the vote . "  It 's unfortunate that the president has chosen to be on what , to me , is clearly the wrong side of this issue . " Though 67 votes in the 100-person chamber would suffice to overturn a veto , the House version , which was approved Tuesday , fell short of the two-thirds majority needed to override a veto . E-mail to a friend	House Speaker Pelosi "  praying " that president has change of heart on bill Measure expanding kids ' health insurance program passed Senate Bush objects to measure expanding coverage beyond just poor children White House says expansion would cover children from middle-class families
New York  CNN  -- Nine Septembers have come and gone and yet , the many days that separate America now from a chilling day in its history did not dull remembrance Saturday . Once again , the nation paused in silence to mark the times when hijacked jets crashed into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , and nearly 3,000 lives were lost in a matter of minutes . But this year , a national debate over a proposed Islamic center near ground zero hovered over the day 's heart-stopping sorrow , and the president once again pleaded for the tolerance that has come to define America . Rallies in favor of and against the center were held later in the day . At Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park , adjacent to the September 11 memorial site , thousands gathered , wanting to be as close as they could to hallowed ground . As has become customary , the names of the 2,752 who perished at the World Trade Center were read out aloud -- each belonging to a mother or father , son or daughter , husband or wife , a friend , or even a stranger . "  We have returned to this sacred site to join our hearts together with the names of those we loved and lost , " said New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg at the start of the ceremony . "  No other public tragedy has cut our city so deeply , " he said . "  No other place is as filled with our compassion , our love , and our solidarity . " Silence befell New York at 8:46 a.m. , the time when the first plane struck the North Tower . Another moment of quiet followed a few minutes later , at 9:03 a.m. , when a second jet pierced through the South Tower . Shortly after the second moment of silence , Vice President Joe Biden read a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . "  Build today , then strong and sure with a firm and ample base ; and ascending and secure shall tomorrow find its place . " With each toll of the bell , an emotional chord struck hearts . Family members stepped forward to talk about those who were lost . And with each word , hot tears rolled down cheeks . A woman remembered her mother , Larissa Ceylon Taylor . "  Although I was 11 years old when you passed , you were my best friend and the greatest mom . We all love you and we miss you . God bless you , Mom . I love you . " Another spoke of her sister , Deborah Ann Dimartino . "  We will hold you close to our hearts . " And a brother , Christopher Epps , who was a Star Wars fan . "  Christopher , so handsome and , oh , so fine . With a heart of gold , why , oh why did you have to leave us behind ? And I said to myself , I know why . God was looking for a captain of a ship , someone who qualifies as a jedi . So go on , dear brother , do n't be shy . Your ship awaits you with 2,000 and more to stand by your side , to travel with you on your journey into the sky . May the force be with you , Christopher Epps . We love you and you are embedded in our hearts forever . " In his weekly address , President Barack Obama highlighted the scope of America 's loss . "  We think about the milestones that have passed over the course of nine years -- births and christenings , weddings and graduations -- all with an empty chair , " he said . "  On this day , we also honor those who died so that others might live : the firefighters and first responders who climbed the stairs of two burning towers ; the passengers who stormed a cockpit ; and the men and women who have , in the years since , borne the uniform of this country and given their lives so that our children could grow up in a safer world , " Obama said . Later , Obama laid a wreath at the Pentagon , where American Airlines Flight 77 struck and killed 184 people , and sounded again a message of tolerance , keenly aware that this anniversary was cast under a different light . Beyond the outpouring of grief on this day lay rising anti-Muslim sentiment and furious controversy over a proposed Islamic center two blocks away from where the World Trade Center once soared . It 's an issue that has even split the families and survivors of the 2001 attacks . New York police beefed up security as Americans voiced their opinions Saturday afternoon at rallies over the site . Speakers in favor of the location reminded the nation that Muslims , too , were among the victims of the September 11 attacks and that anti-Islamic sentiment in America is the result of misguided wrath . "  Unity yes , racism no , " the demonstrators chanted . Shortly afterward , opponents held their own gathering , chanting "  No Mosque " and "  USA " as speakers decried the plans and said the nation should n't forget the terrorist attack on September 11 . Attorney General Eric Holder vowed the Justice Department would continue "  working tirelessly to combat terrorism in all its forms and to hold accountable all those responsible for the September 11 attacks in a manner that is consistent with our nation 's values . " Holder spoke Saturday at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington . He paid tribute to the 72 law enforcement officers killed that day . "  This work goes on , and it will always remain my highest priority , " Holder said . "  Let us take their dream of a world that is better , safer and more just and make it our own . " Obama reiterated that America is not at war with Islam but with al Qaeda 's "  sorry band of men which perverts religion . " "  They may wish to drive us apart but we will not give in to their hatred and prejudice , " he said . "  The perpetrators of this evil act did n't simply attack America , they attacked the very idea of America itself . "  And so the highest honor we can pay those we lost , indeed our greatest weapon in this ongoing war , is to do what our adversaries fear the most -- to stay true to who we are as Americans , to renew our sense of common purpose , to say that we define the character of our country and we will not let the acts of some small band of murderers who slaughter the innocent and cower in caves distort who we are , " he said . Fueling further controversy , a Florida pastor had threatened to burn a Quran on this fateful day . But just before the ceremonies began , the Rev. Terry Jones said he was canceling the Quran burning planned for 6 p.m. "  We will definitely not burn the Quran , " Rev. Terry Jones told NBC 's "  Today " on Saturday . "  Not today , not ever . " In Shanksville , first lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Laura Bush led the commemoration for the victims of Flight 93 , which crashed and burned as passengers and crew fought hijackers determined to strike the U.S. Capitol . "  I come here as an American , filled with a sense of awe at the heroism of my fellow citizens , " Michelle Obama said . "  I come as a wife , a daughter , and a sister , heartbroken at the loss so many of you have endured . " Laura Bush said the hijackers of United Flight 93 had other targets in mind , but the crash spot near Shanksville "  was chosen by the passengers , who spared our country from even greater horrors . " Before his wife 's comments , George W. Bush issued a statement recalling the day that came to shape his presidency . "  On September 11 , 2001 , Americans awoke to evil on our shores , " he said . "  We recall the many acts of heroism on that day , and we honor those who work tirelessly to prevent another attack . " In New York , the ninth September 11 anniversary was also different in another way : for the first time people gathered amid signs of rebirth rising from the ashes . Next year , on this day , a new memorial is expected to open and on Saturday , the families of those who died were able to see some tangible progress of the structures that are being erected to honor their loved ones . The planned memorial includes six skyscrapers , a museum , two waterfalls in the footprints of the twin towers , a performance center and a rail terminal . The first 16 oak trees of more than 400 that will line the memorial have already been planted . They will surround the acre-size waterfalls around which will be the names of the dead , etched in bronze . Earlier this week , workers installed two 50-ton steel columns that once ringed the north tower at what will be the entrance to the memorial and museum . And there is a reflecting pool , around which police , firefighters and dignitaries gathered , and later throngs of people stopped to toss a solitary long-stemmed rose . By the time the ceremonies came to a close Saturday , it had turned into to a plush blanket of bloom . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Naima Pettigrew contributed to this report .	NEW : War on terrorism will continue , attorney general says Rallies held in favor of , against Islamic center near ground zero Americans mark the times when the planes crashed with solemn silence At the Pentagon ceremony , Obama makes a plea for religious tolerance
CNN  -- State and federal authorities are investigating the apparent double homicide of two Coast Guard members who were shot dead on an island off Alaska 's coast , prompting the lockdown of their base and at least one nearby school . It 's possible that the shooter , or shooters , remain at large , according to a Coast Guard statement . "  We 're treating this as a double homicide , " said FBI spokesman Eric Gonzalez , who noted that the slayings occurred inside the Coast Guard Communications Station Kodiak . Coast Guard investigators , island police , state troopers and the FBI are investigating the incident . "  We are deeply saddened that we lost two shipmates , " Capt. Jesse Moore said in a news release . "  This is a rare occurrence , and we are going to do everything possible to ensure we find out exactly what happened . " The victims have not yet been identified by name . Their base is on what the city of Kodiak 's website calls the second-largest island in the United States , situated in the Gulf of Alaska about 250 miles southwest of Anchorage . The borough of Kodiak Island has about 13,600 people , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The Coast Guard facility normally houses about 60 people . "  It 's definitely the topic of conversation right now , " said Cheryl Montgomery , a manager at Henry 's Great Alaskan Restaurant . "  The town 's people are very much on edge here . " Montgomery said that her restaurant remained abuzz Friday with rumors of who may have carried out the shootings , though "  nobody knows what 's actually going on . " "  There 's so many weird and bizarre stories running around right now , " she said . City Manager Aimee Kniaziowski said her office has not been instructed to take additional security precautions . "  We 're just conducting our business until we 're told otherwise , " she said . The small town is reeling from the loss , she added , calling the killings "  devastating . " Peterson Elementary School , which is on Coast Guard property in Kodiak , went into lockdown mode around 8:30 a.m.  12:30 p.m. ET  after school leaders got a call from military police , Principal Beth Cole said . By 11 a.m. , they shifted to "  lock in " mode , allowing for more movement within the school , though lunch was still delivered to students in class as a precaution , Cole said . No people were allowed in and out of the building all day . Three other elementaries , one middle school and one high school on the island were also affected , school district Superintendent Stewart McDonald said . Those schools were on "  lock in " status starting at 11:30 a.m. so that activities could continue as normal , except for the fact that no one could enter or leave the buildings . At the time , Kodiak High School was hosting an Alaska Association of Student Government meeting involving youths from around the state . All restrictions for the district 's roughly 2,200 students were called off about 1 p.m. after state troopers called school officials and said that operations could return to normal , according to McDonald . CNN 's Alta Spells contributed to this report .	Schools on Kodiak island were given the all-clear at 1 p.m. , an official says Two Coast Guard members are killed at their station on that island in the Gulf of Alaska The Coast Guard has given few details , saying it 's trying to find out what happened
CNN  -- The president of the Ivory Coast is urging the International Criminal Court to investigate major crimes committed in his country after a disputed November election sparked a political standoff that left hundreds dead . In a letter posted on the court 's website Wednesday , President Alassane Ouattara asked for an "  independent and impartial investigations into the most serious crimes committed " after the presidential poll . Ouattara has been in power since the April arrest of incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo , who defied international calls to step down after he lost the election . Hundreds died in the ensuing standoff , according to rights groups . Human rights investigators said this month that they have found a total of 10 mass graves near the commercial capital of Abidjan . Human Rights Watch has said forces loyal to both leaders killed or raped citizens , burned homes and kidnapped civilians during the standoff . The president asked the international court to ensure those with the "  greatest criminal responsibility " for the crimes are brought to justice . He made the request in a letter to Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo this month , the court said . Perpetrators will be brought to justice , according to the international court based in The Hague , Netherlands . "  Since the upsurge of violence following the second-round of the presidential election ... the office of the prosecutor has carefully examined all crime allegations and repeatedly reminded the political and military leaders of Cote d'Ivoire that the most serious crimes falling under the court 's jurisdiction will not remain unpunished , " the court said in a statement . On Monday , the criminal court sought the arrest of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and two relatives , linking them to "  widespread and systematic " attacks on civilians as they struggle to hold power in the North African nation . And the court has accused two prominent Kenyan politicians -- Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta and member of Parliament William Ruto -- and four others of multiple counts of crimes against humanity for the bloody post-election violence that wracked Kenya in late 2007 and early 2008 .	President Alassane Ouattara urges an "  independent and impartial " probe He has been in power since the April arrest of strongman Laurent Gbagbo Forces loyal to both leaders killed hundreds during election standoff , rights group say
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy reclaimed golf 's No. 1 ranking without lifting a club after Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald finished down the field in 37th at the RBC Heritage on Sunday . Donald needed a top-eight finish to hold off the Northern Irishman but a four-over-par 75 in the opening round put him on the back foot straight away and he eventually finished 16 shots behind the winner , Carl Pettersson of Sweden . McIlroy took the week off following a disappointing showing at the Masters , traveling to Copenhagen to support his tennis-playing girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki at her home tournament . The Dane 's bid for a third successive title in the event ended in defeat in Sunday 's final . McIlroy is next scheduled to play at the PGA Tour 's Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow , beginning May 3 -- a tournament he won in 2010 . " # 1 again without touching a golf club this week ... . I wish it was that easy ! " the 22-year-old tweeted on Sunday . Donald and McIlroy have swapped places three times this year already . The Englishman 's latest stint at the top lasted four weeks . "  Is it a concern ? No , " Donald said . "  Obviously , I 'd have liked to have played a bit more consistently this year . I built it up nicely last year through tournaments and winning a bunch . " Donald made the cut at the RBC Heritage with a second-round 69 but finished the tournament with two level-par rounds to end up on two over . "  Not my best week , getting used to leaving this place ranked # 2 . Nice week off now , " tweeted Donald , who lost out to Brandt Snedeker in a playoff at last year 's tournament . Donald won the Transitions Championship in March but has only one other top-10 finish . McIlroy has four top-five finishes to go with his Honda Classic win in March . Donald is next due to play at the Zurich Classic , beginning April 28 . Pettersson , meanwhile , began the final round with a one-shot lead over Colt Knost and finished with a confident two-under 69 to move clear of the field for his fifth PGA Tour title . Knost had a disastrous final round of 74 to drop out of contention , leaving Pettersson to claim victory by five strokes from another American , Zach Johnson . Three years ago , the 34-year-old Pettersson dropped 30 pounds in a bid to slim down and improve his fitness , but found his swing was compromised and quickly decided to revert to his previous weight . Describing how he put the pounds back on , Pettersson told the PGA Tour website : "  Well , you drink 10 beers and  eat  a tub of ice cream before bed . "	Luke Donald needed a top-eight finish at the RBC Heritage to keep No. 1 ranking Donald and Rory McIlroy have switched places three times already this season Sweden 's Carl Pettersson won the tournament by five shots from Zach Johnson
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities are investigating whether the attack that left an American woman dead and her friend injured was "  nationalistic , " a police spokesman said Monday , using a term for crimes in which a victim is targeted based on an Arab or Israeli background . American Kristine Luken died in the attack . Her body was found Sunday after Kay Susan Wilson , Luken 's friend and co-worker at a Christian ministry , stumbled into a picnic area with her hands bound , bleeding from multiple stab wounds and asking for help . Wilson told authorities the two were hiking in a forest near Beit Shemesh , west of Jerusalem , when two men attacked them , tied them to a tree and stabbed them , according to police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Wilson told reporters from her hospital bed Sunday that one of the men was armed with a long serrated knife and that she believes they were Arab . "  It was clear that they came to kill , " the Israeli newspaper Haaretz quoted Wilson as saying . "  Who carries around a knife like that ? " Wilson said she was wearing a Star of David on a necklace when she was attacked , according to the newspaper . "  He took it off like a gentleman and then turned me around and stabbed in the place where the Star of David had been , " Haaretz quoted her as saying . Rosenfeld confirmed Monday that investigators ' primary focus is that the attacks may have involved nationalistic intent , but he said investigators have not yet completely ruled out other possibilities . Luken and Wilson both worked for CMJ UK , a Christian ministry based in England . Wilson , a British citizen living in Israel , was a senior tour guide for the group , according to a statement posted to the group 's website by its CEO , Robin Aldridge . Luken was an administrator for the group and had recently taken over responsibility for managing the group 's tour operations in Israel , Aldridge said . "  She had a beautiful and gentle spirit as well as a strong and vibrant faith , " Aldridge said of Luken . "  She loved Israel and had visited on several occasions both as a tourist and as a member of CMJ . " "  It is a tragedy that such a lively , caring and faith-filled person should have been struck down in such a way , " he said . The Foreign Office in London said it was "  aware of the hospitalization of a British national " and was ready to provide assistance if needed . Luken had worked for CMJ UK for one year , having previously been a government employee , according to Aldridge . "  She had to cope with a move to a new country as well as a new job but quickly made the adjustment and became a key member of our team , " Aldridge said . He said the group 's work sharing the Christian faith with the Jewish people in Israel would continue despite the attack .	NEW : Police confirm they are focusing on whether the attack was "  nationalistic " NEW : The term is used when victims are targeted based on their Arab or Israeli background Kristine Luken was hiking with a friend and colleague from a Christian ministry Luken 's friend survived the attack and summoned help
WEST PARK , Florida  CNN  -- "  We are an army , " says Andrea Ivory of the group gathered with her early on a Saturday morning . Breast cancer survivor Andrea Ivory is on a mission to educate Florida communities about the disease , one door at a time . Armed with clipboards , leaflets and high spirits , the energetic Ivory leads them into the neighborhood , where they start knocking on doors . The mood is lighthearted , but their mission is serious : to save lives , one house at a time . They 're volunteers from the Florida Breast Health Initiative , or FBHI , and they are waging war against breast cancer . It 's an effort started by Ivory , 50 , herself a survivor of the disease . Every weekend in the spring and fall , she and her volunteers -- who include college students , senior citizens and suburban moms , all wearing matching T-shirts -- fan out across low-income communities in southern Florida , educating women about breast health . They especially seek out uninsured women age 35 and older , who statistics show are twice as likely to be diagnosed with late-stage breast cancer , and thus more likely to die from the disease . For Ivory , comparing this work to a battle is n't overblown . "  The only thing that we have to fight this disease and lower the mortality rate is early detection , " she says . "  We are the troops on the front lines . " Since 2006 , Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms to eligible women . Ivory herself had always been diligent about getting annual mammograms , but when the breast cancer diagnosis came in 2004 , she took it in stride . "  I just knew that it was for a higher purpose , " she recalls . Ivory says that purpose became clear during her cancer treatment . Reflecting on how lucky she was to have health insurance and to have gotten annual mammograms , she realized that thousands of women without health care were likely falling through the cracks and putting themselves at risk . "  Those women do n't even have a fighting chance , " she says . "  The mission became reach -LSB- ing -RSB- those women . " Ivory started FBHI to do just that . Her mantra : "  Early detection is the best protection . " Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes The operation runs like clockwork . The first three Saturdays of each month are devoted to outreach -- distributing educational materials and signing up women for free mammograms . She and her volunteers have visited nearly 18,000 homes . "  I love knocking on doors , " Ivory says with a smile . "  I like to think of us as little pixies spreading breast cancer awareness . " On the last Saturday of each month , a large mobile mammography van from a partner hospital rolls into the neighborhood , bringing screening technology directly to women who need it . As they line up around the van , the excitement is palpable . Since many have never had a mammogram , Ivory and her team try to make the experience fun -- providing refreshments , smiles and support . One mammogram recipient said the "  convenience factor " of the free screenings made the offer too hard to refuse . "  Ultimately this is the reason we do the work that we do , " says Ivory , "  because we want to screen women who would not ordinarily have -LSB- the -RSB- opportunity . " Watch Ivory and her army in action " Telmilda Ariza , 62 , always had health insurance , but after losing her job , her annual mammogram became a financial burden . She smiles when recalling the volunteers ' first visit to her home . "  They knocked on my door and , wow ! It was -LSB- a -RSB- miracle , coming from the sky , " she says . "  It 's something I really needed . " Ariza was so grateful that she started volunteering and knocking on doors herself . Watch Ariza describe how she went from recipient to volunteer " Charlene Thomas , another of Ivory 's regular volunteers , considers herself living proof of the program 's impact . Uninsured , she 'd paid for her mammogram out of her own pocket , but when she needed a follow-up , she kept putting it off because it was so expensive . "  I had other priorities . It seems stupid now , " she admits . "  But I did n't think anything was wrong with me . " She finally asked Ivory for help and FBHI paid for the screening . It led Thomas to a cancer diagnosis and ultimately a mastectomy . "  The fact that I was diagnosed and am cancer free -- there 's no way I would 've done it without the Florida Breast Health Initiative , " says Thomas , who was back knocking on doors three weeks after surgery . "  Now I feel more of a sense of urgency . I 'm knocking on doors trying to find myself . " Stories like this only deepen Ivory 's commitment to her cause . For her , every day is a chance to educate women about fighting the disease and Ivory says she 's determined to expand her efforts around Florida and far beyond the boundaries of her state . Watch Ivory 's group bring mobile mammography to the neighborhoods " "  In the future , we want a fleet of mammogram vans . We 'd love to do outreaches all over the country , " she says . "  No woman needs to die from breast cancer . I ca n't be a doctor , but I know I can save a life . Every time I knock on the door , it 's a chance to do that . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Florida Breast Health Initiative and see how to help .	Breast cancer survivor founds group to educate women about the disease Andrea Ivory , 50 , and her volunteers have visited nearly 18,000 homes Since ' 06 , Ivory has helped provide more than 500 mammograms Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Writer-director Joe Carnahan wisely gets back to basics in "  The Grey " after the over the top CGI heroics of "  The A-Team . " In their last collaboration , Liam Neeson fell out of the clouds in a tank and lived to tell the tale . This time he 's stranded in the arctic wastes of Alaska when the plane transporting a crew of rugged oil drillers crashes in the back of beyond . The half dozen survivors are in bad shape , with few supplies , no chance of contacting the outside world and little hope of rescue . They have sub-zero temperatures to contend with , howling winds and snow , and the only source of meat on the horizon -- a pack of timber wolves -- has its own ideas about the pecking order on the food chain . Neeson quickly emerges as the leader of the men . He 's a head taller than anybody else and maybe a head smarter , too . He also knows wolves , so he says -- though it 's hard to believe anyone on this movie could claim as much . Any animal expert could tell you that timber wolves are more likely to run in the opposite direction than give chase to humans . Compared to a grizzly bear , your typical North American grey is a pussycat . That 's not the kind of animal Neeson and company bump into . These puppies are of the big , bad variety : vicious , lethal and relentless . Neeson -- perhaps rashly -- decides to abandon the wrecked plane and strike out south , into the woods . He 's followed by a rapidly depleting line of the walking wounded , and a posse of salivating lupus . This is bare bones storytelling in more ways than one , though Carnahan ca n't resist injecting stray purple pronouncements of existential angst  I kept hoping that one of the guys would get hold of the letter Neeson has stashed in his pocket , the one where he tells the girl who got away he 's exiled himself to live with the dregs of humanity , "  Ex cons , misfits , a ******* ... men unfit for mankind "  . Fortunately he 's a better filmmaker than he is a screenwriter . Impressively shot in northern British Columbia by the talented Masanobu Takayanagi , the movie feels grounded and real even when the dialogue  and the angry wolf pack  rings false . Interspersing exciting action sequences with tense slogs through hostile terrain , the movie has the structure of a classic western , with wolves standing in for outlaws or Indians . It 's old hat , but it still plays . Neeson 's in his element as the raw alpha male who reluctantly takes the others in hand . They include an angry , macho Latino  Frank Grillo  , a boring nice guy  Dermot Mulroney  and an ailing black guy  Nonso Anozie  who might as well have "  Kibble " tattooed to his forehead . Even though Carnahan never digs up anything very surprising about these stock characters , the terse , shape-shifting group dynamics are enough to keep us watching . The film 's single best sequence comes early on . The plane crash -- and the nicely pitched run-up to it , as the passengers  all men  stow their bravado and start to grapple with what they might be facing -- is a knockout . Five minutes of pure white-knuckle drama . Even though nothing later comes close to it for enterprise or excitement , "  The Grey " remains a genuinely gripping survival story and a refreshing change from stale urban action flicks : "  Jaws " on paws .	"  The Grey " is impressively shot in northern British Columbia Liam Neeson 's in his element as the raw alpha male who takes the others in hand The film 's single best sequence comes early on -- the plane crash
CNN  -- While millions may be running to the malls this holiday season , there are some people running away from the buying frenzy . Several online movements have inspired thousands of people to attempt to spend little or no cash on holiday presents . Followers are avoiding shopping malls and opting to save their money , make their own presents or provide free services like baby-sitting or massages as gifts . "  The holiday season is about sharing time with loved ones , not going into debt , " said Cat Ellis , a Facebook "  Buy Nothing Christmas " follower . "  It is entirely unnecessary to spend money in order to show others that you care . " In addition to the Facebook page that Ellis and some 1,700 people follow , websites called buynothingchristmas , buynothingday and revbilly are encouraging people to stop spending a lot of cash on gifts and reduce holiday consumerism . Aiden Enns co-founded buynothingchristmas.org and said during the holidays , his site attracts up to 7,000 hits a day from people wanting to learn more about the movement . "  Our website challenges people to de-commercialize Christmas and connect in simpler ways , such as spending time with friends and loved ones and giving to less-privileged people , " said Enns . Kyle Denholm of Petoskey , Michigan , is among those who asked his family to attend a holiday event together instead of exchanging gifts last year . "  It felt wonderful to create some special memories with people we love and we plan to do it again this year , " said Denholm . It 's not just anti-consumerism fueling the cause . "  Christmas is an environmentalist 's worst nightmare -- tons of extra landfill , megawatts of flashing lights and congested shopping mall parking lots , " said Liz Wylie , an anti-consumer subscriber . While followers of the movement find various ways to support the cause , Scott Krugman , a spokesperson with the National Retail Federation , has a different take . Krugman said he respects a person 's right to celebrate the holidays as he or she chooses and does not want to make it a "  we " versus "  them " issue . "  However , the retail sector helps generate one in five U.S. jobs and it is important to remember how critical this industry is to our weakened economy and to help support it , " Krugman said . "  Some 95 % of retailers are small , independent businesses . " "  Some 500,000 retail positions will be created this holiday season in the U.S. and these jobs play a huge role in fueling our economy . " But for some people , like Ellis , supporting the U.S. retail sector is not an easy option . Her family was forced to change spending habits a couple of years ago . "  After my husband lost his job in January of 2008 he was unemployed for almost two years before he found part-time work , " said Ellis . "  I had my own business , which became our primary income . Unemployment benefits did n't cover much -- we did n't have a choice but to be hyper-responsible with money . " The anti-consumerism philosophy has kept the Ellises afloat financially . Ellis said they do n't have to worry about credit card bills and she does not argue with her husband about money . "  I know some people are willing to run up the charge cards and spend tons of cash on the latest toys and games for children , " Ellis said . "  I can get ` new-to-my-kids ' toys and give an even more important gift -- a family that is financially stable even in a failing economy . " Ellis said making gifts for the holidays and finding free or used items is easier than many might imagine . "  Look at your talents and ask yourself -- can you cook or sew or do you have a special hobby to share ? Is there something you can teach or could you clean someone 's house ? " As a former massage therapist , she has used her skills to give free gift certificates . She also knits and gives away food she has grown , canned and baked . Ellis ' husband , Eddie , is a beekeeper and gives away honey , beeswax candles or honey wine  also known as mead  . "  I 've found people are far more impressed with the time and effort that went into a handmade gift than the perceived dollar amount spent on a retail gift . "	Anti-consumerism movements have inspired people to avoid buying holiday gifts Websites challenge people to de-commercialize Christmas and connect in "  simpler " ways Retailers remind potential consumers that their dollars are needed to support jobs
Washington  CNN  -- A congressional panel investigating claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel will meet for the first time Tuesday . In November , U.S. Air Force investigators announced they had found "  serious misconduct " and "  gross mismanagement " in the handling of remains at the base . The findings came after the Air Force conducted a year-long investigation into 14 allegations of wrongdoing made by whistleblowers involving the remains of four U.S. service members killed in action , the Pentagon official said . The panel , which is being chaired by retired Gen. John Abizaid , has been given "  full authority to review all aspects of mortuary affairs to ensure we are meeting the highest standards of care for our fallen . " Department of Defense spokesman Capt. John Kirby said . Abizaid retired from the Army in 2007 after leading U.S. Central Command the final three years of his 34-year military career . Last week , the Air Force admitted that it sent more sets of military personnel remains to a Virginia landfill than it originally acknowledged . Backtracking on initial information about how it handled the remains of American service members killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Air Force said the cremated body parts of hundreds of the fallen were burned and dumped in the landfill . Earlier , the Air Force said only a small number of body parts had been buried in a commercial landfill and claimed it would be impossible to make a final determination of how many remains were disposed of in that manner . The Washington Post broke the story , and the Air Force now confirms that body fragments linked to at least 274 fallen military personnel sent to the base mortuary were cremated , incinerated and buried with medical waste . That procedure was in place between November 2003 and May 1 , 2008 . The Air Force also said that 1,762 body parts were never identified and also were disposed of , first by cremation , then by further incineration and then buried in a landfill . Congressman Rush Holt , D-New Jersey , Thursday accused the Pentagon of what he called "  willful blindness " in not acting faster to identify and correct the problems and fully report them . "  For years , this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and , I would say , dishonorably , " Holt said in a telephone interview . He said he had been asking the Pentagon for months about information about Dover , on behalf of a constituent whose husband was killed five years ago . "  They do n't get it . They do n't understand the degree of dishonor involved in all of this , " Holt said . Last month , the Defense Department told the congressman that exact numbers could not be determined . "  Without individual case-by-case review , the exact number of Service-directed disposition of subsequent remains can not be determined , " said a fact sheet sent to Holt in November . "  It would require a massive effort and time to recall records and research individually . " When bodies are not intact -- for instance , in the aftermath of a crash or explosion -- a body may be released to the family before some parts have been identified by the Air Force Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware . Families can elect to be notified when parts are identified or leave it up to the military to dispose of them appropriately . Since the policy was changed in 2008 , the unclaimed body parts are buried at sea . Holt pointed to how the United States spends millions each year searching for the remains of service members missing in action from previous wars , for instance in Southeast Asia . "  That makes us proud to be an American , that we would do that , " Holt said . "  It is a level of response that honors our soldiers . " The mistakes at Dover send a different message , Holt said . "  It sends shudders to think that we engage in this kind of desecration , " he said . But at the Pentagon , aides to Panetta said he is satisfied with how the Air Force responded in regard to the landfill policy and new information about how many of the American fallen were involved . "  I think the secretary is comfortable with the way the Air Force has handled this , " said Kirby . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Charley Keyes	Service members ' body parts incinerated , buried with medical waste Mortuary at Dover Air Force Base handles remains of returning war dead An earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuary
CNN  -- A commercial rocket company has announced plans to go where no other has gone before . Elon Musk , founder and CEO of Space X , said Tuesday that his company is building a rocket big enough to carry more cargo than any space vehicle ever built except the Saturn V moon rocket . Musk made the announcement during a news conference at the National Press Club in Washington . The rocket -- called Falcon Heavy -- will arrive at the Vandenberg Air Force Base launch pad in California in November or December of next year and should be ready for its first test flight in late 2013 , Musk said . Space X is in talks , he said , with several countries , including the United States , and private companies interested in using Falcon Heavy . Space X is paying for all the development costs leading up to and including the first test launch . Musk told CNN it will cost somewhere between $ 300 million and $ 500 million . No paying customers have come forward so far for the first test launch , Musk said . "  We have lots of customers for the second , third and fourth launch , " he said , "  but they did n't have the risk appetite for the first flight . " Space X says the first launches will take place at Vandenberg but eventually Kennedy Space Center in Florida also will be used . Musk said his company is talking with NASA about using one of the two space shuttle launch pads for his new rocket . He said production of Falcon Heavy should create a couple hundred jobs in Florida and California . Overall , Musk said , he expects a couple thousand jobs to be added during the next two years in Florida , California and Texas . Musk told CNN he decided to build the heavy lift rocket because he needed it to put bigger satellites into orbit than his smaller Falcon 9 rocket can handle . Musk said he believes his new rocket will be capable of putting large payloads into orbit for $ 1,000 dollars per pound . The lowest current cost is roughly $ 6,000 per pound . Musk told CNN he wants to bring "  revolutionary change , not evolutionary change , to the space business . " This rocket , he says , is revolutionary . "  The public should be very excited about this . It re-establishes U.S. leadership in space , " he said . Falcon Heavy also will be able to carry humans to the moon or perhaps Mars , Musk said . Because Falcon Heavy wo n't be as big as the old Saturn V , more than one rocket would be needed to carry out those missions . For a mission to the moon , for instance , one rocket would carry the lander and another would be for the crew and command module . Space X already has a contract for a dozen cargo flights to the International Space Station using the smaller Falcon 9 . That rocket has already flown two successful test flights and , barring setbacks , should begin the cargo flights next year . Space X is also in the running to replace the space shuttle program for ferrying astronauts to the space station .	It can carry more cargo than any space vehicle ever built except the Saturn V moon rocket It should be ready for its first test flight in late 2013 Space X is paying for all the development costs
NASSAU , Bahamas  CNN  -- Videotapes secretly recorded by John Travolta 's attorney were played Monday at the trial of two people accused of trying to extort millions of dollars from the actor after his son died in the Bahamas in January . Two people in the Bahamas stand accused of trying to extort millions from actor John Travolta . The videotapes showed what Travolta 's attorney said were negotiations between himself and one of the defendants , with discussions centering on a document the suspects claimed could reflect unfavorably on Travolta 's actions after his son was found unconscious . Defendants Tarino Lightbourne , a paramedic , and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater are on trial on charges they plotted to extort $ 25 million from Travolta after 16-year-old Jett Travolta died from a seizure . Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testified Monday that he assisted police in a sting . As the videotape was played Monday , McDermott described it as depicting a meeting in a hotel room between himself and Bridgewater , who said she represented Lightbourne . Bahamian police had placed wireless microphones on McDermott and hidden two cameras in the room , McDermott said . Defense attorneys have attempted to convince the jury that Travolta 's attorney came to the Bahamas to "  set up " their clients . Murrio Ducille , who represents Bridgewater , on Friday said to Travolta 's attorney , "  you came to the island with evil in your heart . " Earlier in the trial , Travolta testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at their home on Grand Bahama Island , where the family was spending their New Year 's holiday . Travolta said he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked and where Travolta , who is a pilot , planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The paramedic , however , asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified last week . Travolta said that while he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to divert to the hospital . At the hospital , the actor was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . Watch report from CNN 's John Couwels in the Bahamas " It is that release document that would-be extortionists hoped to use against Travolta , threatening to give it to the media if they were not paid , according to Travolta 's attorneys . Travolta testified last week that he learned of a demand for $ 25 million or "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press ... The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " The trial is expected to last through next week . John Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , are not expect back in court .	Two accused of trying to extort millions from actor after son Jett died in Bahamas Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testifies he assisted police in a sting Defense argues McDermott tried to "  set up " their clients with secret recording McDermott testifies video shows him meeting with one of the defendants
CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , the single mother of newborn octuplets , is using the Internet to help support her family of 14 children . She 's started a Web site seeking donations . Nadya Suleman , a single mother of 14 children , has set up a Web site asking for donations . The Web site features pictures of a rainbow , child 's blocks and all eight of Suleman 's newborns . Also prominently displayed on the Web site is a prompt for visitors to make a donation , noting that the "  proud mother of 14 " accepts Visa , MasterCard , American Express , Discover and PayPal . Suleman , 33 , had the octuplets through fertility treatments , despite already having six young children and no clear source of income . In recent television interviews , Suleman has rejected suggestions that she might not be able to care adequately for all 14 of her children . "  I 'm providing myself to my children , " Nadya Suleman told NBC in her first interview . "  I 'm loving them unconditionally , accepting them unconditionally , everything I do . I 'll stop my life for them and be present with them and hold them and be with them . And how many parents do that ? " Watch report on who is paying the bills for the octuplets " Suleman said she plans to go back to college to pursue a degree in counseling , NBC reported . She also said all 14 children have the same biological father , a sperm donor whom she described as a friend . Joann Killeen , a spokeswoman for Suleman , has told CNN that she is being deluged with media offers , but disputed any suggestions that Suleman may have had a monetary incentive for having so many children . Killeen , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that Suleman "  has no plans on being a welfare mom and really wants to look at every opportunity that she can to make sure she can provide financially for the 14 children she 's responsible for now . " Suleman 's publicist did say that Suleman gets $ 490 every month in food stamps .	Nadya Suleman has created Web site to solicit donations to help support 14 kids Suleman , a mother of six , recently had octuplets Suleman has rejected notions that she would not be able to care for children
CNN  -- Here 's a thought to chew on : America 's most intractable problems all double back to our collective mistreatment of animals . Sounds crazy , right ? Well , humor me for a minute . Our own lives would improve if we started showing some basic decency to the 9 billion cows , calves , pigs , lambs , turkeys and chickens that are slaughtered a year in the United States . More than 99 % of farm animals in the U.S. are raised in factory farms , many unable to even turn around in small cages . A slew of investigations by Mercy for Animals , PETA and the Humane Society of the United States have uncovered repeated instances of vicious abuse of animals headed for slaughter . The latest Humane Society undercover investigation of a large veal calf slaughterhouse in New Jersey showed abuse too gruesome to display on television and resulted in the temporary shutdown of the facility by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . "  Animal abuse is the norm in the meat industry , " says Paul Shapiro , vice president of farm animal protection at the Humane Society . "  Many standard practices in animal agribusiness are so cruel that they 're just out of step with mainstream American values about how animals ought to be treated . " The society cites piglet tail docking and castration without anesthesia , the confinement of pigs to crates where they can not turn around and cutting off the beaks of egg-laying hens before they 're confined to tiny cages . If all of this sounds hideous , it is . And here 's how it hurts us humans . The obesity crisis : Two thirds of American adults are overweight or obese . The American Medical Association has declared obesity a chronic disease in an attempt to get a grip on what some label the 21st century plague . A recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine shows that kids who are overweight in kindergarten are often condemned to future obesity . It also showed obesity is highest in the poorest socioeconomic sectors of society , further hobbling already disadvantaged kids . The rise of obesity has paralleled the rise of fast food , laden with meat and dairy products : burgers and shakes . Obesity affects every aspect of a people 's lives , from health to relationships . Less fast food would help stop the obesity epidemic and would also mean raising and killing fewer animals . A 2010 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition concluded , "  a plant-based diet seems to be a sensible approach for the prevention of obesity in children . " The health care crisis : The myriad of serious health risks resulting from poor diet include high cholesterol , heart disease , type 2 diabetes , high blood pressure , stroke and even sleep apnea . Eating too much meat and dairy products , combined with excessive intake of sugars and starch , plays a big role in these medical issues . Cholesterol does not exist in vegetables . Vegetables do not clog arteries . A report by the Union of Concerned Scientists says we could save 100,000 lives and $ 17 billion in health care costs from heart disease every year if Americans ate more fruits and vegetables . The report begs Congress to slash farm policies that subsidize Big Ag 's massive production of junk and fast food . Critics say the $ 956 billion farm bill that just passed is simply a bait and switch that cuts direct subsidies but replaces them with generous crop insurance . That brings us to money . The deficit : Skyrocketing health care costs are a key factor in the ballooning deficit . The yearly medical costs of obesity are estimated to be as high as $ 190 billion a year , according to a study reported in the Journal of Health Economics , with expenditures of almost $ 1,200 more a year to treat obese Americans compared with those of normal weight . Natural disasters : Extreme weather phenomena is on the rise leading to more massive , destructive storms as a result of climate change . Hurricane Sandy alone cost $ 70 billion in damage and lost economic productivity . Meat production is one of the leading causes of climate change because of the destruction of the rainforest for grazing lands , the massive amounts of methane produced by farm animals and the huge amounts of water , grain and other resources required to feed animals The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization found the production of meat contributes from 14 % and 22 % of the world 's greenhouse gases . Hunger : Every five seconds a child dies somewhere in the world of malnutrition or starvation . World hunger could be eliminated if all the produce fed to cows , chickens and pigs raised for human consumption was distributed directly to hungry humans . Bill Gates , who is championing meat alternatives in his "  Future of Food " project , puts it succinctly when he notes : "  For every 10 kilograms of grain we feed cattle , we get 1 kilogram of beef in return . The calorie kick-back is just too low to feed a growing world population . " Some of the smartest people in America , from Bill Clinton to Bill Gates , are starting to see the big picture . Clinton , after having quadruple bypass surgery and later stents to open his veins , publicly adopted a plant-based diet . Bill Gates , in his Future of Food project , sums up the unsustainability of our food system succinctly , noting : "  raising meat takes a great deal of land and water and has a substantial environmental impact . Put simply , there 's no way to produce enough meat for 9 billion people . " The human population of Earth is expected to surpass 9 billion by 2050 . Now , it 's time for the rest of us to wake up and vote with our shopping carts . American taxpayers and consumers are being exploited right along with the animals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Almost all farm animals in the U.S. are raised in factory farms Velez-Mitchell : Animal abuse and cruelty is the norm in the meat industry She says meat production leads to obesity , disease , high health costs , pollution She says raising meat uses huge amount of energy ; plant based diet could feed the world
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus is back on track after a severe allergic reaction put the pop star in the hospital . The 21-year-old is scheduled to resume her previously postponed "  Bangerz " tour in August after being forced to hold off on the remaining performances due to her illness . Cyrus ' new U.S. lineup features nine stops : seven shows to make up for the ones that she missed , plus an additional two concerts for fans in Pittsburgh and Chicago . Fans who purchased tickets to her April 7 concert in Charlotte , North Carolina ; the April 16 show in St. Louis ; and the April 15 show in Kansas City , Missouri ; will receive full refunds and be able to purchase tickets to her rescheduled dates -- on August 6 , August 10 and August 12 , respectively -- starting May 2 . Those who purchased tickets to her April concerts in Uniondale , New York ; Philadelphia ; Nashville ; and Louisville will be able to use them for admission to her August shows in those locations . The "  Wrecking Ball " songstress was initially put out of commission in early April with a flu-like illness , which caused her to pull out of her Charlotte show . Yet after being prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin her health woes only grew worse ; an allergic reaction to the drug left Cyrus hospitalized for more than a week , according to a statement from her representative earlier this month . By April 25 she seemed back to her old self . If her Instagram photos are to be believed , pancakes were a part of her recuperation . Cyrus ' next "  Bangerz " stop will be Amsterdam , as she kicks off the European leg of her tour on Friday .	Miley Cyrus has rescheduled her postponed U.S. tour She 's added in two new stops to the calendar The performances are set for early August She had to postpone April concerts due to an allergic reaction
CNN  -- Miriam Brown has always wanted to visit Cape Cod , but when she recently began to plan a trip and found out she would have to pay $ 200 or more a night for lodging , her dream vacation seemed out of reach . Miriam Brown and her husband bartered their services for room and board on Cape Cod . Brown , who lives in New Orleans , Louisiana , is an accountant . Her husband is a home renovations contractor . Like many people dealing with a soft real estate market and high food and gas prices , they just do n't have that kind of extra cash for a trip . "  I have traveled a lot in prior years , but after -LSB- Hurricane -RSB- Katrina , there 's just no money for traveling , " Brown said . So she still plans to go , but she wo n't spend any cash at all on lodging . Brown has joined the growing ranks of Americans who are bartering -- trading goods and services without exchanging money -- as a way to cope with tough economic times . Brown posted an ad in the barter section of the online community Craigslist last month , offering to trade her accounting skills and her husband 's knack for home repairs in exchange for room and board on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . She has lots of company . There were some 142,000 listings in the barter section of Craigslist in July , or almost double the number posted during the same month last year , according to Craigslist spokeswoman Susan MacTavish Best . "  When the economy turns unfriendly , Craigslist users become far more creative to get their everyday tasks done , " Best said . Swapping ` to get by ' Other Web sites that put Americans in touch with like-minded people who are willing to trade everything under the sun have also seen a boost in traffic . SwapThing , which lists almost 3.5 million "  things " available for trade , reports its customers are bartering for different reasons than before . "  I think a few years ago it was more for fun , " said Jessica Hardwick , SwapThing founder and CEO . "  But we 've seen a real shift in the last year , and especially an increase in the last few months , where I think people are really doing it to get by . " Some of the most popular items to trade for late this summer were school uniforms , which some parents found they could not afford to buy for their children , Hardwick said . Experts are n't surprised Americans are becoming more financially creative during an economic downturn . "  Historically , when times get tough , you see a 50 percent-plus increase in bartering as a way for people to be able to buy things or get things and do it economically , " said C. Britt Beemer , chairman of America 's Research Group . The company talks with thousands of consumers every week to gauge their spending habits and attitudes . A couple of years ago , many Americans had $ 500 to spend at the end of the month , but that money has evaporated because of rising prices , Beemer said . "  We 've never had a time , at least in my lifetime , where you have food and fuel going up at the same time . So it is n't a question of buying things , it 's a question of buying nothing , " Beemer said . Breast implants and a horse Businesses have long recognized the benefits of bartering , and there are hundreds of barter networks set up across the country to fill their needs . They use barter credits as currency , so a plumber in need of a filling does n't need to search for a dentist 's office with plumbing problems to make a deal . He can fix a leaky pipe for one member of a network and use the credits he earned for that job at any other . Since all kinds of companies are members , the trades can be all over the map , said Michael Krane , president of Green Apple Barter Services in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . His company has brokered everything from breast implants to college tuition to a horse . "  Really , there are no limits to it . We trade for just about anything you can think of , " Krane said . Bartering on this scale is also robust in tough economic times . Krane said his exchange has seen a 20 percent rise in barter transaction volume in the first six months of this year . A longtime client is Thomas Forrest , an orthodontist in suburban Pittsburgh who barters his services for everything from office improvements to stationery . His practice has n't been affected by the economic downturn , Forrest said , but some of his patients seem glad to be able to visit him under the barter arrangement . "  I think if you have a business owner who has children in need of braces , I sense a gratitude that that 's available , " Forrest said . Barter exchanges must carefully document all trades , since the Internal Revenue Service considers income from bartering as taxable . However , a barter exchange "  does not include arrangements that provide solely for the informal exchange of similar services on a noncommercial basis , " according to the IRS . In New Orleans , Brown and her husband are getting ready to go to Cape Cod after finding a taker for her bartering offer on Craigslist . The couple will work five hours a day in exchange for staying in "  a beautiful three-bedroom house right in the center of it all , " Brown said . "  We can do a lot more if we do n't have to pay for room and board , " she added .	Many Americans are bartering as a way to cope with tough economic times Bartering involves trading goods and services without exchanging money Researcher : Bartering activity rises dramatically during economic downturns "  We trade for just about anything you can think of , " barter network president says
CNN  -- What if robots ruled the world of golf ? A fanciful notion perhaps , but already many tasks formerly performed by humans are now carried out by mechanical devices . And the same maxim is very much in evidence in golf , where products such as balls and clubs only reach the marketplace after being tested to perfection using robotic technology . One developer has mooted the possibility of metal caddies and robot suits to help with coaching , in a sport where human error on the course is cruelly exposed . An industry leader in this field is California-based Golf Laboratories Inc. , whose founder Gene Parente saw a gap in the market when he started his company in 1990 -- and is now hoping to invent a fully robotic player . ` Iron Byron ' led the way Two decades ago , cutting-edge technology centered around a robotic-armed machine nicknamed "  The Iron Byron "  after legendary U.S. golfer Byron Nelson  . It relied on air pressure and pneumatics to generate club-head speed . The contraption was effectively a giant garage door spring , with three speeds : slow , medium and fast . Iron Byron 's drawback was that it could only swing one way , whereas no "  human " swing is exactly the same . Parente and his partner Sean Dynes incorporated robot technology and computer control drive systems to produce a much more sophisticated testing mechanism . "  If you can swing a golf club , we can simulate it , " Parente told CNN . The approach has revolutionized the industry , enabling manufacturers to tailor their equipment to golfers of different abilities -- because not everyone has the athleticism to generate the 130 mph club-head speed of a Woods or a Bubba Watson . But Parente is not content with that level of perfection , and decided to take his company 's innovations a stage further with a prototype robot golfer that will take to the course and hopefully battle the pros . "  It 's more for the entertainment aspect than anything else , " admitted Parente , who said he was in talks with partners to develop the project . Limited capability Technology has clearly come a long way since the Sony Corporation introduced Qrio to the world in 2004 . The likeable robot figure may have been able to hand the winner 's check to Ernie Els at the Japanese company 's sponsored PGA Tour tournament , but its capability was limited . At public demonstrations it could merely putt a ball into a large hole on a mat . Parente 's ambitions extend a little further , inspired by the likes of the computer Deep Blue taking on chess grandmasters before large televised audiences . "  To be able to tackle something as difficult as golf takes this to another level , " he said . While "  Man versus Robot " has an obvious appeal , the majority of commercial applications in golf and other areas are generally based on the principle of "  Robot helping Man . " Perhaps this is because , as Parente flags up , there is a "  fascination/fear " of the Terminator movie scenario where humans are enslaved by a ruthless robotic super race -- a similar theme also explored in the film RoboCop . But as Indianapolis-based company Precise Path Inc. has proved , robots can be put to more peaceful purposes and are very good at mowing grass . They have spent over five years perfecting the technology that sees its patented mower able to cut golf course greens and fairways to perfection . Robot mower ready to roll The robot mower is programed by its users to carry out work on a designated part of the course , and will carry on with the task to completion , come rain or shine . Jason Zielke , chief operating officer and president of Precise Path , claims their product will change the face of golf course maintenance . "  Removing humans from that process has the combined benefit of a significant improvement in quality and consistency , " he told CNN . Precise Path was used for one half of a course in Florida , with normal green-keeping staff cutting the grass on the other . Zielke claimed the greens mowed by the robot "  rolled about a foot faster " than the others ; in other words , they were smoother and better running . Precise Path will go to market in 2012 and Zielke believes its applications will extend to other sports playing fields and public open spaces , saving large amounts in upkeep costs and freeing up staff for other duties . Such advanced technology is expensive and remains outside the budget of the ordinary household , so robots cutting your lawn at home or employed in other tasks such as vacuum cleaning may be a little way off . But according to Rich Mahoney , the director of robotics at California 's SRI International , the technologies employed in robotics and modern consumer electronics are converging . Increased availability "  The cost of some robots is decreasing and the availability of certain types of robots is increasing , " said Mahoney , whose research team is developing low-cost technologies and robotic applications . Extending this to golf , one of these might be in the form of your own personal caddy . "  Imagine a machine that carried your bag and could also give you advice based on every shot you have taken in the last year ? " he told CNN . For some this would be a nightmare scenario , but it would bring an end to those spats between player and caddy when each blames the other for a poor shot ! Mahoney can see other applications in the form of coaching aids . "  A robotic suit , a form of ` super suit ' that guides your movements as you wear it , helping you to learn how to better swing the golf club , " he explained . For the time being , much of this remains in the future , but back in San Diego Parente is confident his robot golfer will hit the fairways soon and cause quite a stir . But he is struggling to come up with a catchy name for his creation like "  Iron Byron " and has settled on Golf Laboratories Computer Controlled Robot . So Parente is hoping his creation will do the talking for him .	Robotics technology is becoming more widespread in the golf industry It is widely used in performance testing of equipment such as balls and clubs San Diego-based company is developing a robot golfer Future roles could involve robots as caddies or personal coaches
You 're considering buying a new pair of tube socks . A quick Google search pulls up some sock ads and below one of them you see your pal Kimberly 's face next to a four-star review she 's left for Sal 's Sock Emporium . "  Great deals on super soft socks , and so many fun colors ! " Google is betting that this type of personal recommendation from a friend will make people more likely to click on an ad . Starting November 11 , Google will be able to include Google + users ' faces , names and comments in ads . The content will be pulled from reviews they 've made on Google + or other tied-in Google services like YouTube or Google Play . The company updated its terms of service on Friday to include the new language allowing these "  shared endorsements . " The adver-dorsements wo n't just appear on regular Google searches . Google ads are a sprawling business and a person 's face could show up on any of the 2 million sites that are part of the Google ad network . It 's difficult to avoid Google + , the social network and user identity hub Google has been steadily grafting onto all of its popular services . Even if you do n't think you have a Google + profile , there 's a good chance that one exists if you use the company 's other services . Google + reviews are already used in many of the company 's products . Look for a restaurant on Google Maps , for instance , and you 'll see a star rating based on public reviews by Google + users . Leave a review for an album you bought in the Google Play store and that is a usable Google + endorsement . If you do n't want your face popping up in ads , it 's easy to opt out . There is a settings page for Google + accounts called Shared Endorsements . It explains exactly how the program works . Read through and if you 're still uncomfortable with the idea , uncheck the box next to "  Based upon my activity , Google may show my name and profile photo in shared endorsements that appear in ads . " You will still see familiar faces in ads , but your mug should no longer appear in other peoples ' searches . If you hit +1 for a site , people in your network will still be able to see that you 've liked it , which is not a new feature . If you are really determined not to show up anywhere , just do n't hit +1 or leave reviews on Google products or in the Google Play store . Other social media companies have toyed with featuring their users ' photos in ads . If you Like a company on Facebook or post a positive review on its page , that can be used in that company 's Facebook ads . You may have noticed a sponsored post in your News Feed that shows which of your friends have liked a particular brand . As with Google + reviews , the key to not appearing in these types of ads is not endorsing brands .  Unlike Google , there 's no opt-out option for sponsored stories on Facebook . The idea of promoting a brand and sharing positive opinions could appeal to many Google + users who are already actively leaving reviews . Some people just really love brands , whether they 're sports drinks , smartphone makers , movies or video games . They want to broadcast that love to the world , sharing their positive opinions wide and far . Negative opinions can be equally useful information for their friends and families , but those bad reviews are not usable by advertisers . And for now , there 's no -1 button on Google + or Dislike button for Facebook .	Google will be able to show people 's faces and reviews in ads starting in November "  Shared Endorsements " pull from +1 s and reviews Google + users leave for companies Google announced the update to its terms of service on Friday Anyone who does not want their face to appear in ads can opt out
Tribune Media Services  -- While most first-time visitors to Europe choo-choose to travel by train , consider the convenience of driving . Behind the wheel you 're totally free , going where you want , when you want . When drivers come off a ferry in Great Britain or Ireland , they usually see a sign warning them to drive on the left . Driving in the British Isles is wonderful -- once you remember to stay on the left and after you 've mastered the roundabouts . But be warned : Every year I get some emails from traveling readers advising me that , for them , trying to drive in Great Britain and Ireland was a nerve-wracking and regrettable mistake . Here 's a tip : If you want to get a little slack on the roads , drop by a gas station or auto shop and buy a green "  P "  probationary driver with license  sign to put in your car window . Of course , in Britain and Ireland you 'll be driving on the left-hand side of the road . Why that side ? Originally , it was in order for you to drive defensively ... with your "  sword hand " on the inside to protect you against oncoming traffic . Many Yankee drivers find the hardest part is n't driving on the left , but steering from the right . Your instinct is to put yourself on the left side of your lane , which means you may spend your first day or two constantly drifting off the road to the left . It can help to remember that the driver always stays close to the center line . Not only will you be driving on the left , but you 'll also be using roundabouts , where traffic continually flows in a circle around a center island . These work well if you follow the golden rule : Traffic in roundabouts always has the right-of-way , while entering vehicles yield . For some drivers , roundabouts are high-pressure traffic circles that require a snap decision about something you do n't completely understand : your exit . To replace the stress with giggles , make it standard operating procedure to take a 360-degree , case-out-your-options exploratory circuit . Discuss the exits with your navigator , go around again if necessary , and then confidently wing off on the exit of your choice . Whenever possible , avoid driving in cities . London even assesses a congestion charge -- about $ 13 per day -- to drive in the city center  see www.cclondon.com  . It 's best and less stressful to begin your driving experience away from big cities , so try renting your car in a smaller town . A pleasant scenario for a Britain itinerary would be to start your trip in a small town such as Bath , rent a car when leaving Bath , explore Britain at your leisure by car , then drop off the car in York , and take the train into London , where you can rely on the excellent public transportation system . Outside of the big cities and the motorways  freeways  , British and Irish roads tend to be narrow . Adjust your perceptions of personal space . It 's not "  my side of the road " or "  your side of the road . " It 's just "  the road " -- and it 's shared as a cooperative adventure . In towns , you may have to cross over the center line just to get past parked cars . Sometimes both directions of traffic can pass parked cars simultaneously , but frequently you 'll have to take turns -- follow the locals ' lead and drive defensively . On rural roads , locals are usually courteous , pulling over against a hedgerow and blinking their headlights for you to pass while they wait . Return the favor when you are closer to a wide spot in the road than they are . Do some homework before getting behind the wheel ; buy good maps and check various mapping Web sites , including Michelin 's site and Google Maps . A GPS device can also be helpful . You 'll notice some differences between driving in the Republic of Ireland versus the United Kingdom  Great Britain and Northern Ireland  . In the Republic of Ireland , the speed limit is in kilometers per hour , road signs are usually bilingual  but not always -- "  geill sli " means yield  , and roads are more likely to be bumpy and poorly maintained . In the United Kingdom , the speed limit is in miles per hour , signs are in English  except in Wales , where they are bilingual  , and roads are generally in better condition . Even if you do n't drive , as a pedestrian you 'll have to remember that among our British and Irish cousins ' many unusual habits , traffic comes from the opposite direction -- look both ways before crossing any street . Horror stories about British and Irish traffic abound . They 're fun to tell , but driving here is really only a problem for those who make it one . The most dangerous creature on the road is the panicked American . Drive defensively , observe , fit in , avoid big-city driving when you can and wear your seat belt . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
RS.com  -- The members of OutKast will reportedly end their hiatus next year at Coachella , according to Billboard . The magazine 's sources claim the festival , which kicks off on April 11 , would be the start of several reunion appearances that would run throughout the year . Billboard 's sources say there have been "  some conversations " between Big Boi and Andre 3000 , while another says it 's "  all systems go . " Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment . See where Outkast 's ` Stankonia ' ranks on our list of the 500 greatest albums of all time The duo has largely been inactive since the 2006 release of "  Idlewild . " Since then , Big Boi has put out two solo albums -- 2010 's "  Sir Lucious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty " and 2012 's "  Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors " -- while Andre 3000 contributed to singles by other artists and recently portrayed Jimi Hendrix in the biopic "  All Is By My Side . " Earlier this year , Andre 3000 and Big Boi appeared together on a remix of Frank Ocean 's "  Pink Matter , " as well as a remix of T.I. 's "  Sorry . " But Andre was quick to dispel any inclination that it was an Outkast reunion . The 10 best revelations from Big Boi 's Reddit AMA "  I never want to mislead our audience -- I worried that some would think these were Outkast collaborations , " he said . "  These songs are not Outkast collaborations . I discussed this rationale with Big , Frank and T.I. and everyone agreed . That is why I was surprised to read about these remixes . " Around that same time , Big Boi tweeted with regard to Ocean 's album , "  Dre did n't want an Outkast Record Coming out on anybody else LP . " Andre 3000 on new music : ` Things are up in the air ' When Rolling Stone spoke with Andre late last year and asked him about an OutKast reunion , he skirted the issue . As for his own music , he said , "  Things are kind of up in the air with me , and some days , I feel like yeah , I 'll do it . Some days , I feel like , I do n't . I do n't know the future of music right now . I have no idea what I do . I honestly do n't . " See the original story at RS.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Reports suggest that OutKast will end their hiatus next year Sources told Billboard that Coachella will be the start of several reunion appearances Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment
CNN  Politicians , journalists and conservative activists will swoop into Des Moines this weekend for a major gathering of Republicans that 's widely viewed as the first cattle call this cycle for the GOP presidential race . Close to 10 potential candidates will speak at the daylong Iowa Freedom Summit on Saturday , co-hosted by the group Citizens United and Rep. Steve King , a high-profile Republican from Iowa with serious clout among social conservatives . With Iowa the first state to vote in the presidential nominating season , it 's considered a must-stop for White House hopefuls on both sides of the aisle , and this weekend gives 2016 players a chance to roll out their message to core caucus-goers , strategists say . Among those expected to speak are New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson , former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina . Notably , the top two potential contenders in the GOP race -- Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney -- are bypassing the event , both citing scheduling conflicts . Also skipping Iowa this weekend are Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who took a pass on a similar Iowa gathering of conservatives back in August , and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who 's holding his own retreat with donors and supporters in Miami Beach this weekend as he prepares to make a 2016 decision . Rubio and Paul , however , will join Cruz to speak at an event in Palm Springs , California , on Sunday that 's hosted by a group backed by the Koch Brothers . The odd one out ? One of the most highly anticipated speakers is Christie , who 's considered the one-not-like-the-others at this weekend 's assembly . Twice elected in a blue state , Christie 's staked out more moderate and pragmatic territory on the political spectrum . He angered social conservatives when he dropped a legal challenge in 2013 against a court ruling that got rid of New Jersey 's same-sex marriage ban . He also stirred up some controversy when he at first declined to offer his opinion on the Supreme Court 's ruling in favor of Hobby Lobby last year , which said private companies can not be required to pay to cover some types of contraceptives for their employees . Later , while Christie was in Iowa , the governor said he supported the ruling . When talking about social issues , Christie has largely focused on his efforts to enhance drug rehabilitation programs in his state , especially for non-violent criminals with drug convictions . "  When we say we 're pro-life , we need to be pro-life for the entire life . We need to stand up for the hurt and the wounded , " Christie told a religious right audience at a conference organized by the Faith and Freedom Coalition last summer . The governor has made five trips to Iowa in the past year , including stops to help raise money for King and Gov. Terry Branstad . With Romney and Bush soaking up much of the attention and resources among establishment Republicans , the summit will provide Christie a chance to stand out and earn points for simply showing up . "  In terms of optics , I think its clear that Gov. Christie intends to run -- and has every intention to speaking to as many Iowans as possible , " said Nick Ryan , a Republican strategist from Iowa . "  That 's how you build a winning coalition -- and he seems to get that . " What we 'll be looking for Christie has also been mum on his views about immigration reform . Political observers will be watching to see what candidates say about the issue in Iowa this week . King , one of the GOP 's most vocal and flashy opponents of a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers , made headlines recently when he referred to a guest at the State of the Union address as a "  deportable . " While King 's comments on immigration have agitated even those within his party , he 's still considered popular in his home state and a highly sought after name when candidates stop through Iowa . Other issues that could get frequent mention this weekend include same-sex marriage and abortion . Both topics have seen renewed attention in the last week , after the Supreme Court decided a week ago to take up same-sex marriage this year . The court will essentially decide whether states have the right to ban gay and lesbian couples from getting married . RELATED : Supreme Court gay marriage decision could have 2016 repercussions Also on the social front , the House , in a battle that pitted Republicans against each other , passed a measure Thursday banning all taxpayer money for abortions after it failed to pass a bill that would ban so-called "  late - term " abortions . This week also marked the 42nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision , and tens of thousands of anti-abortion rights activists marched in the nation 's capital to bring attention to the issue . Santorum , who battled Romney late into the 2012 primary season , tweeted out photos of his family yesterday explaining why they were marching . The former senator from Pennsylvania barely won the Iowa caucuses in 2012 , edging out Romney in a delayed vote count -- Romney was initially declared the winner -- by 34 votes . Like Christie , some Republicans have also taken on criminal justice reform and anti-poverty policies as key talking points in their platforms . We 'll see how potential candidates tackle those issues this weekend , especially as the party on the national level has made efforts to appeal to a wider audience . Several of the potential candidates plan to stay longer in Iowa . Huckabee has book signings on Sunday in Cedar Rapids and Windsor Heights , Iowa , while Perry is staying until Monday and Santorum until Tuesday for multiple events throughout the state .	Potential GOP presidential candidates will gather in Iowa this weekend The state holds the nation 's first presidential nominating contest next year
Give an astronaut on the International Space Station a digital camera and you 're bound to end up with some astounding images -- especially if they 're flying above North Korea . When the space station passed over East Asia one night recently , a member of NASA 's Expedition 38 crew took a series of photographs that show just how off-the-grid the Hermit Kingdom really is . While thriving cities and major roads are seen glowing across South Korea and China , the landscape between the two countries is so dark that it 's difficult to tell where the sea ends and North Korea begins . Pyongyang "  appears like a small island , " says NASA , noting that the light emission from the North Korean capital is equivalent to the smaller towns of its neighbor to the south . The space agency , which turned the images into a timelapse video , says city lights at night are a good indicator of the relative affluence of cities . Looking at the images , it 's hardly a surprise that energy use is dramatically different on either side of the 38th parallel . In South Korea , per capita power consumption is 10,162 kilowatt hours while in North Korea the figure is 739 kilowatt hours , according to World Bank data .	Images taken from space at night show North Korea as a black spot Lights from cities and infrastructure flicker across other East Asian nations NASA says lights at nighttime illustrate a city 's "  relative economic importance "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama unveiled his administration 's blueprint for a new national network of high-speed passenger rail lines Thursday , saying such an investment is necessary to reduce traffic congestion , cut dependence on foreign oil and improve the environment . President Obama , with Vice President Joe Biden , called for clean efficient travel Thursday . The president 's plan identifies 10 potential high-speed intercity corridors for federal funding , including California , the Pacific Northwest , the Midwest , the Southeast , the Gulf Coast , Pennsylvania , Florida , New York and New England . It also highlights potential improvements in the heavily traveled Northeast Corridor running from Washington to Boston , Massachusetts . Each of the corridors identified by the president 's report are between 100 and 600 miles long . The blueprint envisions some trains traveling at top speeds of over 150 mph . Federal grants would also be directed toward separate individual rail projects that are deemed "  ready to go , " with preliminary engineering and environmental work already completed . Watch Obama talk about rail projects " "  My high-speed rail proposal will lead to innovations that change the way we travel in America . We must start developing clean , energy-efficient transportation that will define our regions for centuries to come , " Obama said at an event near the White House . The president cited the success of high-speed rail in European countries such as France and Spain as a positive example for the United States . His plan would be funded in part through the recently passed $ 787 billion stimulus plan , which includes a total of $ 8 billion for improvements in rail service . Obama has also proposed a separate five-year , $ 5 billion investment in high-speed rail as part of the administration 's suggested fiscal year 2010 budget . "  We 're going to make travel in this country leaner and a whole lot cleaner , " said Vice President Joe Biden , speaking before Obama . The president spoke one day after the governors of eight Midwestern states sent a letter to Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood requesting stimulus funds for the construction of a regional network of faster passenger rail lines . The city of Chicago , Illinois , would be the hub of the proposed Midwest Regional Rail System , which would stretch to Madison , Wisconsin , in the Northwest ; St. Louis , Missouri , in the South ; and Detroit , Michigan , in the East . During the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama pledged to support a national network of faster passenger trains . The administration has already dedicated $ 1.3 billion in federal funding for Amtrak . The money for the rail service , which carried almost 29 million passengers last year , will go primarily to infrastructure repair and improvement .	He says it 's needed to to unclog traffic , cut oil dependence , improve environment Proposal identifies 10 likely high-speed rail corridors for federal funding He cited success of high-speed rail in Europe as positive example for U.S. Funding would come from stimulus plan , five-year investment in high-speed rail
CNN  -- As awful as Louisville guard Kevin Ware 's leg injury appeared during Sunday night 's Elite Eight game against Duke , Ware could be back on the court in six months to a year , an orthopedic surgeon says . Fans across America averted their eyes in horror Sunday night as Ware , 20 , came down wrong on his leg , causing a gruesome break . His right tibia , or shinbone , broke through the skin in what 's called an open or compound fracture . Open fractures often cause damage to the surrounding muscles , tendons and ligaments , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons . "  This type of fracture is particularly serious because once the skin is broken , infection both the wound and the bone can occur , " the academy 's website states . Ware was immediately taken to an Indianapolis hospital . In a two-hour surgery , his bone was reset and a rod inserted into his tibia , according to a statement from Kenneth Klein , senior associate athletic director for media relations at the University of Louisville . That 's typical procedure for this kind of injury , says orthopedic surgeon Dr. Fred Azar of Memphis , who is not involved in Ware 's care . After the wound is washed out , doctors address any tears in the surrounding tissue . Then a steel or titanium rod is placed inside the hollow leg bone to reconnect it where it broke . After surgery , Azar places his patients on antibiotics to lower the risk of infection . Although the fracture looked extraordinary , Azar says , he sees it all the time in his practice . Open fractures are usually the result of a "  high-energy " trauma , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons website . Orthopedic surgeon Dr. Saul Kaplan of Springfield , Virginia , says Ware may have twisted his leg as he landed , causing the bone to snap . Kaplan -- who also is not involved in Ware 's care -- said it 's also possible Ware had a benign bone tumor that weakened the tibia before his fall . If there is no nerve damage , Kaplan says , doctors will probably get Ware up and moving the day after surgery . And with intensive daily physical therapy , he could be back on the basketball court in six months to a year . Of course , with serious injuries comes the risk of serious complications , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons . The three most common complications for open fractures are infection , difficulty healing and a condition called acute compartment syndrome . That develops when pressure builds in the muscles surrounding the injury ; it 's painful and can cause tissue death if the pressure is not relieved , according to the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons website . If Ware 's leg does n't heal properly , he may need more surgery . Before leaving the court Sunday night , Ware reportedly told his teammates to focus on winning . A photo posted on the Internet shows his jubilant teammates holding up Ware 's jersey as they celebrate their win . Another showed Ware in his hospital bed , holding the trophy his teammates brought to him . "  Ware will remain in Indianapolis until at least Tuesday , when he is hopeful to return to Louisville and then join the Cardinals as they advance to the NCAA Final Four in Atlanta , " Klein said . The Louisville Cardinals take on the Wichita State Shockers at 6:05 p.m. ET on Saturday . Get updates on Ware 's condition on Bleacher Report	Louisville 's Kevin Ware suffered from an open fracture in his right tibia on Sunday Ware underwent two-hour surgery to reset his leg ; a rod was inserted into the bone Without nerve damage or complications , Ware could return to the court in six months
EW.com  -- Last year , in the avidly faithful but ultimately rather flat-footed screen version of "  The Hunger Games , " we saw Katniss  Jennifer Lawrence  triumph in a Survivor-meets-gladiator teen war to the death . How did the stoic archeress from District 12 win the "  Hunger Games " ? By making herself over into a lethally clever  but never murderous  scamp of the woods . Now it 's out of the frying pan and into the even hungrier games . In "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " Katniss has become a star , a lightning-rod symbol of the early stirrings of a people 's rebellion . But she 's still the superwarrior girl next door ; she wears her rebel impulses lightly , if not politely . EW : ` Hunger Games ' coverage On a Victory Tour of the 12 districts , she and her fellow champion , Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  , have to carry on the charade that they 're in love , and the first sign of Katniss ' insurrectionary fever is that she 's not very good at faking it .  Or maybe it 's just that Hutcherson , with his captain-of-the-cricket-team geek hunkitude , is n't much of an inspiration .  As the two speak , rebel miscreants are subdued by stormtroopers , and the crowds just get angrier . So the ruling powers , led by the velvet-voiced fascist President Snow  Donald Sutherland  , figure it 's time to nip Katniss -- and the rebellion -- in the bud with the Quarter Quell , a special , once-every-25-years edition of the Games in which past winners compete against each other . In other words : It 's all badasses . Up on stage with Stanley Tucci 's purple-eyebrowed , gleaming-white-smiled Caesar -- the Ryan Seacrest of Oz -- Katniss shows off her wedding gown , and the outfit burns down to reveal a stunning black Mockingjay dress . It 's the revolution as fashion statement -- a wink to the masses watching her on TV . But in the presidential lair , Plutarch Heavensbee  Philip Seymour Hoffman  , the sinister Games designer , predicts that the blood sport to come will squelch her popularity . He smirks , " Let 's watch her get her hands dirty ! " EW : Willow Shields talks ` Catching Fire ' Yet Katniss Everdeen does not get her hands dirty . She competes in ruthless kill-or-be-killed contests using her speed and wits , but she never has to do anything too ugly or brutal -- or , for my money , too surprising . There 's a ritualistic quality to these films that 's key to their appeal , but it also limits their capacity to truly wow us . "  Catching Fire " is more energized than the first "  Hunger Games " movie ; it 's been directed , by Francis Lawrence  I Am Legend  , with a darkly sustained verve . The Quarter Quell is more openly a contest between Katniss and the Capitol powers , and in its gimmicky way it 's more gripping -- a lethal jungle fun house , with Katniss and her allies facing down a toxic fog , a vicious tribe of baboons , even the arena itself . As newcomer Johanna , Jena Malone delivers her lines with a scene-stealing screw-it-all nastiness , and Sam Claflin nails the role of the wicked-smart former champion Finnick . As for Lawrence , she more than holds her own , turning her face into a dreamy-pale Valkyrie mask . You react to every wave of sadness and fury roiling around inside Katniss , even when Katniss is n't allowed to show it . "  Catching Fire " is smoothly exciting but a bit of a tease . It gets mileage out of setting up the Quarter Quell as some ultimate Fear Factor version of Deliverance , yet there is n't a moment of real dread in it . The film also sets up Katniss , with her sizzling  in every way  costumes and goth-Cleopatra makeup , as the feral face of revolt , but the cliff-hanger finale reveals that she is , thus far , a passive agent in this revolution . Lawrence plays her as a riveting icon of girl power , but I hope that in the upcoming sequels , Katniss gets to show another dimension or two to go along with her precocious , defiant strength . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Katniss has become a star in "  Catching Fire " Newcomer Jena Malone as Johanna is a scene stealer The film gets mileage out of setting up the Quarter Quell
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a remote south Atlantic island and have caused the birds ' worst nesting season on record , a British bird charity says . Baby albatross on a remote Atlantic island are threatened by killer house mice . The research from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds indicates bad news for the Tristan albatross , whose only home is Gough Island in the middle of the south Atlantic . House mice not native to the island are threatening the Tristan albatross with extinction , the RSPB said . The mice are also threatening the native population of bunting , one of the world 's largest finches , the RSPB said . "  Without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , " Grahame Madge , a conservation spokesman for the RSPB , told CNN . The mice on the island eat the chicks of the albatross and bunting before they make it to the fledgling stage , the RSPB said . This makes it especially difficult for the albatross population to survive because the birds lay eggs only once every two years -- a very low reproductive rate compared to other birds , Madge said . "  What -LSB- the mice -RSB- are affecting is the ability of the albatross to produce enough young to sustain the population , " he said . Adult Tristan albatross are threatened by longline fishing at sea , a practice in which boats put up numerous 100-meter long fishing lines baited with squid or fish . The albatrosses are attracted to the bait and while some manage to steal it successfully , many more get snagged and drown , Madge said . Because of the impact from house mice , introduced to the island by sealers in the 18th and 19th centuries , conservation alliance BirdLife International earlier this year listed both the Tristan albatross and the Gough bunting as critically endangered -- the highest threat level before extinction . Gough Island , a British territory almost midway between Argentina and South Africa , is a place of stunning natural beauty . The island is not inhabited by humans . Gough Island and nearby Inaccessible Island are both listed as UNESCO World Heritage sites . A survey of the albatross on Gough Island in January showed 1,764 adults incubating eggs , the RSPB said . A later survey revealed only 246 chicks had survived to fledgling . "  We 've known for a long time that the mice were killing albatross chicks in huge numbers , " said RSPB scientist Richard Cuthbert , who recently visited the island to assess the problem . "  However , we now know that the albatrosses have suffered their worst year on record . " The bunting suffer because the mice eat their eggs and chicks , and may also compete with them for food in the winter , Cuthbert said . "  The decline in bunting numbers is alarming , " said Peter Ryan of the University of Cape Town , who has been studying buntings on the island since the 1980s . "  Without urgent conservation action to remove the mice , both the albatross and the bunting are living on borrowed time . " The RSPB has been studying whether it is possible to remove the mice . It said trials so far look promising , but it urged the British government to step up funding for the project . It said eradicating the mice from Gough Island would solve the primary conservation threat facing both bird species . The RSPB said it had been working with New Zealand conservationists on a program to remove the smaller mice by dropping poisoned bait from helicopters . Tristan albatrosses are one of 22 species of albatross in the world . Albatrosses principally live in the southern Atlantic but some also live in the Pacific , the RSPB says . Albatrosses are among the largest flying birds , weighing up to 25 pounds  22.5 kilograms  . One species -- the wandering albatross -- has a wingspan of 11 feet , the RSPB says . The birds can fly thousands of miles without a pause , and their only need to touch land is to nest and raise their young , the RSPB says .	Predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a south Atlantic island House mice not native to the island are killing and eating chicks Mice are also threatening the native population of large finches
Hong Kong  CNN  Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China 's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire , provincial authorities told state media . The plant , located in Zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene  PX  , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill . Five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment , Xinhua news agency reported . More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control , the Zhangzhou fire department wrote on their official microblogging account Tuesday morning . Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire . One user wrote that he heard a loud blast and felt slight tremors . The plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013 , although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time . Though demonstrations are illegal in China , the construction of PX plants has sparked protests , which have occasionally turned violent , in several cities in recent years . The Zhangzhou plant was slated for Xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country . However , it provoked an angry backlash in 2007 due to pollution concerns and prompted the local government to relocate the factory to its current , more remote location .	A blast rocks a chemical plant in China 's southeastern Fujian province for the second time in two years Six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized The explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills
CNN  -- Dueling theories of how the universe was created got a split decision Friday night from the Texas Board of Education , which required examination of "  all sides of scientific evidence " in new science standards , but rejected language requiring teachers to teach the "  strengths and weaknesses " of scientific theories . A woman stands in front of a mural depicting the development from ape to computer user . The debate pitted proponents of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution against supporters of religion-based theories of intelligent design , or creationism . "  Science loses . Texas loses , and the kids lose because of this , " board chairman Don McLeroy , a creationist , told the Dallas Morning News . A final 13-2 vote approved language that will be printed in textbooks beginning in 2011 and remain there for 10 years , CNN affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston reported : "  In all fields of science , analyze , evaluate , and critique scientific explanations by using empirical evidence , logical reasoning , and experimental observation and testing , including examining all sides of scientific evidence of those explanations so as to encourage critical thinking by the students . " Earlier , the board rejected two sections written by McLeroy on identical 8-7 votes , the Dallas Morning News said . One section required teachers to "  analyze , review , and critique scientific explanations , including hypotheses and theories , as to their strengths and weaknesses using scientific evidence and information , " and the other required high school students to study the "  sufficiency or insufficiency " of key principles of evolution . Opponents were pleased with the board 's action on McLeroy 's sections , but unsatisfied with the final result . "  The phrase has been an open door to religious indoctrination in public schools , " Mark Finkelstein , a lawyer with the Anti-Defamation League , told KPRC , referring to the "  strengths and weaknesses " phrase in the material voted down . "  This document still has plenty of potential footholds for creationist attacks on evolution to make their way into Texas classrooms , " Kathy Miller , president of the Texas Freedom Network , told the Dallas Morning News . She predicted battles over textbooks in the coming years , a prediction McLeroy bolstered . Publishers , he said , will "  have to get their textbooks approved by us in a few years . " The size of the textbook market in Texas gives it influence nationwide , as publishers adapt their material to its standards . Darwin 's theory of evolution proposes that humans evolved over millions of years from animal species -- including , most famously , early primates that also are the ancestors of modern-day apes . Such thinking , which challenged religious accounts of a deity creating humans , was considered radical , even blasphemous , when Darwin published it in 1859 . Central to Darwin 's thesis was his scientific explanation of life 's diversity : that natural selection is enough to explain the evolution of all species . The scientific community has overwhelmingly scorned creationism and its latest incarnation , intelligent design , as a pretext for biblical explanations of how the world came to be , and asserts that there is no weakness or doubt in the scientific community about evolution . Last year , the National Academy of Sciences called for the public to be better informed about the importance of understanding and teaching evolution . The academy released a booklet titled "  Science , Evolution , and Creationism " -- the third explanation of evolution put out since 1984 by one of the nation 's leading scientific organizations . However , those who take issue with evolution believe it should be treated with healthy skepticism and argue that having high school students question a scientific theory overwhelmingly accepted by scientists teaches them critical thinking . "  This debate will impact whether students are taught to think critically and scientifically when you learn about evolution . It 's important for students to learn how to think like scientists and not be forced to treat these controversial topics like a dogma , " Casey Luskin , a policy analyst with the Discovery Institute , a group that questions the theory of evolution , said in an article in the San Antonio Express-News . Proponents of evolution say the dogma is on the other side , with the Discovery Institute and others purposely distorting and ignoring scientific evidence to reach their desired conclusion . For decades , the teaching of evolution in public schools has been a flash point in some states , with proponents of ideas such as creationism and intelligent design trying to gain a place in science classes . The issue has been before school officials , legislators and courts in Alabama , Kansas , Kentucky , Ohio , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana and Virginia . The controversy over the teaching of intelligent design came to a head in Pennsylvania , where the Dover School Board voted that ninth-grade students must be read a statement encouraging them to read about intelligent design . A federal judge said the board violated the Constitution in doing so because intelligent design is religious creationism in disguise and injecting it into the curriculum violates the constitutional separation of church and state . "  Academic freedom " bills have emerged but failed in various state legislatures , the National Center for Science Education said . An "  academic freedom " act has been adopted as law in Louisiana , and there is legislation in Florida calling for an "  academic freedom " bill that would mandate a "  thorough presentation and critical analysis of the scientific theory of evolution . " The center says such bills are strategies by creationists to appeal to the American sense of balance , and give the false sense that there are different sides to scientific issues such as evolution . "  Two plus 2 is not 5 , " said the group 's spokesman , Robert Luhn .	Texas Board of Education votes on science curriculum amendments Board votes to require examination of "  all sides of scientific evidence " Board votes down requirement to present "  strengths and weaknesses " of theories
BEVERLY HILLS , California  CNN  -- Here 's what happens when you go to interview Aretha Franklin : Her publicist will e-mail the cell phone number of her security man to your BlackBerry . Once you reach the lobby of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills , you call the cell phone . Someone will come down to get you and bring you up to her suite , where you 'll be greeted by Carlton , her longtime makeup artist . Aretha Franklin was voted the No. 1 singer of all time in a Rolling Stone survey . Then you look around , and you notice Aretha -- the Queen of Soul and recipient of 18 Grammys -- is quietly padding around the room in jeans , a turquoise T-shirt and flip-flops . She 'll offer you "  a seat and Cokes " -- then proceed to shoot the breeze , while you and your camera crew invade her room to set up for the interview . Then it hits you . You may be an Aretha Franklin groupie , but Aretha is a groupie of CNN . She loves to talk politics , and she 's up-to-the-minute in terms of information . President-elect Barack Obama is her man . After seeing his keynote address at the Democratic National Convention in 2004 , she invited him to be her honored guest at an event in her hometown of Detroit , Michigan . He could n't come , but she 's been a loyal supporter since then . She 'll sing at his inauguration in January . In the meantime , Rolling Stone magazine , in a poll of music industry heavyweights , just named her the No. 1 singer of all time . And there 's her new holiday album , "  This Christmas , Aretha . " In a career that 's spanned more than 50 years , it 's the first seasonal CD she 's ever made . Aretha helps us set the stage for Santa  eggnog optional  . Aretha Franklin : The snow is lightly falling -- you get the picture -- you 're by the fireside with your sweetie , and no Aretha ! There 's no Aretha in the music ! What 's going on ?! So I had to do an album . CNN : You 've been wanting to do a holiday album for a long time . Franklin : For many years , I 've wanted to do one , and I 've always mentioned it to the chieftains , and they would say things like , "  Oh well . Christmas albums do n't sell , " and things like that . But that 's not the point . Christmas albums are important . The music is important . The season is important . CNN : On "  This Christmas , Aretha , " there are some traditional songs and some more contemporary tunes . Franklin : We did "  Silent Night , " "  Angels We Have Heard on High , " "  14 Angels " -- which comes from the classic "  Hansel and Gretel , " the opera . What else did we do ? "  This Christmas " by Donny Hathaway and "  Christmas Ai n't Christmas  Without The One You Love  " by the O'Jays . Those two are my favorites . They 're the first two records that are going to play in the Franklin household every Christmas . CNN : What was Christmas like for you growing up ? Franklin : Christmases past , my sister , Carolyn , and I -- we 'd been waiting for Santa all night . Nothing ! Where is this man ? And we 're looking all up in the sky all night long , until I guess about 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning . Finally , we just fell out . We could n't take it anymore . -LSB- We 'd wake up in the morning and -RSB- come downstairs , and everything was under the tree ! We could n't believe it ! Where did these things come from ? You know , we just could n't believe it . CNN : Did you believe in Santa Claus for a long time ? Franklin : For a while , I did . And then I started getting the idea that it was n't Santa -- it was Dad . CNN : What 's Christmas like now ? Do you cook , or do you have someone help you cook ? Franklin : Oh absolutely , puh-leeze ! Nobody else better cook on the holidays except me ! I do everything -- the traditional fare . You have the turkey , the baked ham with the brown sugar glaze . We have the mixed greens , we have fried corn , we have the sweet potato pies , you have the potato salad -- the whole nine yards is on the table . Everything is from scratch . Men do n't like eating out of cans . And I do n't like eating out of cans too much , either . CNN : Have you ever done a cookbook ? Franklin : No , I have n't , but I plan to . CNN : Do you gather ` round the piano and sing Christmas carols ? Franklin : After dinner , we do . We sing a little bit . We might be playing cards , we might be playing Monopoly . The children are just running in and out of the rooms , and up and down the steps . They love the workout room . CNN : How many people do you generally have over ? Franklin : Usually , about 15 or so . My neighbors , my friends and family . My nieces , my grandchildren . CNN : On election night , I hear you all got together to watch the presidential returns . Franklin : We had an Obama pajama party -- and it was really cool -- at one of the casinos in Detroit . We sat there and watched the returns . Started at 6 o'clock , and we had like three or four screens going -- and , of course , we had CNN going , and I 'm not just sayin ' that because I 'm sitting here . At that magic moment , the room just erupted . It was like , "  Whoa ! " All of the screaming and just -- I can imagine what people thought outside in the hallways ! CNN : Did you ever think you 'd see a black man elected president in your lifetime ? Franklin : Absolutely . Absolutely , I did , yes -- after Reverend -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Jackson made his run , and Shirley Chisholm , so long before . I thought maybe even Colin Powell might run after Reverend Jackson . I did . CNN : Do you already have your dress for the inauguration ? Franklin : Honey , I 've had my dress for months ! CNN : I hope you have a hotel reservation -- otherwise , you 'll be begging for a bed at a youth hostel . Franklin : Oh , no . I do n't stay at those places . CNN : You want a job in Barack 's Cabinet ? Franklin : Yeah , I want a job in Barack 's Cabinet . How about a job , Mr. Obama ? Please ?! PLEASE ?!!  She cracks up .	Aretha Franklin 's new holiday album is "  This Christmas , Aretha " Franklin had never done a Christmas album , thought it was about time Famed singer will be performing at Barack Obama 's inauguration
CNN  -- Former NBA star and TNT sports analyst Charles Barkley attended the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday and answered five questions for CNN.com at the CNN Grill . Former NBA star Charles Barkley says the next president must deal with poverty and the war in Iraq . CNN.com : Why are you here in Denver ? Barkley : I just wanted to be here . I 'm just so excited . I never thought in my lifetime we 'd have a black man with a legitimate shot of being president . CNN.com : Are you a Barack Obama supporter ? Barkley : Barack has been a friend of mine for a long time . I met him when I was writing my last book , and he was running for Senate , and I got to know him , and we stayed in contact . I consider him a friend . I think he 'd make a fantastic president . I want to make it clear that if I did n't think he could do the job , I would n't vote for him . I think he 'd make a fantastic president . And I 'm not voting for him because he 's black . I think he 's a great person . CNN.com : What do you think the Democrats need to do here to win the White House ? Barkley : I think they 've got to just make sure to get those troops home from Iraq , that 's a big deal . But No. 1 , we 've got to give poor people a chance . America is divided by economics , and we as Americans , we 've got to do a better job of supporting poor people . CNN.com : How ? Barkley : We 've got to improve the public school system . If you 're born in this country poor , whether you 're white or black , you 're going to be born in a bad neighborhood ; you 're going to go to a bad school . It 's going to be very difficult for poor people to be successful . iReport.com : Are you at the DNC ? Share sights , sounds CNN.com : What are you doing in Denver for fun ? Barkley : I 'm going to the Hill Harper party tonight . Last night we just went out and had a real nice meal and just took it easy because I knew today was going to be a long day . I just want to be here . Plain and simple . CNN.com : Are you running for governor in Alabama ? Barkley : I 'm planning on running for governor . I ca n't screw up Alabama . Politics , it 's just so important , and I just want to do good things with my name , and I 'm just going to keep continuing to do that .	Former NBA player Charles Barkley says he favors his friend Obama America 's public schools should be a priority , Barkley says TNT sports analyst also says he 's running for governor of Alabama "  I just want to do good things with my name , " he says
A top retired general has confessed to taking bribes , becoming the highest-profile figure in China 's military to be caught up in President Xi Jinping 's war on corruption . Xu Caihou , formerly the vice chairman of China 's Central Military Commission that runs the two-million strong People 's Liberation Army  PLA  , was also expelled from the Chinese Communist Party and had his rank of general revoked , according to a statement from military prosecutors cited by the state-run Xinhua news agency Wednesday . The seven-month investigation , which began in March this year , found that Xu took advantage of his position to assist the promotion of other people , accepting huge bribes personally and through his family . He was also found to have sought profits for others in exchange for bribes taken through his family members . The amount of bribe was "  extremely huge " , the statement added . The allegations against Xu , 71 , were announced on June 30 when President Xi presided over a leadership meeting to expel the retired general and three other senior members from the ruling Communist Party . Zero tolerance In a statement released after that meeting , President Xi and other Chinese leaders reiterated their "  zero tolerance " for corruption in the government and military -- long a lightning rod for mass discontent across the country -- but they also acknowledged the anti-graft task would be "  ongoing , complex and formidable . " The three other former senior officials ousted from the Communist Party for corruption were Jiang Jiemin , a former minister in charge of state assets ; Li Dongsheng , a former vice minister of public security ; and Wang Yongchun , a former deputy head of state-owned oil behemoth China National Petroleum Corporation . State media characterized Xu as a big "  military tiger " caught in the massive anti-graft campaign launched by President Xi , who is also the commander-in-chief . After becoming the head of the Communist Party in late 2012 , Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  tigers and flies " alike in his fight against corruption when describing his resolve to spare no one regardless of their position . OPINION : China corruption charges no longer shock Xinhua recently touted the catching of 30 "  tigers " since Xi took power less than two years ago . Zhou Yongkang Some China watchers have noted ties between an increasing number of disgraced officials to Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar who has been rumored to be under investigation for some time . Jiang , Li and Wang have long been considered Zhou protgs . State media has reported official probes into many of Zhou 's family members as well as former associates in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and southwestern Sichuan Province -- three places Zhou once ruled . If announced , Zhou would become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . In 2013 , some 182,000 officials were disciplined while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Communist Party 's disciplinary commission . State media has cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- though called politically motivated by Bo supporters -- as one prime example of President Xi 's determination to clean up the Party .	Xu was a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission Statement : He took advantage of his position to promote others and take bribes Xu is the most senior military leader to face corruption charges in recent memory Was one of four senior members to be expelled from the ruling Communist Party
CNN  -- "  I am a canvas of my experiences , my story is etched in lines and shading , and you can read it on my arms , my legs , my shoulders , and my stomach . " -- Kat Von D , tattoo artist Tattoos have come a long way . Once lambasted as professional kryptonite and social sabotage , inked skin has now rooted itself in mainstream culture . In May , NBC News/Wall Street Journal released a poll that found 40 % of Americans have someone in their household with a tattoo , up from 21 % from 15 years ago . Last year , Forbes magazine said tattoos were becoming "  increasingly unproblematic across the board , " even in the workplace . But the workplace does n't seem to be ready for tattoos in certain areas -- mainly the face , head and neck . In 2011 , 31 % of employers nationwide told job website Career Builder that having a visible tattoo would hinder a candidate 's likelihood of being promoted . Earlier this year , Army Regulation 670-1 enforced new rules prohibiting soldiers from displaying tattoos on the head , face , neck , wrists , hands and fingers . "  Tattoos are getting more and more accepted , " said Alivia Foley , a 24-year old tattoo artist who has been inking clients full-time for six years in Seattle . "  But we 're not there yet . " "  People will start treating you differently once you become a heavily tattooed person , " said Foley , who has head and neck tattoos . Potential employers , law enforcement and even landlords can look askance at facial tats , in her experience . "  I just do n't think they 're for everybody , " she said . The accepted few Of course when Foley says highly visible tattoos are not for everybody , she means everybody who wants a professional job . For years American society has openly accepted celebrities who choose to sport highly visible tattoos . Boxer Mike Tyson , who had his face tattooed with a tribal symbol in 2003 , was an early adopter of the look . Rapper Gucci Mane said he inked an ice cream cone on his cheek because he 's "  cool as ice " and top-selling rap artist Lil Wayne has teardrops and "  Fear God " on his eyelids . Neck tattoos can be seen on anyone from urban youths to international arbiters of style . Rihanna and David and Victoria Beckham each have them . Even Oscar winner Jamie Foxx appears to have gotten a tribal symbol permanently drawn on the back of his head . "  Tattooing has gone from being counterculture to being something everyone is doing , " Foley said . "  But societal repercussions are still there , especially with highly visible tattoos on the face , neck or hands . " This is certainly true with nonfamous men and women . Canadian rapper Drake was irate when a young fan followed the instructions from his song , "  Free Spirit , " and got a tattoo of his name on her forehead . And take Jeremy Meeks , the "  Hot Felon " who boasts a Facebook fan page with more than 228,000 likes , but has had his teardrop tattoo PhotoShopped out of some Internet memes . The teardrop , often associated with gang culture and violence , does not fit the high-fashion aesthetic of his dreamy blue eyes . Perhaps our culture is more willing to overlook a criminal history than a conspicuous blotch of ink . Anyone considering a facial tattoo should be warned about the repercussions , said Foley , the Seattle tattooist . "  If a tattoo artist is not giving a lecture on a face tattoo , they 're not doing their job . " Foley will ink clients ' faces only if they are already heavily tattooed -- and even then she will meet with them beforehand to ensure they have a clear understanding of the societal risks . But those who want them can still get face , head and neck tattoos without proper consultation and warning . In fact , some crude designs are done by nonprofessionals at home or in prison settings . "  Honestly , the tattoo community used to be very tight-knit , " she said . "  But now you can buy kits off of Ebay and call yourself a tattoo artist without any apprenticeship or traditional training . " ' I feel more like myself ' No amount of warning deterred Vin Los . Los , a 24-year-old aspiring fashion model , spent years getting rejected from agencies because of his diminutive height . Finally , he says , after a New York modeling agency told him he 'd never get hired , he decided to make some changes to his appearance . Drastic changes . Los has more than 30 phrases tattooed on his body , including 12 across his face . They include words like fame , play , iconic face , sex , lick , Tokyo , and "  the most famous . " He estimated that his tattoo plans were initially rejected by eight artists . "  I know I 'm intense and I live my life to the fullest , " he said . "  But now I do n't have to tell people ` this is who I am or these are my dreams . ' " "  Now they can read it and they can see it . " Sounds like Kat Von D. Los thrives on the media attention he receives but still has not completed his dream of signing to a modeling agency . He works as a bagger in a Montreal , Canada , grocery store . "  I do n't get why people judge me , " he said . "  People look at me , but no one will say anything . A lot of people think I 'm crazy . " People 's reactions , and Los ' subsequent shock , come as no surprise to Michael Mantell , a San Diego psychologist . "  Tattoo lovers are bold , often rebellious and extremely identified with their body ink , " he said . "  They have a strong sense of identity and they have no intention of hiding . They are not scared of public opinion and would love to let others know what they believe in . " However , Mantell , who wrote an article titled "  The Psychology of Tattoos " for San Diego Magazine , said this boldness does not necessary translate into comfort with one 's self , especially when it comes to highly visible tattoos . "  Tattoos on the upper body in a spot that 's not typically covered says someone does n't care what other people think -- but do n't mistake that for a healthy sense of individuality , " he said . "  It 's more likely a sign of rebelliousness . " Mantell and Foley urged individuals to think before they ink highly visible tattoos on the face , head , neck and hands , again citing mainstream exclusion . But Los said he 's never felt more like himself . "  For 10 months , I was wearing makeup to hide the tattoos and little by little I began to show more , " he said . "  I am an artist and have always had the need to express myself , now I 'm just doing that on my skin . " Los said he is very happy with his decision and loves the way he looks . He never felt a part of society , and now he has the face to match . Do facial tattoos change your opinion of a person ? Share your take in the comments section below .	Tattoos have come a long way ; in 40 % of households somebody has one , according to a poll Highly visible tattoos on the face , neck , head or hands may not be as accepted by the mainstream Seattle tattoo artist says those with visible tattoos face rejection from employers , landlords Famous people can get away with face and head tattoos , but regular folks have a tougher time
CNN  -- South Korean president Lee Myung-bak apologized to his country for what he called "  shameful incidents " involving his family and inner circle on Tuesday . Earlier this month , his older brother , Lee Sang-deuk was arrested on bribery charges involving two troubled Korean banks . This week , prosecutors in Korea sought arrest warrants for two former aides to Lee on the suspicion of receiving bribes from the same two banks , according to Yonhap , a South Korean news agency . Lee addressed the nation with a speech that was carried live . "  I came into the office with firm determination to bring a clean political climate , " Lee said . "  I tried , by returning my entire fortune to the society and donating my salary . I was proud that I thought I brought in good results . But my heart collapsed and I can not keep my head up after what happened to people so close to me . " "  This is all my fault , " Lee said . His brother , Lee Sang-deuk is a former six-term lawmaker and has widely been considered the major force behind Lee 's presidential election in 2007 . Lee Sang-deuk has remained in a detention center since his arrest on July 11 , over allegations he received about half a million dollars from the banks Solomon and Mirae in exchange for exerting influence over officials investigating the banks , according to a court official . The operations of those two banks were suspended in May for six months by authorities . In his address to the nation , Lee said he felt pain and regret over the scandals . "  I will receive any criticism as if it is sweet , " he said . Lee is not running for re-election this year because South Korean presidents are limited to a single five-year term . But the recent scandals could affect his political party in the December elections . "  I express sincere apology to the people , " Lee said . Lee 's brother is not the first relative of a South Korean president to face criminal charges . Former President Roh Moo-hyun committed suicide in 2009 amid an investigation into a bribery scandal that had tarnished his reputation . His older brother was convicted and sentenced to prison . Former President Kim Dae-jung 's three sons were also imprisoned for corruption by the end of his presidential term .	South Korean president Lee Myung-bak apologized for recent scandals Lee 's older brother and aides are suspected of receiving bribes "  This is all my fault , " Lee said in a speech to the nation
EW.com  -- "  The Office " ends its nine-season run this month , and rumors have been swirling with respect to how the stories will wrap up and who will return to say goodbye . At the forefront of the rumors is former "  Office " star Steve Carell , who led the Dunder Mifflin crew as General Manager Michael Scott for seven seasons . His particular delivery of Scott 's insensitive and naive dialogue drew many viewers to the show , and fans are desperate for news of his return . NBC announces ` The Office ' retrospective special Predictions Monday by TV Line have narrowed a Carell appearance to a cameo , having confirmed by unnamed sources that Michael Scott will indeed return for a final farewell moment . Last week on "  Late Show With David Letterman , " Mindy Kaling claimed not to remember if Carell would be in the finale or not . When pressed , she said she had signed a nondisclosure agreement and did n't want to lie to Letterman . ` The Office ' debuts farewell web series featuring Will Ferrell , more In a conference call with reporters last week , show creator Greg Daniels danced around the query , saying , "  I think Steve felt , and I agree , that the ` Goodbye , Michael ' episode was his goodbye and he did n't want to overshadow the ending that all the other characters deserved . " Daniels did n't specifically say that an appearance by the former boss was out of the question , only that he left on a good note . NBC has not yet returned EW 's request for comment . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Office " will end its nine-season run this month Rumors are swirling that former star Steve Carell will return for the finale Show creator Greg Daniels has danced around the question NBC has yet to comment
REAL SIMPLE  -- With soaring gas prices and travel costs , the cheapest route to whisk yourself away this summer is through a good book . Ten top-selling authors share their favorite lazy-summer-day reads .  One-day reads Augusten Burroughs "  The Member of the Wedding , " by Carson McCullers "  A slender 163 pages , but it inhales all the light , matter , and gravity in the vicinity . Stunningly evocative and gorgeously written , this truly magnificent book will replace your entire life for one perfect day . " Jackie Collins "  Whacked , " by Jules Asner "  She 's a first-time author , married to director Steven Soderbergh , and this delicious tale of revenge -- set in L.A. -- rocks ! " Nelson Demille "  The Prince , " by Niccol Machiavelli "  It 's , well ... Machiavellian . A great help if you 're dealing with a summer landlord or a difficult au pair . " Janet Evanovich "  The Concrete Blonde , " by Michael Connelly "  A classic in Connelly 's Harry Bosch detective series -- and one of my favorites . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Principles of Uncertainty , " by Maira Kalman "  Gorgeous and touching . A quirky year-in-the-life as told by one of our most wonderful illustrators -- short in words , but rich in little visual pleasures . " Philippa Gregory "  Dragonwyck , " by Anya Seton "  A gothic novel set in 1844 America . At times it 's utterly ridiculous , but it is truly haunting . Think an American Jane Eyre at high speed . A great book to gulp down in a day . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time , " by Mark Haddon "  Its hero , an autistic 15-year-old , is one of the most poignant in contemporary literature . " James Patterson "  No Country for Old Men , " by Cormac McCarthy "  The only thriller I have ever read that also qualifies as art , at least in my mind . " Jodi Picoult "  The Third Angel , " by Alice Hoffman "  I inhale anything Alice writes , but this stunning book is among her loveliest . Once I started it , I did n't put it down . " Danielle Steel "  Change of Heart , " by Jodi Picoult "  Anything by Jodi Picoult . "  Books for a long weekend Augusten Burroughs "  The House of Mirth , " by Edith Wharton "  The only thing more delicious than spending a weekend reading The House of Mirth is reading it in the grass or on the sand . Mosquitoes will leave you alone . It will not rain . This is Edith Wharton . Nature bends . " Jackie Collins "  The Great Gatsby , " by F. Scott Fitzgerald "  Jay Gatsby is so charismatic , sexy , and mysterious , and I love him . Good to share with a guy in bed ! " Nelson Demille "  The Gold Coast , " "  by me " "  What can I say ? Read it on the beach and attract favorable comments . " Janet Evanovich "  The Two Minute Rule , " by Robert Crais It 's Crais , for crying out loud ! Who would n't want to spend a weekend with Robert Crais ? " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down , " by Anne Fadiman "  The heartbreaking true story of an immigrant Hmong child 's epilepsy and the American doctors who tried to ` cure ' her  not realizing that traditional Hmong families see epilepsy as something of a blessing  . A story of moral and cultural complexity . " Philippa Gregory "  Lottery , " by Patricia Wood "  A hugely feel-good novel that had me laughing out loud at the hero 's rise to happiness from absolute despair . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Tenderness of Wolves , " by Stef Penny "  A gripping , atmospheric murder story set in the snowy wastes of Canada , with some wonderful descriptions of an extreme landscape . I never knew I could be so riveted by snow ! " James Patterson "  Mrs. Bridge and Mr. Bridge , " by Evan S. Connell "  Astonishingly different points of view , in two books , from a wife and a husband , on the history of a family 's life in Kansas City . " Jodi Picoult "  Skeletons at the Feast , " by Chris Bohjalian "  A Bohjalian novel is guaranteed to be rich in character and gorgeous writing . This latest , based on a real journal , delves into the history of World War II . " Danielle Steel "  Become a Better You , " by Joel Osteen  Books to savor all summer Augusten Burroughs "  Tennessee Williams , Flannery O'Connor , and Tillie Olsen . Spend the entire summer with them . It does n't matter what you read or which order you read them in . The wisdom and heartbreak centers of your brain will be electrified . I do not have the words to tell you what a fine summer you will have and how much you will never regret it . " Jackie Collins "  The Godfather , " by Mario Puzo "  You can re-reread it all summer and it will still seem fresh and so true . The characters jump off the page . " Nelson Demille "  Of Human Bondage , " by W. Somerset Maugham "  Not for the beach , but for rainy days and quiet summer nights . One of my favorites . " Janet Evanovich 65 Years of Little Golden Books "  Pictures , smiles , happy endings -- a trip back to simpler times . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  The Treasury of Oz , " by L. Frank Baum "  If by some miracle I had a summer to sit and read , I would treat myself to rereading the most delightful books of my childhood -- the Oz books . Baum sent plucky Dorothy back to Oz more than a dozen times after The Wizard of Oz , and her wondrous adventures just get better . If you can borrow a 10-year-old to share this experience with , all the better ! " Philippa Gregory "  History Play : The Lives and Afterlife of Christopher Marlowe , " by Rodney Bolt "  This takes you into the fictional heart of Shakespeare 's England , suggests a wonderfully imaginative explanation of the genius of the Bard 's plays , makes your head spin with possibilities -- and makes you wonder who did write all those wonderful plays . " Sophie Kinsella Jane Austen : The Complete Novels "  Austen is a perennial delight . " James Patterson "  One Hundred Years of Solitude , " by Gabriel Garca Mrquez "  Absolutely magnificent magical realism , and probably my favorite novel ever . " Jodi Picoult "  Sadly , the only books I 'll be savoring all summer are college information guides , since I have a senior in high school next year . " Danielle Steel "  Danielle Steel : "  Books to dip into and out of Augusten Burroughs The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson "  We know Emily Dickinson lived in olden days and she was a poet and seldom left her home . But read one of her poems -- any one will do -- and you 'll see the evidence of a glittering genius . You will be amazed by what one brilliant woman can accomplish alone in her bedroom without e-mail , a telephone , or a best friend . " Jackie Collins "  Anything by Elmore Leonard . Short , smart , hilarious . " Nelson Demille "  The Atlantic Book of British and American Poetry , " edited by Edith Sitwell "  Sitwell picked the best of the best in the English language . Excellent with a bottle of wine on the porch or the patio . " Janet Evanovich "  Disney Princess The Ultimate Sticker Book " "  Stick Snow White and Cinderella on the pages and make up your own stories . " Elizabeth Gilbert "  Meditations , " by Marcus Aurelius "  I keep a copy by my bed . And the fact that the ruminations of a second-century Roman emperor bring me comfort , delight , and inspiration is a clue to how timeless this is . Even those of us who are n't governing empires can benefit from these musings on courage and decency . " Philippa Gregory "  Sappho : A New Translation , " translated by Mary Barnard "  It sounds fearfully heavy , but it is absolutely contemporary in feel . A friend who teaches a course in Sappho sent me one poem : ` Do n't ask me what to wear . ' This is a poet who lived thousands of years ago , yet her work will make a modern woman laugh with recognition . " Sophie Kinsella "  The Portable Dorothy Parker , " edited by Marion Meade "  I adore her wit and dark humor . " James Patterson "  Nine Horses , " by Billy Collins "  Collins makes writing accessible poetry seem easy . " Jodi Picoult The Best American Short Stories "  I am a sucker for this collection and keep a copy of the 2007 edition , edited by Stephen King , in the guest room of our lake house . " Danielle Steel "  Anything religious . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jackie Collins recommends "  Whacked , " by Jules Asner , a tale of revenge set in L.A. James Patterson picks the thriller "  No Country for Old Men , " by Cormac McCarthy For a long weekend , Danielle Steele likes Joel Osteen 's "  Become a Better You " Sophie Kinsella : " -LSB- Jane -RSB- Austen is a perennial delight "
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Syria 's embattled government allowed about 200 activists and intellectuals , including some it had previously jailed , to hold a conference on democratic reform Monday at a Damascus hotel . "  We must change this tyrannical regime to a democratic , civilian one , " Louay Hussein , a writer and one-time political prisoner , said . "  How that transition happens is a question this conference is trying to address . " Hussein said the conference would "  not necessarily " find an answer to that question , "  But that is the big question in this country now . " About 200 Syrian dissidents gathered in the hotel ballroom , including several signatories of a 2005 declaration that called for a democratic transition . But some of those who have been risking arrest or bodily harm as President Bashar al-Assad tries to suppress a wave of anti-government protests say the people in the hotel do n't necessarily speak for them . "  The big question regarding this conference is , where are the young people ? " asked Wissam Tarif , a pro-democracy activist based outside Syria . "  Where are the people who are on the streets ? Where are the voices of the people who are from Daraa , or from Douma , or from Jisr al-Shugur , or from Idlib ? I think those are the voices that have been missed so far . " Tarif is executive director of the Spain-based human rights group Insan , which says more than 630 people have been killed and 8,000 jailed in the clampdown . Other human rights activists have put the death toll at more than 1,100 . For its part , a Syrian military spokesman said Sunday that more than 400 police officers and government troops and police have been killed battling "  armed gangs . " CNN can not independently verify either claim . But Maan Abdul Salam , one of the activists who gathered in Damascus , said , "  I think it 's time for us to say our political statement . "  There is the statement coming from the street , there is the statement coming from the authorities and there is the statement coming from everywhere outside the country , " he said . "  It 's time for this group to say what they think and find solutions . " And Hussein said the street protests are needed to "  put pressure on the state to stop its dominance over society . " If that does n't happen , he said , "  Then we are definitely at risk of going back to jail -- and for a very long time . " In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday 's conference was "  a worthwhile step , " but told reporters that "  the violence has to stop . " "  For it to be truly significant , it has to be part of a cessation of violence against the Syrian people . It has to be part of an embrace of the idea that they need to have a national dialogue about their future , and that that transition needs to take place with the regime leading it or getting out of the way . " The al-Assad family has ruled Syria since 1971 , with Bashar al-Assad taking power after his father 's death in 2000 . He held out a promise of reforms and a "  national dialogue " in a speech last week that was met with widespread skepticism . Hussein said he expected the government to try to exploit Monday 's conference and hold out those who attended as "  the reasonable ones . " But he added , "  We will always try to defend the street , because it is also a reasonable , right and peaceful street that always protests peacefully . " CNN 's Hala Gorani and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Dissidents meet unmolested in Damascus hotel amid clampdown "  We must change this tyrannical regime , " a former political prisoner says Other activists say the Syrian street was n't represented White House calls event "  a worthwhile step " but says violence has to stop
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNET  -- The fact that you now can explore the ocean through Google Earth is n't going to make Google much money directly . But the move is nonetheless smart . The new Google Earth 5.0 software allows users to explore the ocean depths from their computers . Google generated early-stage goodwill from being the best answer to the online search problem . But the company is large and getting larger , especially as it shows a better ability to withstand the recession than rivals , and that goodwill wo n't last forever . Google Earth , though , gives the company a new way to bring its brand to the world , notably with students for whom the software will help supplant atlases and encyclopedias . And in the long run , as Google Earth and Maps -- either as standalone software or used through a browser -- will likely become a widely used virtual window on the real world . Google will control the technology and commercialization of that portal . Will the visibility of the ocean depths on Google Earth make money directly ? Not likely . But it adds incrementally to the overall utility of the software , which in the long run keeps it relevant . "  The near-term opportunity is in local search , " for example people looking for restaurants or hotels , said John Hanke , director of Google Earth and Maps , in an interview . Google has begun experimenting with advertisements on Google Maps and Google Earth , added Peter Birch , product manager of Google Earth , at the launch event . Since people often need to discover information about a place before going there , Google Earth and Maps could prove a lucrative endeavor . It may take years to get there , and it 'll cost Google dearly in server hardware and network bandwidth , but Google has shown patience in subsidizing long-term projects . Though Hanke would n't reveal the expense of Google 's geographic services , some of the economics are in the company 's favor . Just as Google 's search engine takes advantage of innumerable information that others put on the Internet , Google Earth is a platform that houses information supplied by outsiders that Google does n't have to pay . It 's the Internet 's user-generated content story , but this time it 's data that can be overlaid on a map of the Earth . And in the case of the ocean work , there are prestigious users generating high-quality content . Many ocean researchers gathered at the Google Earth 5.0 launch , and several showed there 's pent-up demand for a way to conveniently display their data somewhere . And it 's not just to share sea surface temperature data with fellow Ph.D. s , but also to try to educate the public . Ken Peterson , communications director for the Monterey Bay Aquarium , was excited about his layer in Google Earth that shows the location of various types of fish -- along with ratings for people about whether they should eat those varieties or substitute others . Barbara Block of Stanford University and Patrick Halpin of Duke University were eager to show the tracks of shark travels recorded by radio transmission to satellites . Ross Swick of the University of Colorado-Boulder showed a Google Earth animation of the gradually shrinking Arctic ice cap over the last 29 years . And Philip Renaud of the Living Oceans Foundation has supplied underwater video of the Red Sea as part of the foundation 's mission to chronicle the state of coral reefs . Hanke envisions much broader information , though , including consumer-oriented material such as the best dive spots and kite-surfing areas . Ultimately , he wants "  every single location " on Earth , land or sea , to have information . "  We 're trying to encourage our users to annotate all the places in the world . Part of what we 're doing is seeding that ecosystem of spatial information , " Hanke said . "  That creates an opportunity for Google to provide location services on phones , mobile devices , in cars in the future , to guide people to the best places . Being a valued guide , the go-to source of information about the best places to go -- that will be a powerful and valuable thing for Google . " Think of it as a second Internet in a way , only instead of using abstract names to locate information , you can use actual locations to locate information . Some refer to the idea as the "  geographic Web . " The clearest illustration of the indirect benefits Google Earth can bring is the fact that the company could persuade former Vice President Al Gore , whose climate change documentary won him an Oscar and a Nobel Peace Prize , to bear the Google Earth standard . In effect , he provided an eco-halo that can offset the more down-to-earth capitalistic realities of Google 's operation . Google seems to share the altruistic , educational motivations of many researchers . But it 's also got business in mind with Google Earth . "  We try to create products people love to use , " Birch said . "  We create value , then think of appropriate ways of monetization . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Imaging the ocean depths via the new Google Earth 5.0 is a smart move for Google It adds to the overall utility of the software , which in the long run keeps it relevant Ocean researchers attended Google 's launch and are eager to display their data Eventually , Google wants to provide data on "  every single location " on Earth
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's dermatologist did not rule out that he may be the biological father of Jackson 's children , and Dr. Arnold Klein denied that he ever gave Jackson dangerous drugs . When asked if he were the father of Jackson 's oldest children , Klein said "  not to the best of my knowledge . " Klein , in an interview Wednesday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " denied that he was on the list of doctors being investigated by the Los Angeles Police Department . When he saw that someone gave Jackson a dangerous drug , he was the one "  who limited everything , who stopped everything , " Klein said . Jackson danced around Klein 's Beverly Hills office just three days before his death and was "  not in terrible pain , " Klein said . Debbie Rowe , who was briefly married to Jackson and gave birth to his two oldest children , worked for 23 years in Klein 's office , he said . The doctor refused to say whether he thought Rowe should get custody of them instead of Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson . Photos : Stars come out for memorial " "  I ca n't make those answers , because ` should have ' and ` will ' are two different things , " he said . Klein was scheduled to talk to CNN 's Larry King about Michael Jackson on Wednesday night . Klein 's response when Diane Sawyer asked whether he was the biological father of Jackson 's children left open the possibility that he was . Watch why Paris Jackson 's comments were a surprise " "  Not to the best of my knowledge , " Klein said . "  All I can tell you is , best of my knowledge , I am not the father of these children . But I am telling you , if push comes to shove , I ca n't say anything about . " Klein said he "  ca n't answer it in any other way , because , you know what , I do n't want to feed any of this insanity that is going around . " Katherine Jackson was given temporary guardianship of the children by a judge several days after her son 's death . Rowe was considering whether she will seek custody or visitation of the two born to her , her lawyer said last week . The Los Angeles County coroner is waiting for toxicology test results -- not due for at least another week -- before determining what killed Jackson last month . The death certificate listed the cause of death as "  deferred . " Watch the latest details in the Jackson probe " Sources said Tuesday that when Jackson collapsed , his arms were riddled with marks , and their veins had collapsed , both characteristics found in intravenous drug users . The revelations add to the growing speculation that prescription drugs played a part in Jackson 's death . Klein said that when Jackson came to his office the week of his death , there were no indications anything was wrong : no "  problems of slurred speech , shorten movement or anything . " Watch Klein deny he is the father of Michael Jackson 's children " "  I saw nothing at that point that would make me worry whatsoever , " he said . "  But I was always concerned about him , because I was always worried about other doctors . " He said "  the problem with Michael " was that because he was rich , "  no matter what he wanted , someone would give it to him . " Klein said he once convinced Jackson not to take Dilaudid , a drug he said was "  10 times stronger than morphine . " "  I said , ` You ca n't take that . It 's poison . Throw that in the trash , ' " he said . "  And I got him to throw it in the toilet . But I ca n't be there every minute . " Klein said that LAPD investigators have not contacted him and that he is "  not one of the doctors " being questioned about Jackson 's drug use . "  I have given him medication , yes , " he said . "  He could take all the medication I have given him in a year , and nothing would happen to him . " Klein said he has "  sedated him in the past , " when he "  put him through very painful procedures . "  There was nothing wrong with the manner I treated Michael , because what I had to do is restructure for an individual who had lupus , who had terrible acne scarring his face , " he said .	Dr. Arnold Klein says singer seemed in good shape Is Klein father of two oldest Jackson children ? "  Not to the best of my knowledge " Klein will appear on "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night
CNN  -- Law student Blake Rider summed up the feelings of many Democrats late Tuesday night : "  I can finally sleep again , " he said . President Barack Obama was was re-elected with 303 electoral votes to Mitt Romney 's 206 . In a race that seemed too close to call until the votes were tallied , Americans ultimately chose four more years . Even though voters indicated to pollsters that their financial situation is the same or worse than it was four years ago , they put their trust in the president . Obama "  got off to a semi-rocky start , but I think that with another four years , we have a good chance , " said Brian Anderson , who celebrated Obama 's victory in the streets of Washington . "  We have a foundation now . ... We can only go up from here . " "  His re-election ... will allow me to stay in school and have health protection , " agreed Atlanta college student Cydney Fisher . Like Fisher , many Americans considered health care when voting ; exit polls had its importance second only to the economy . Mitt Romney supporters were obviously disappointed with the results of the close election , but they were comforted somewhat by the House of Representatives remaining under Republican control . "  Hopefully Obama can turn it around , " wrote CNN.com commenter otacon7272 . "  At least he wo n't be able to make things that much worse with the GOP in control of the House . " Others were n't quite so optimistic . "  I 'm sorry , but what I see ahead for America is what we see in Third World countries now , " said Kathi Cordsen of Fullerton , California . "  Everyone is poor except the government ; everyone relies on the government for everything . " Members of both parties were quick to weigh in on what they 'd like to see in the next four years . "  Let 's see some action this time , " said Dina Boyer of Palo Alto , California . She 's an Obama supporter , but hopes the president 's policies will have a more concrete effect on her life in the next four years , such as allowing her to make a living wage and stop using food stamps . "  I would also like to see a New Deal of sorts , more money put into rebuilding states and cities hit by disaster or economic ruin . " "  I want to see Obama get spending under control , " said Romney voter Elizabeth Lauten . The D.C. resident had hoped that Romney would cut the deficit if he won . "  I think  Obama  believes he wants to increase taxes on the wealthy . I do n't agree with that , but there has to be a solution . " And some questioned whether the election would make much of a difference to the country at all . "  I see little being accomplished unless members of Congress and the president finally start talking with one another , find where they can agree and do what is right for we , the people , " said Republican Mark Ivy of Farmersburg , Indiana . "  I am not sure if either Republicans or Democrats will be that willing to compromise . Once elected , we expect our officials to lay aside the party hats and work for all Americans . I am afraid they wo n't . " But Rider -- the sleepless Obama voter who can finally get some rest -- disagrees . "  I think it has a profound impact , " he said . "  I just think  it  is a fundamental question of which direction we want to take -- there is symbolism here . " Opinion : Five things Obama must do CNN 's Henry Hanks , Jareen Imam and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Voters sharply divided on what Obama win means for U.S. Democrats say Obama 's laid a foundation and can now take action Republicans hope to see bipartisan efforts CNN iReport : What do you think the election means for you ?
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier arrested in connection with the killing of a Mexican drug cartel member in El Paso , Texas , allegedly worked as a hit man , court records say . Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , is a soldier based at Fort Bliss . Pfc. Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday in connection with the shooting death of the mid-level drug cartel member who also worked as an informant for the United States , according to a complaint affidavit . Apodaca joined the Army a year ago and worked as a crew member on a Patriot missile launcher , officials at Fort Bliss in El Paso told CNN . "  He was in the top of his class , " said Dave Jackson , his grandfather . "  You talk to all his sergeants . He 's a good soldier . Now , before he went in  and joined the Army  , he was in , he was in with a bad crowd . " Police identified the other suspects as Ruben Rodriguez Dorado , 30 , and Christopher Andrew Duran , 17 . The three men each face one count of capital murder , El Paso police said . The victim , Jose Daniel Gonzalez Galeana , was shot multiple times in front of his home on May 15 . The three men are being held on $ 1 million bond . Duran and Rodriguez told police that Apodaca was paid to be the shooter , the affidavit states . Cell phone records , witness statements and El Paso Police detectives corroborated this , according to the document . Orders to kill Gonzalez came from the same cartel he worked for , the affidavit said . Gonzalez had become a target because the cartel believed he was leaking information to authorities , the document said . The victim and one of the suspects , Rodriguez , were in the Juarez cartel , based across the border from El Paso , police spokesman Chris Mears told CNN . Police believe that Apodaca and Duran were not cartel members , he said . The three arrested men 's phone records showed their approximate locations on the night of the killing , according to court documents . The pattern showed that the suspects were tracking Gonzalez and followed him to the scene of the crime , the affidavit states . During an interrogation , Rodriguez told investigators that he ordered Gonzalez 's execution and that he paid the participants for their role in the killing , the affidavit states . Apodaca joined the Army in September 2008 , according to a statement from Fort Bliss in El Paso . He is a member of the 11th Air Defense Artillery Brigade at Fort Bliss , the statement said . El Paso County District Court records show that Apodaca was arrested 10 days after Gonzalez 's killing and charged with attempted theft of property , a second-degree felony . He posted a $ 10,000 bond a few days later . CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	NEW : 18-year-old was "  a good soldier , " grandfather says U.S. soldier arrested in connection with killing of Mexican drug cartel member Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday Other suspects are Ruben Rodriguez Dorado and Christopher Andrew Duran
CNN  -- Investigators have named Casey Anthony a suspect in the mid-June disappearance of her toddler daughter , Caylee , Florida authorities said Wednesday . Casey Anthony had been called a "  person of interest " in her daughter 's disappearance . Police had previously labeled Anthony -- who authorities said did n't report the 3-year-old child 's disappearance until mid-July -- a "  person of interest " in the case . "  Casey is a suspect , " said Orange County Sheriff 's Department Capt. Angelo Nieves . "  She has been uncooperative , leading investigators down the wrong path and lying to them . She has not provided any credible information about the last time she saw her or where she was left . " Casey Anthony of Orlando , Florida , was arrested July 16 on suspicion of telling detectives lies about Caylee 's disappearance . She was released on bail after that arrest and subsequent arrests on unrelated theft charges . Authorities said weeks ago that evidence suggests Caylee is dead . Investigators found evidence of human decomposition in the trunk of Anthony 's car , authorities have said . Law enforcement sources also suggested that a strand of hair found in the trunk of the car was Caylee 's . Watch Nancy Grace speak to Casey Anthony 's "  babysitter " " Authorities also have said they found traces of chloroform in the car Anthony drove and Internet searches of chloroform Web sites on her computer . Anthony and her daughter have garnered national headlines and served as fodder for nightly crime shows . Protesters have held vigils outside Anthony 's home pleading with her to give police more information about Caylee 's whereabouts . In connection with her July arrest , Anthony was charged with child neglect , making false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation . CNN 's Andrew Iden and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Police : Casey Anthony has been "  leading ... investigators down the wrong path . " Caylee Anthony , 3 , reported missing month after her June disappearance , police say Police have said evidence suggests Florida toddler is dead
CNN  -- FBI agents have executed 40 search warrants throughout the United States as part of an investigation into recent coordinated cyber attacks targeting major companies , the agency said . The United Kingdom 's Metropolitan Police Service executed additional search warrants and arrested five people for their alleged role in the attacks , the FBI said in a statement Thursday . A group calling itself "  Anonymous " has claimed responsibility for the attacks , the FBI said . The attacks were allegedly carried out by people who are active supporters of WikiLeaks , but are not affiliated with the website , a federal law enforcement source said . Late last year , the group launched take-down campaigns against organizations that have shunned the site WikiLeaks . Under the banner "  Operation Payback , " the Anonymous group successfully crashed MasterCard.com and strained the websites of Visa and PayPal . Anonymous allegedly makes its attacks not through hacking , but merely by directing a giant traffic surge to the targeted website . That 's called a DDoS attack , short for distributed denial-of-service -- and it 's hard for most websites to defend against . "  The attacks were facilitated by software tools the group makes available for free download on the internet , " the FBI said in a statement . Facilitating or conducting such attacks is illegal and punishable by up to 10 years in prison , the FBI said . CNNMoney 's Julianne Pepitone contributed to this report .	The alleged attackers are part of a group that calls itself "  Anonymous , " the FBI says Source : The attacks were allegedly carried about by active supporters of WikiLeaks The group makes tools available online to flood websites with traffic , the FBI alleges
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho insisted his team can still win Spain 's La Liga despite their humiliating 5-0 defeat to arch-rivals Barcelona in the Camp Nou on Monday night . Mourinho admitted Real had suffered a "  much deserved loss " in the first Clasico clash of the season , but claimed it was not a true reflection of the abilities of the two sides . "  It was n't an embarrassment , " the 47-year-old told a post-match press conference . "  It 's the biggest loss of my career but it 's an easy loss to swallow because it 's a loss in a game that you have no chance of winning . " " -LSB- There was -RSB- a team that played to its maximum potential and a team that played very poorly . It 's a much deserved loss , but again , it was an easy loss to swallow . " Five-star Barcelona thrash Real Madrid It was Mourinho 's first defeat since arriving at the Bernabeu and left reigning champions Barcelona two points clear of Los Blancos at the of the top of the standings . But with 25 matches still remaining in Spanish season , the Portuguese is still optimistic his team can hit back . "  The league championship will be decided a long time from now , " he said . "  After the match , I told the players that the league is n't over yet . We have to have mental fortitude . "  When you win important things , you have a reason to cry for joy and when someone scores five against you , you have to leave with an eagerness to play the next game . "  Barcelona is a finished product . Real Madrid , even though it has been playing well , is n't a finished product . But the result today was not indicative of the difference that exists between both teams . " The match had been billed as a clash between two of the world 's best and most evenly-matched teams , but Pep Guardiola 's men dominated in front of their home fans . They were 2-0 up inside 20 minutes through goals from Xavi and Pedro . A brace from David Villa and a late strike by substitute Jeffren completed the humiliation and Barca coach Guardiola could not have been more satisfied . "  How we did it , that makes us proud , " he told the club 's official website . "  Now just let us sit back and enjoy that win . " He singled out Argentina ace Lionel Messi , who emerged on top in his personal duel with Real 's fellow superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . "  Messi is the best of them all . In all aspects of his game he is just the best . " Mourinho will hope his team can bounce back in a difficult home fixture against fifth-placed Valencia on Saturday , while Barcelona travel to Osasuna on the same day .	Jose Mourinho refuses to write off his side 's chances of winning Spanish title His team were beaten 5-0 at the Camp Nou in his first defeat as Real Madrid coach Mourinho says his team played very poorly and "  deserved to lose " Barca coach Pep Guardiola hails Lionel Messi as the best player in the world
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former NFL linebacker Junior Seau died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound Wednesday , according to police . He was 43 . A handgun was found near his body in a bedroom of his Oceanside , California , home by officers responding to an emergency call from a woman who said she was Seau 's girlfriend , Oceanside Police Chief Frank McCoy said . She told police she returned to the home about 9:30 a.m. and found Seau "  unconscious , suffering from a gunshot wound to the chest , " McCoy said . Seau could not be revived by paramedics , McCoy said . "  This case , at this point , is being investigated as a suicide , " McCoy said . SI : Death puts football under scrutiny Seau 's grieving mother cried loudly as she spoke outside the home just two hours after police were called there . "  I pray to God , ` Take me ; take me ; leave my son , ' but it 's too late , " Luisa Seau said . Seau 's parents are from the island of Aunu'u , American Samoa . "  My brother was a loving brother , caring citizen , " his sister , Annette Seau , said as she asked journalists to respect the family 's privacy . "  I know you guys will overblow this . " Seau was charged with domestic violence against his 25-year-old live-in girlfriend in October 2010 after police were called to his home . Hours after that arrest , he drove his car off a cliff and landed on the beach in Carlsbad , California . Police later concluded it was an accident caused by lack of sleep . Seau was drafted into the NFL in the first round in 1990 out of the University of Southern California . He debuted with the San Diego Chargers , establishing his Hall of Fame potential as a Pro Bowl staple . He left San Diego before the 2003 season to join the Miami Dolphins and spent parts of the last four seasons with the New England Patriots before retiring in January . Seau amassed 1,526 tackles , 56.5 sacks and 18 interceptions in his 20-season career . "  Junior was an icon in our community . He transcended the game , " Chargers President Dean Spanos said . "  He was n't just a football player ; he was so much more . " SI : Californian never forgot his roots Chargers head coach Norv Turner , who worked with him in both San Diego and Miami , said "  no one had more character and true leadership ability than Junior . "  He brought passion to the game of football that was unmatched , " Turner said . "  His commitment to charitable causes in the community was inspiring . " Other NFL linebackers copied Seau 's aggressive style , veteran linebacker Coy Wire said . "  He played the game the way it was meant to be played , " Wire said . "  Junior was one-of-a-kind , " a Miami Dolphins statement said . "  The league will never see anyone like him again . " "  Junior Seau was one of the greatest legends in USC football history , " USC Athletic Director Pat Haden said . "  He will always be remembered by USC as the original number 55 . " The NFL Players Association said "  the 12-time Pro Bowler achieved a level of success on the field that is unparalleled , and his off-the-field service accomplishments are beyond admirable . " "  He had a legendary NFL career , and his unrivaled passion for the game quickly made him a fan favorite here in New England , " the Patriots said .	"  I pray to God , ` Take me ; take me ; leave my son , ' but it 's too late , " Seau 's mother cries Case "  is being investigated as a suicide , " the police chief says Seau 's girlfriend called police to the home , the chief says Seau , 43 , was drafted in 1990 by San Diego Chargers out of University of Southern California
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was inevitable that a tragedy on the scale of Hillsborough , when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during an FA Cup semifinal with Nottingham Forest , would have a transformative effect on English football . A Liverpool supporter Wednesday , outside Anfield . Ninety-six fans died from the 1989 Hillsborough disaster . But there was little reason to believe 20 years ago that , rather than being pushed even further towards the margins of society , the sport was on the brink of a revolution that would give birth to a global sporting phenomenon . Even before Hillsborough , it had seemed as if there was something irredeemably rotten at the heart of English football . Hooliganism , a scourge synonymous with the English game , had receded from its peak in the 1970s but English clubs were outlawed from European competition after rampaging Liverpool fans caused a wall to collapse at Brussels ' Heysel Stadium before the 1985 European Cup final , causing the deaths of 39 people , mostly supporters of the Italian side Juventus . British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , showing little understanding or patience for the traditions of the sport , had virtually ghettoized fans , promoting a scheme to have each supporter issued with an identity card . On the field , sides such as Liverpool , Tottenham Hotspur and Nottingham Forest were renowned for their attractive play but elsewhere a corrosive cult of long ball football pervaded the game . That trend seemed to find vindication when arch-exponents Wimbledon , who in the course of a decade had bullied and scrapped their way through four divisions to reach the top flight , defeated Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final , prompting match commentator John Motson to declare that "  the Crazy Gang have beaten the Culture Club . " With its clubs banned from Europe , many top British players opted to leave England altogether -- Gary Lineker and Mark Hughes to Barcelona , Glenn Hoddle to Monaco , Chris Waddle to Marseille -- adding further to the sense of terminal malaise . Hillsborough had not been caused by hooliganism but the tragedy was a product of the environment that hooliganism had created ; stadiums resembling decrepit fortresses , the fans caged inside steel bars and heavy-handed policing which treated all supporters equally -- as potential troublemakers . Coupled with Heysel and a fire at Bradford in 1985 in which 56 fans died , it also served to reinforce the belief that going to a football match was something which could put your life in danger . In "  The Last Game : Love , Death and Football , " a book examining the lasting impact of the events of 1989 on the sport , author Jason Cowley describes Hillsborough as English football 's "  psychological moment , the point of no return . " "  The culture of the game had to change definitely if football was ever to be perceived as anything more than the preserve of the white , working class male , a theatre of hate and of violence , often racist and misogynistic excesses , if it was to survive at all , " says Cowley . English football not only survived but within a few years had reinvented itself , in the elite "  Premier League " division of the country 's top clubs at least , as an internationally recognized super brand capable of attracting the world 's best players and broadcast around the planet . The engine for this transformation , in the wake of Hillsborough , was the Taylor Report , an inquiry into the causes of the disaster which called for the steel fences inside grounds to be dismantled and for the phasing out of the traditional terraces of standing fans with all-seater stadiums . Initially clubs received government funding to help them meet the costs but the sport was about to receive an injection of cash that would radically change its financial prospects . Despite its poor reputation , there remained a huge appetite for televised football -- ironically , itself a by-product of the fact that many supporters were no longer going to matches . Realizing this , the country 's top clubs broke away from the game 's traditional power structure , setting up the Premier League and selling TV rights for # 191 million  $ 286 million  to media tycoon Rupert Murdoch 's newly established satellite television venture , BSkyB . The money was a shot in the arm for football , while Sky 's coverage regenerated interest in the sport by repackaging it as something shiny , exotic and exciting . On a Europe-wide scale , the replacement of the old knockout format European Cup with the Champions League achieved something similar , creating a clique of continential superpowers . The television rights boom also convinced many in the sport that football could actually be profitable . Some clubs raised more cash by floating on stock markets and others , such as Bolton , Middlesbrough and Sunderland , invested in shiny flying saucer-like new stadiums . But the success of the Premier League also owed something to events on the pitch . If Hillsborough marked a nadir for English football , the 1990 World Cup in Italy -- and Paul Gascoigne 's tears during the national side 's epic semifinal defeat by West Germany -- offered a moment of catharsis that rekindled many casual fan 's residual love for the game . Subtle changes to the rules implemented worldwide by FIFA , including banning back passes to goalkeepers , automatic sendings off for professional fouls and changing the offside rule to give the benefit of the doubt to forward players , gradually made the game a more attractive spectacle . Meanwhile , the emergence of Alex Ferguson 's young and exciting Manchester United team as the Premier League 's dominant force , perfectly captured the spirit of the new age yet grounded the game in the traditions of the past . Finally , the 1995 Bosman Ruling , which granted players across Europe freedom of movement when out of contract , and the end of restrictions on the number of foreign players teams could field , created an international transfer market which lifted the horizons of the English game and brought genuine world class stars including Eric Cantona and Dennis Bergkamp , and eventually Cristiano Ronaldo and Fernando Torres , to the Premier League . Still , for many football fans , the glamour and wealth of the Premier League , with its homogenized stadiums and corporate entertainment suites -- in which clubs are bought and sold by global plutocrats from Siberia to Texas via Thailand and Abu Dhabi -- represents a betrayal of the sport 's traditional values . "  There 's still a powerful nostalgia among fans of my generation for a lost , less aggressively commercial era of football , when the game seemed less cynically concerned with exploiting the loyalty of those who pay to watch and with selling itself to a global audience , " says Cowley . Yet in a week when four Premier League sides featured in the quarterfinals of the Champions League and public appetite for the game appears insatiable , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that English football is in a better state than anyone who witnessed the horror at Hillsborough 20 years ago could ever have dared believe . More importantly , it is virtually inconceivable to imagine the circumstances in which 96 fans died ever being repeated in an English stadium .	English football has been transformed in 20 years since Hillsborough tragedy Disaster created impetus for all-seater grounds , improvements in infrastructure Top clubs also benefited from creation of Premier League and sale of TV rights The English Premier League is now the world 's most watched sporting league
Joe Clancy , the interim director of the U.S. Secret Service , said that the agency has been "  severely damaged in recent years by failures " and explained some key mistakes made by the Secret Service when a fence jumper was able to run inside the White House two months ago . In his appearance before the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday , Clancy , who was tapped to lead the agency last month , also laid out protocols the Secret Service is trying to improve in the wake of the fence jumper and other problems in the past few years . "  I openly acknowledge that a failure of this magnitude , especially in light of other recent incidents , requires immediate action and longer term reform , " he said . His appearance comes a week after the Department of Homeland Security published a report revealing failures in training , equipment and communications at the agency . Clancy said when the jumper , Omar Gonzalez , started to scale the fence , officers nearby outside the barrier started shouting verbal commands before sprinting over and coming "  about an arm 's length or two arms ' lengths short of reaching him " before he breached the fence . Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , joked that Gonzalez "  got further in the White House than some of my Republican colleagues have ever gotten . " He asked if a moat would be effective in stopping future White House jumpers . "  Sir , it may be , " Clancy replied , but added the Secret Service tries to recognize the accessibility and historic nature of the White House . Their first step , Clancy continued , is working with the National Park Service to "  do something with the fence , " including possibly making it taller . In the short term , Clancy said a bike rack now sits in front of the fence to provide one extra obstacle . Pressed on whether anyone at the agency was punished for violating protocol in the incident , Clancy said "  this was not an intentional violation of the code " and no discipline was given . Clancy was chosen for the job after former Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigned in the wake of the fence jumping incident as well as a string of controversies involving the agency in recent years . One of those included a shooting incident that happened on November 11 , 2011 , in which it took days for the Secret Service to confirm that there were , in fact , evidence of bullet impacts on the White house fa  ade . Clancy said in his remarks that there are new fixes to improve and better enforce policies regarding those in close contact with the president . This comes after Obama was -- unknowingly -- in an elevator with an armed contractor at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta back in September . After working under former President George W. Bush , Clancy worked with the President and first lady Michelle Obama on outlining a plan of action to protect their daughters . He then entered the private sector as executive director of Comcast Cable Security . He left after three years for his current role as the Secret Service 's interim director .	Joe Clancy promises a bottom-to-top assessment of the troubled agency Clancy was brought in after former Director Julia Pierson resigned last month Rep. Steve Cohen suggested that a moat around the White House might help
In the wake of Chris Dorner 's death , much of the talk has already turned to his political views . In the wake of a tragedy , it is understandable to ask why this happened . It is appropriate to discuss ways to keep it from happening again . But we should draw the line at suddenly giving an exalted place in our national discourse to the political rantings of a murderer . Before he met his end , Dorner took the lives of several human beings and wounded a few more . One of those killed was a father of two . The law enforcement officers killed were simply doing their jobs , trying to keep us safe . San Bernandino County sheriff : ` This investigation is over ' Today , with the families of the dead still grieving , it is very hard for me to shift away to focus on Dorner 's political views . The families of the victims are still in shock and mourning . Think of their friends and relatives , who are still shocked and devastated . How much would it hurt them if they turned on the TV and heard , instead of tributes to those lost , pundits going on about a crazy man 's Facebook manifesto ? We should not be "  using this occasion " to debate various theories of racial justice -- not while the blood of the innocent is still fresh on the ground . Dorner 's actions have invalidated his notions of justice ; killing innocent people is not the proper method to advance the cause of justice , period . Furthermore , why should any of us participate in giving Dorner exactly what he wanted ? We should not validate his quest for attention by discussing his political thinking , especially not while mourning families are planning funerals . Ex-LAPD cop gains sympathizers on social media Dorner might have raised intriguing questions on the way to his insane conclusion . But real insights are available elsewhere , from sources that are infinitely more credible . There are many better spokespeople for the cause of racial justice than Dorner . In Los Angeles , there are hundreds of people who have been working to reform the Police Department through legal means , without harming anyone . The people who deserve to be talked about today are the victims of this violence and the people who are trying to make positive change in peaceful , lawful ways . I do n't want to reference Dorner in any way except for what he was -- someone who was very disturbed , who needed mental health support and who cruelly took the lives of those devoted to service .	Van Jones : In the wake of Chris Dorner 's death , pundits are talking about his political views Jones : We should not give a place in our discourse to the political rantings of a murderer He says Dorner killed several people ; we should respect families of the victims Jones : There are many better spokespeople for the cause of racial justice than Dorner
Washington  CNN  -- A bomb threat made at an airport ticket counter in Dayton , Ohio , prompted a search of a US Airways flight that landed safely at Washington 's Reagan airport Sunday , authorities said . A law enforcement official said Sunday afternoon that no explosives have been found and the scene is now clear . The woman who made the threat in Ohio , who was taken into custody , may have mental health issues , the official said . Hours earlier , the FBI , Transportation Security Administration and the Federal Aviation Administration began probing reports of "  a bomb on board US Airways Flight 2596 , " FBI spokeswoman Lindsay Godwin said . The flight originated in Dayton and was closer to Washington when the threat was made , "  prompting officials to let the plane proceed , " Godwin said . The US Airways flight departed on time , at 11:42 a.m. , but landed about 30 minutes later than scheduled at 1:36 p.m. , according to the airline 's website . The plane was preparing to land when the airport was told to hold the flight , said Courtney Mickalonis , a spokeswoman for Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . Upon landing , the plane was directed to a remote runway and the 44 passengers were deplaned , Mickalonis said . US Airways spokeswoman Tina Swail said three crew members also had been aboard the CRJ 200 plane . A K-9 team alerted to a checked bag , TSA said , and local police are investigating . Kristin Lee , a Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman , said Sunday afternoon that the agency is "  aware of a verbal bomb threat . " All passengers safely were taken off , and the bomb squad swept the plane , she said in an e-mailed statement . Video showed luggage scattered on ground around the runway just outside the aircraft . One person dressed in bomb squad gear opened and looked at the bags , one by one . Other aircraft could be seen taking off from the airport . But US Airways ' express flights -- like the one from Dayton -- are experiencing delays as a result of the incident , airline spokeswoman Tina Swail said . The plane 's passengers , meanwhile , were being questioned by FBI investigators , Mickalonis said . CNN 's Jonathan Helman , Mike M. Ahlers , Carol Cratty and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : The woman who made the threat may have mental issues , an official says NEW : No bomb is found and the scene in Washington is now clear , the official adds The threat was made in person at a ticket counter in Dayton , Ohio 44 passengers who safely deplaned are being questioned , an airport official says
CNN  -- When Macedonia celebrated the 20th anniversary of its independence from the former Yugoslavia last month , it did so in a capital city that has been radically transformed over the past two years . Almost 20 new buildings -- and a similar number of statues , fountains and monuments -- are being built around the center of Skopje . The transformations are being made as part of a project called Skopje 2014 , aimed at rebuilding a city that lost many of its landmarks in a 1963 earthquake . The centerpiece , in place in time for the anniversary celebrations on September 8 , was a 22-meter statue , called Warrior on a Horse . It is widely understood to depict Alexander the Great , but has not been officially named as such because of a long-running dispute with Greece , to whom the ancient king is a national hero . There is also a new Museum of Macedonian Struggle , which opened on Independence Day , a triumphal arch , a new foreign ministry building , a new constitutional court , a new national theater and a new archaeological museum , among other buildings . Country profile : Macedonia The official cost of the project is 80 million euros , although critics claim the final bill could be as high as 500 million euros , according to the online newspaper Balkan Insight . Skopje 2014 has divided Macedonians , some of whom say a country with more than 30 % unemployment , according the U.N data , should not be spending so much on a building project . Goran Atanasovski , who runs an independent tourism website travel2macedonia.com.mk , said : "  The project splits the people , like a river between the coasts , some of them are for it , while others are not . "  The controversy for the project is mostly that Macedonia belongs to a group of countries with high unemployment level . " However , Zoran Nikolovski , the government 's head of tourism , said : "  Skopje already has a totally new look from it did two years ago , and by 2014 it will have even more new buildings . Even in this global economic crisis we are building , not only buildings and attractions but also a new infrastructure and accommodation capacity , like brand new airports , roads and hotels . "  At first there was misunderstanding from people , but now they are seeing that it is really beautiful for people who live in Skopje as well as for travelers . " What do you think of the new buildings ? Send in your images Others question the taste of classic antiquity buildings and bronze statues . One Macedonian who asked not to be named said : "  I try to avoid the city center now . It has turned into a theme park . Wherever you turn there are new bronze statues and sculptures . It 's as if they 're trying to create a national identity . "  I would have thought in the 21st century we should be building something modern , urban and contemporary . I ca n't imagine any other city building a triumphal arch in the 21st century . " Regardless of personal opinions of the project , Skopje 2014 and other infrastructure investments do appear to be helping Macedonia to attract foreign tourists . Nikolovski said there had been a 25 % increase in foreign tourists visiting Macedonia in the first seven months of this year , compared with the same period last year . Atanasovski said : "  Whether it was due to Skopje 2014 or not , this was first season that I 've actually seen mass groups of foreign tourists with a travel guides in the downtown and the Old Bazaar . "  This is the first year when Skopje received more tourists than Ohrid , the leading tourism destination of Macedonia . " Official government statistics show a steady increase in foreign tourists arriving in Macedonia from 99,000 in 2001 to almost 262,000 last year . While the majority come from neighboring countries , there has been an increase in recent years from further afield , including Austria , Germany , Russia , Poland , Italy and Turkey . Nikolovski said : "  We have a lack of opportunities for mass market tourism because we do n't have a coastline , but we do have beautiful lakes and mountains and interesting culture and history . " He said the country was also developing its gambling tourism market , with a number of casino hotels . The government has recently introduced policies to boost tourism including a reduction in sales tax on hotels and catering from 18 % to 5 % and subsidies to attract tour groups from certain countries . Atanasovski said : "  The previous years , usually the tour operators have been including Macedonia as a part of wider Balkan tours and have n't stayed in Macedonia longer than a day . Starting from last year , the number of nights spent in Macedonia has increased . " Regardless of money spent on grand projects and infrastructure , national pride has been given a boost from a quarter that no politician could plan . Macedonia 's 20th anniversary celebrations coincided with the national basketball team unexpectedly reaching the semi-finals of the European championships . "  Honestly , I have n't seen the people of Macedonia so happy and proud before , " said Atanasovski . "  Flags were all over , on people , on cars , on windows . People have replaced their economic problems with a smile and happiness . "	Skopje 2014 is a multi-million euro project to rebuild city center Triumphal arch , warrior statue and new museum opened for Macedonia 's 20th anniversary celebrations Macedonia increases foreign visitor numbers by 25 % this year
CNN  -- Italy 's supreme court on Tuesday explained its earlier ruling that American Amanda Knox be retried in the 2007 death of her roommate , saying the jury that acquitted her did n't consider all the evidence , and that discrepancies in testimony need to be answered . The high court also said evidence could support prosecutors ' initial argument -- that Meredith Kercher was killed in a twisted sex misadventure game at Kercher and Knox 's home in Italy , the high court said , according to Italian news agency ANSA . The appeals court jury that acquitted Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , in 2011 "  neglected significant evidence " and theories , the high court said in a 74-page explanation . Knox and Sollecito 's retrial , which could start as soon as the fall , should examine discrepancies in testimony , the high court said . These include differing witness accounts of when screaming could be heard from the home , ANSA reported . The high court overturned the acquittals in March , but withheld its full reasoning until Tuesday . Kercher , a 21-year-old British exchange student , was found stabbed to death in November 2007 in the villa she rented with Knox , then 20 , in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Knox : Sometimes I ca n't stop crying Knox and Sollecito were arrested that year and convicted in 2009 of murder in Kercher 's death , but the jury overturned the conviction in 2011 . Knox then returned to her home city of Seattle , Washington . In legal paperwork published in December 2011 , the judge in the case wrote that the jury had cleared the pair of murder for lack of evidence proving they were guilty . Another man , Ivorian drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of Kercher 's killing . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Francesco Maresca , attorney for Kercher 's family , appeared satisfied after reading the high court 's reasoning Tuesday . The ruling "  represents a very harsh judgment of the appeal trial , " Maresca said . An attorney for Knox said that he respects the ruling but he does n't agree with it . The high court , he said , was supposed to consider only the legitimacy of the appeal but instead attempted to re-examine the whole case . "  This means that we are going to do again a trial that has already been done , a trial in which there is no clear evidence , " attorney Carlo Della Vedova said . Knox may be ordered to return to Italy for the retrial . If she refuses , the Italian government could appeal to the U.S. government for her extradition . But even if it does , it 's not clear whether the United States would extradite her . When asked Tuesday if Knox would return to Italy to face the new trial , Della Vedova replied : "  Would you send your kid back ? "	Italian high court : Evidence could support a sex-game theory High court : "  Significant evidence " was neglected in Amanda Knox 's acquittal Knox was convicted in 2009 for a stabbing death in Italy , but was acquitted in 2011 The high court ordered a retrial in March , and released its reasons Tuesday
Washington  CNN  -- A comprehensive bill on veterans affairs awaiting President Barack Obama 's signature includes provisions that would expand restrictions on protests at military funerals such as those carried out by Westboro Baptist Church of Kansas . Under the "  Honoring America 's Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 , " which won final congressional approval Tuesday , protesters must be at least 300 feet from military funerals from two hours before they start until two hours after they end . Violators could face unspecified fines and up to two years in prison . The Kansas church has attracted nationwide attention for its angry , anti-gay protests at the funerals of U.S. military members . 2011 : Counter-protesters confront Westboro Baptist Church at Arlington It won an appeal at the U.S. Supreme Court last year in a case that tested the competing constitutional rights of free speech and privacy . There was no immediate response Thursday to a CNN e-mail to the Westboro Baptist Church seeking comment . Led by pastor Fred Phelps , the church believes God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country shouting at grieving families at funerals and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for dead soldiers , " "  God blew up the troops " and "  AIDS cures fags . " According to the church website , they will continue protesting at military funerals . It was unclear whether enactment of the new law would change the church 's plans or whether the church would mount a legal challenge against it . The new restrictions expand on provisions in a federal law passed in 2006 that banned protests within 300 feet of national cemeteries from an hour before a funeral to an hour after it , with violators facing fines and up to a year in prison . The Supreme Court case involved a protest by Westboro members outside the 2006 funeral for Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder in Westminster , Maryland , near Baltimore . Snyder 's family sued the church in 2007 , alleging invasion of privacy , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy . A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were later reduced to $ 5 million . The church appealed the case in 2008 to a federal appeals court , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's allegations that its First Amendment rights were violated . The case then went to the Supreme Court , which issued a narrow ruling based on the facts of the specific appeal . By an 8-1 vote , the high court said members of Westboro Baptist Church had a right to promote what they call a broad-based message on public matters such as wars . A majority of states across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the Westboro church protesters . 2011 : Army veteran pleads to misdemeanors in Westboro stalking case Church members say their broader message is aimed at the unspecified actions of the military and those who serve in it . They believe U.S. soldiers deserve to die because they fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . The congregation is made up mostly of Fred Phelps and his family . The pastor has 13 children , and at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " 2011 : Foo Fighters protest Westboro Baptist Church CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Congress has passed measure as part of comprehensive bill on veterans affairs It bans protests two hours before and after military funerals A Kansas church has held hundreds of anti-gay protests at military funerals The Westboro Baptist Church won a Supreme Court ruling for its right to protest
CNN  -- One person was killed and another injured in a chemical plant explosion late Thursday near Charleston , West Virginia . Sterling Lewis Jr. , West Virginia 's fire marshal , told reporters Friday morning that a helicopter took the injured person to a burn unit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Several thousand people were ordered to stay indoors for safety early Friday after the 10:30 p.m. Thursday blast at the Bayer CropScience plant raised fears about air quality . The plant produces crop-protection chemicals in Institute , an unincorporated community in Kanawha County , West Virginia . Jeannie Young , 38 , turned off air conditioners , closed vents and taped windows shut at her St. Albans home after the nearby explosion . "  My daughter and I have headaches , " Young said . She said she smelled something unusual and noticed something odd after taking her three dogs out around 11 p.m. Thursday . "  They acted really funny , " she said . "  They wanted to come right back in the house . " Watch how the plant blast puts a scare into West Virginians " Young endured a few hours of anxiety with her 15-year-old daughter , Brittney , as authorities closed parts of Interstate 64 and fought a blaze at the plant . "  It was , like , really scary at first , " Brittney said . Emergency officials in Kanawha County ordered people to stay inside in the cities of South Charleston , Cross Lane , Dunbar and St. Albans , where the Youngs live about four miles from the plant . iReport.com : Where you there ? Share your story Authorities lifted the order about 2:15 a.m. after the Bayer CropScience plant told the county that the explosion did not send contaminants into the air , said Carolyn Charnoch , director of the 911 system in Kanawha County . The blast sent flames leaping into the night sky , casting an orange glow on industrial towers , but firefighters had extinguished the blaze by about 2 a.m. , she said . A few people complained of a foul odor , she said , but authorities had not heard from anyone complaining of health problems related to air quality , Charnoch said . Mike Dorsey of the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection sought to reassure people that the air was safe to breath . The plant contains potentially dangerous chemicals , he said , but the explosion did not release them into the air . "  People should not be concerned about coming outside , " he said . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Lateef Mungin and Mark Bixler contributed to this report .	NEW : Blast at Bayer CropScience plant kills one person , injures another Firefighters extinguish fire about four hours after blast Residents asked to remain indoors after explosion raised concerns about air quality Plant produces crop-protection chemicals
CNN  -- The author of the Sookie Stackhouse series of supernatural thrillers and inspiration for HBO 's popular drama "  True Blood , " Charlaine Harris , is putting her eye for suspense toward an equally arresting subject : Video games . Produced for iPlay , the fruit of her labor , downloadable PC puzzler "  Dying for Daylight , " features an original tale starring Dahlia , a wisecracking , fashion-forward vampire hunting for a potion that lets vampires survive in sunlight . A hidden-object game designed for casual play by both women and men , it aims to bridge the gap between paperback readers and gaming fans , leveraging Harris ' gift for crafting clever characters and scenarios . Now that she has contributed to one of a growing range of collaborations between the gaming and publishing industries , we asked Harris why critics have n't written the final word on interactive entertainment 's potential to craft compelling narratives yet . CNN : How do video games compare to books and TV as a storytelling medium ? Harris : Video games are visual like TV , but involve a certain amount of comprehension that TV often does n't . It 's a refreshing change from both books and TV , I find . CNN : What key differences are involved in writing for passive and interactive formats , e.g. novels vs. games ? Harris : For me , writing books is about the progression of the characters as they change to meet circumstances on their way to the climax of the book . Games seem to have a more clearly cut goal and to require little change on the part of the character you 're maneuvering through the stages of the game . Since I have discovered I 'm really linear , the one step forward , one step back structure of games was at first very frustrating ; you do n't keep going forward but are having to go back to get this item or that item . Perhaps it 's more like real life in that respect ! CNN : Many authors , such as Stephen King , Harlan Ellison , Michael Crichton and James Patterson have dabbled with gaming in the past . Will we see more embracing the format going forward ? Harris : I 'm sure more will , simply because it 's another way to publicize your books , after all . And it 's a fresh and fun market for many writers ; the chance to do something different is always interesting . CNN : Digital seems to be the watchword for authors these days . Do you believe games and interactive fiction , like Kindle Singles , eBooks and other virtual platforms , may someday reinvent publishing ? Harris : I 'm certain digital will permanently alter the publishing industry . I hope that books will not completely go by the wayside , but I fear they will . I love to hold a book in my hands , but I ca n't deny it 's much more convenient and green to have all my books on one device and to be able to take that device with me when I travel , instead of bulky and heavy books . For that time alone , eBooks are worth it . And the same thinking applies to all the other uses . Portable is the way the world is going . CNN : Knowing this , are games becoming a better medium both artistically and commercially than typical channels such as books , essays and short stories for writers to make their mark ? Harris : No , not yet . Short stories put your name in the path of the reading public , and therefore publishers . Publishers will take you much more seriously if you 've had several short stories in reputable markets like magazines or anthologies . I do n't know how much credence they 'd put in a book proposal by a writer who 'd written games , but I 'm willing to believe that is mounting . I think any way you can get published is good though , as long as you 're getting paid for it . I do n't know if games have the power to create a career , but they certainly could add to one . CNN : What do titles like "  Dying for Daylight " allow you to do that you could never accomplish with print media ? Harris : I 'm hoping that people who enjoy playing the game will decide to read my books , naturally . This is a chance to reach out to a whole new audience . Also , it 's simply fun for me . CNN : How do you foresee the worlds of literature and gaming continuing to collide in the future ? Harris : I 'm sure that mystery , with its defined structure and clear goal , is a great genre for gaming . Science fiction , with its "  quest " structure , also adapts well . I think more and more of the big names in those genres will come to the adventure of gaming with good ideas and I look forward to seeing that .	"  Video games are visual like TV , " author says "  Dying for Daylight " features an original tale starring a fashion-forward vampire Author : "  I 'm hoping that people who enjoy playing the game will decide to read my books "
CNN  -- No country has a higher life expectancy than Monaco -- and it 's not even close . The average life expectancy in the tiny European principality is 89.73 years , according to the CIA World Factbook . That 's a full five years more than Macau , which was second on the list at 84.41 . It 's also 10 years more than the United States , which comes in at No. 49 with an average life expectancy of 78.37 . The world average is 67.07 . Twenty-nine nations have life expectancies over 80 , but there are also eight under 50 . It might not be surprising that Afghanistan  45.02  is part of that eight . The rest are African countries , including last-place Angola  38.76  , which is still rebuilding from a 27-year civil war that ended in 2002 . Angola also has the highest crude death rate in the world , with 23.4 deaths a year for every 1,000 people , the CIA World Factbook says . More comparisons Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Monaco has highest life expectancy in world at 89.73 , CIA World Factbook says Average life expectancy in world is 67.07 years ; the United States is 78.37 years Angola ranks last in life expectancy at 38.76 , CIA World Factbook says
WIRED  -- LinkedIn announced a new platform Wednesday for its business-focused social networking site -- offering websites and developers easy tools to embed "  recommend " buttons , company-profile boxes and contact widgets on third-party websites -- as well as a way to log in to other sites using LinkedIn . Calling it "  a new platform for building the professional web , " LinkedIn is seeking to challenge Facebook 's growing control over online identity . Once just a site for sharing photos and updates with friends , Facebook has woven itself into the fabric of the net with its Open Graph platform , that lets other websites embed Facebook widgets , install "  Like " buttons , plug-in a commenting system , and let users log in with their Facebook credentials . Though LinkedIn 's new platform does n't mention Facebook by name , the term "  Professional Web " clearly shows the company trying to position itself as a more mature and respectable alternative to Facebook . The new tools rely on JavaScript APIs and the OAuth 2.0 system for logins  the same as used by Yahoo , Google and Twitter , among others  . Among the offerings : -- A Share button that posts a link to a page or news story to the user 's feed on LinkedIn . -- A Recommend button to give a vote to a product you like . WIRED : LinkedIn scores $ 53 million -- Member profile widgets that show the LinkedIn profile of a company executive or website owner . LinkedIn 's Share button joins a growing number of plugins that try to get users to spread the news about a site or news story , a pantheon that includes Facebook 's Like , Twitter 's Tweet button , and social voting and submission widgets from Digg and Reddit . For those who run their own blogs or websites , LinkedIn is making it simple to show off a snippet of your LinkedIn profile and for visitors logged into LinkedIn , they 'll see thumbnails of connections they have in common . Companies can also embed widgets that shows off employee profiles or profiles of companies featured on their site or in a news story , showing off the ones that are "  in " your network . The box can also be configured to show off key information about the company -- and a link to its official LinkedIn page -- instead of employee profiles . WIRED : LinkedIn to lay of 10 % of staff It 's a powerful challenge . LinkedIn has a solid and growing user base , one that 's shown it 's willing to pay for extra features . The company is preparing for an IPO , and extending the power of LinkedIn 's focus on business , not pleasure , outside of its online walls could help the company grow into a powerful competitor to Facebook . WIRED : Let IPOs bloom again -- LinkedIn files with SEC It would be the "  real world " site that people graduate to , from the college fun of Facebook . Unfortunately , LinkedIn 's platform faces the tough challenge of coming almost a year after Facebook debuted its Like button and its Open Graph API . In social networking years , it feels like almost a decade , and LinkedIn will have to work hard to convince websites and busy developers that it 's worth their time to graduate to the "  professional web , " as well . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	LinkedIn announces new platform for its business-focused social networking site Sites can embed "  recommend " buttons , company-profile boxes , contact widgets LinkedIn seeking to challenge Facebook 's growing control over online identity
CNN  -- Unknown gunmen fired into a crowd of people outside an elementary school in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , Wednesday afternoon , killing one person and injuring four others , a Juarez municipal police spokesman said . "  A group of unknown gunmen were chasing down a target who ran to the Ricardo Flores Magon elementary school . He was with another woman , and they were being chased . The gunmen caught up to them outside of the school and fired into the crowd without caring about the people there , " municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . School was in session at the time of the shooting at 2 p.m. local time  3 p.m. ET  , but none of the children were injured , Sanchez said . The students at the school are in the 10-to-11-year-old range , he said . It was their first week of classes . Journalists at the scene reported children witnessed the shooting . Teachers at the school did not want to talk to reporters , saying they were still in shock . Three women and one man were injured , including the woman who was accompanying the man targeted , Sanchez said . The women who were shot were waiting for their children outside of the school . There was no indication any of the victims were involved or connected to drug trafficking , but that was part of the municipal police investigation , Sanchez said . The suspects are still on the loose . The gunmen were seen traveling in a Volkswagen Jetta carrying AK-47s , witnesses to the incident told CNN . Drug traffickers in Mexico have a reputation for prefering AK-47s . Earlier this week , the Chihuahua state government said that 225 women have been murdered in Juarez this year . Ciudad Juarez is across the border from El Paso , Texas , and has been the scene of some of Mexico 's worst violence in recent years . CNN Stringer Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses tell CNN they saw gunmen carry AK-47s , travel in a Jetta Man shot , killed in front of students at school in Ciudad Juarez ; 4 others injured Police : Suspects "  fired into the crowd without caring about the people there " No students were injured in the attack ; suspects still on the loose
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of tourists , scientists and amateur astronomers gathered Wednesday along Australia 's northern tip to witness a rare total solar eclipse . For just two eerie minutes in the early hours of the morning local time , the country - known for its blistering sunshine - was plunged into a chilly darkness . Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches , in boats and even hot air balloons to catch a glimpse of the celestial light show which , according to NASA , is unlikely to be seen again in the same region for another 360 years . Submit your solar eclipse photos A solar eclipse happens when the moon , as it orbits Earth , passes directly in front of the sun , obscuring its rays and casting a shadow on Earth 's surface . Sometimes referred to as a "  happy accident of nature , " a total solar eclipse occurs when the moon is perfectly aligned with both the sun and Earth , so it appears from our perspective that the sun is completely blocked . iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment for CNN , sending in images from across the region -- from Australia , New Zealand and even from a cruise ship hundreds of miles off the Australian coast . Chad Loel Rademan captured stunning images of the eclipse while on a cruise specifically for keen sky watchers . "  The weather almost killed it -- there were heavy clouds at the start and everyone was very somber and nervous , " he said . "  The ship manoeuvred toward breaks in the clouds and we got lucky -- it emerged from the breaks in time for the eclipse . " Bright spark or dimwit ? Take the solar eclipse quiz Maj Coop from Brisbane , Australia , sent in an unusual image of the eclipse -- as seen through an X-ray of her mother 's hand . "  The neighbors probably thought I was a bit strange holding up this X-ray for a while , but after I while I realized it actually looked quite interesting - like my mother was reaching out to hold the sun in her hand , " she said . The eclipse was not entirely confined to Australia -- in Wellington , New Zealand , iReporter Sam Hill decided that , even though they would not see the eclipse in all its glory , it was still worth capturing . "  I thought it would be cool to take a few photos because I have n't seen an eclipse in my lifetime , " he said . Hundreds of onlookers used popular photo-sharing app Instagram to lend a cinematic , retro feel to their sun shots . Many included the #CNNCelebrates hashtag and sent in their best snaps to iReport . Dave Thompson sent in his image of the eclipse in Pormpuraaw , rural northern Queensland , Australia , via Instagram . He summed up the mood when the big moment finally arrived in one simple word : "  epic " .	A total solar eclipse was visible over Australia 's Northern Territories on November 14 iReporters were on hand to capture this extraordinary astronomical moment Onlookers gathered at vantage points on beaches , in boats and even hot air balloons
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's sister Janet thanked the crowd at the BET Awards Sunday night for paying tribute to her late brother . Joe Jackson , father of Michael Jackson , attends the BET Awards on Sunday in Los Angeles , California . "  My entire family wanted to be here , but it was just too painful , " she said , holding back tears . "  To you Michael is an icon . To us Michael is family . And he will forever live in all of our hearts . " The star-studded BET Awards was an appreciation of Michael Jackson , who died Thursday at age 50 . Watch Janet Jackson talk about her brother " He was "  the greatest star in the world , " Joseph Jackson , father of the late entertainer , said on Sunday night . "  I wish the world had recognized him when he were living , " Joseph Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon outside the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California . "  Right now he 's bigger than ever . But I wish he was here to see all this , to hear all this . " When asked about circumstances surrounding his son 's death , he said , "  I have a lot of concerns but I ca n't get into that . ... I do n't like what happened . " Watch Joe Jackson at the BET awards " The awards opened with a fleet-footed New Edition , with Bobby Brown , performing an energized version of the Jackson 5 hit "  The Love You Save , " to raucous praise . Host Jamie Foxx wore a red , leather "  Beat It " jacket for his opening monologue and did his best to imitate Jackson 's backward glide across the floor . See photos of the show 's tributes " In addition to Foxx , presenter Jeremy Piven mixed praise for Jackson with comic relief . "  If it was n't for Michael Jackson , people like Justin Timberlake would be selling curly fries in the valley , " the actor said . "  I mean that with love . " iReport.com : Fans share love for Jackson This year 's performers included , Beyonce , Keyshia Cole and R&B artist Neyo who performed a hard-hitting tribute to the 1990s with appearances by acts Keith Sweat , Guy and Bell Biv Devoe . Watch celebrities walk the red carpet before the show " The presenters included the past and present Uhura of "  Star Trek " : Zoe Saldana , who starred in the film , and Nichelle Nichols of the TV show . The show also honored the soulful Ohio trio , The O'Jays , who were presented the Lifetime Achievement Award . Tevin Campbell performed a rendition of The O'Jays classic "  Forever Mine . " Johnny Gill , Tyrese and Trey Songz performed a rumbling , soulful medley of The O'Jays hits that had some in the audience wondering if Songz was older than his years . Among the award winners , Atlanta , Georgia-based singer Keri Hilson , who was nominated in four categories , received best new artist and Beyonce won best female artist . Debra L. Lee , chairman and chief executive officer of Black Entertainment Television , said Jackson 's death both saddened and energized the awards organizers . "  When we heard the news of Michael Jackon 's passing we knew immediately we 'd have to change the nature of this show , " she said . "  We put the show together in a matter of three or four days . It 's truly been a labor of love for us , " Lee said .	Even on the red carpet , the talk is about Michael Jackson This year 's show was to recognize musical legacy of soul trio , The O'Jays Jamie Foxx performs in red , leather "  Billie Jean " jacket ; does wobbly moonwalk Janet Jackson : "  My entire family wanted to be here tonight -- It was just too painful "
The Obama administration , after initially resisting the idea , is weighing whether to deploy National Guard troops to the southern border to help address a surge of migrant youth from Central America , many of them unaccompanied , a White House official told CNN . The Pentagon and the Department of Health and Human Services sent a team earlier this week to assess Border Patrol efforts in the Rio Grande Valley , the official said , where tens of thousands of children have poured into the United States this year . The administration 's latest efforts in what most agree is a humanitarian crisis come as Washington struggles to address the matter with little optimism for a solution before Congress breaks for its month-long August recess . Immigrants or refugees ? Here 's the latest : Little optimism for a solution from Congress : House Speaker John Boehner accuses President Barack Obama of being "  AWOL " on the crisis and flip-flopping on solutions . A key partisan point of contention is a Republican proposal to change a 2008 law that allows Central American immigrant children to stay in the United States until they receive a hearing . That process can take months or years . Republicans want to tweak the Bush-era law so that migrant youth from Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador , who do not qualify for refugee status , are sent home more quickly . Democrats worry the expedited process will mean many will fall through the cracks and will be sent back to what many have characterized as violent situations in their countries . "  The administration started earlier this month by signaling some openness to changes in the 2008 law to accelerate the process of returning these children to their home countries , " Boehner told reporters on Thursday . "  The President called for this change , the secretary of homeland security called for this change , and other administration officials have called for this change . Now the President and his team have apparently flip-flopped . " House Republicans proposed a $ 1.5 billion package on Wednesday aimed at helping to resolve the crisis . The tally is nearly $ 1 billion less than that proposed in a measure by Senate Democrats just a day before and less than half of the $ 3.7 billion Obama has said he needs to effectively combat the problem . However , top congressional leaders from both parties say they doubt Congress will act before beginning its recess . Time to do something is also short when they get back in September due to the upcoming midterm elections in November . Meanwhile , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and members from the Texas congressional delegation were to meet with officials from the Rio Grande Valley and the Brownsville office of Catholic Charitieson on Thursday to discuss the problem . White House reconsidering National Guard : The White House has not embraced calls from Republicans and even some Democrats to send guard troops to the border with Mexico . President Barack Obama suggested , in a conversation with Texas Gov. Rick Perry earlier this month , that it could be a temporary solution . Perry followed up this week , announcing he would deploy up to 1,000 guard troops to the border area most affected by the surge -- the Rio Grande Valley . A White House official told CNN there had been no request from homeland security officials for such a step , but that the Pentagon would make the call , if asked for help . Gil Kerlikowske , commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection told CNN 's "  New Day " on Thursday the administration is "  very pleased " and optimistic with conditions " at the border . Kerlikowske also noted that the flow of migrant youth has slowed , but also said that is a usual occurrence in hotter parts of the summer . Central American leaders in the U.S. : Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina and Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez are slated to speak at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a nonprofit , foreign policy think tank , on Thursday about ways to stem the from of immigrant kids . Molina and Hernandez , along with El Salvadoran President Salvador Sanchez Ceren , are scheduled to meet with President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden on Friday . Bush calls on Republicans to fix the problem : Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a possible 2016 Republican presidential candidate , wrote an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal asking fellow Republicans not abandon comprehensive immigration reform and asking for the affected immigrant children to be treated more compassionately when they are taken into custody . His piece echoes themes in a similar statement last week to CNN . "  President Obama has promised to once again act unilaterally if Congress fails to take up immigration reform , " Bush wrote . "  Now is the time for House Republicans to demonstrate leadership on this issue . Congress should not use the present crisis as an excuse to defer comprehensive immigration reform . " Key questions about Rick Perry 's border plan	The Obama administration weighs sending National Guard tropps to the U.S.-Mexico border Congressional Democrats and Republicans have competing border crisis plans The president is meeting with Central American leaders this week to discuss border crisis The Obama administration is buoyed by slight slowing in immigrant kids at the border
CNN  -- Enterovirus D68 has swept through 30 states since mid-August . What sets the virus apart from many others in the same family is its vicious symptoms : Instead of just causing a summer cold , it sends children to the hospital -- where they often end up in the intensive care unit , struggling to breathe . David Nash from Tucker , Georgia , is one of those children . At first his parents , Rachel and Rodney Nash , were n't too alarmed when David came down with a cough , runny nose and low-grade fever . But then the 3-year-old got sick very quickly . David was in the first wave of children hit with Enterovirus D68 . The virus struck early in states such as Georgia , where children headed back to school last month , but it then spread to states such as New York and Connecticut , where school began after Labor Day . "  There 's no doubt the opening of schools has facilitated the transmission of Enterovirus D68 , " says Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center . What parents should know The Nashes shared with CNN the day-to-day story of their son 's illness , hoping it might help families whose children have been recently diagnosed with what one pediatrician calls a "  frightening " virus . August 11 A healthy David and his big brother , Benjamin , start school . August 24 David develops a cough , runny nose and low-grade fever . His parents are n't too worried as it seems like a regular cold . August 25 The Nashes become more concerned . Their little ball of energy who loves flying around the house as Batman does n't want to play . That night , he wheezes as he sleeps . His parents wake him to give him puffs from an inhaler prescribed for his seasonal allergies . August 26 David 's breathing gets worse . "  You could see him trying to pull the air in , " Rachel Nash recalls . "  His nostrils flared as he inhaled , and you could see the muscles in his neck and collarbone working extra hard . " Rodney Nash adds , "  I remember as a kid my goldfish jumped out of the bowl . That 's how he looked to me -- like a goldfish gasping for breath . " The Nashes take David to the emergency room at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . His oxygen saturation rate is 86 % . Healthy children 's oxygen saturation is around 97 % . The doctors give David oxygen through his nose . Every two hours he gets nebulizer treatments , which are commonly used to treat asthma , to try to unclog his airways . David hates the mask and is n't cooperative . David 's saturation rate goes up to 88 % , but that 's not enough . He 's admitted to the hospital . August 27 In addition to the oxygen and breathing treatments , David gets an oral steroid to help shrink the swelling in his airways . Even then , David is still wheezing . "  It sounded like air going through a balloon -- where you pinch the balloon and hear the squeaking sounds , " his father says . Doctors try a "  shaker vest . " Blasts of air shake the vest , which loosens up mucus caught in the lungs . David does the shaker vest treatment every three hours , but he 's still not better . August 28 At 4 a.m. , a nurse says David is finally responding to the treatments . His breathing , which had been quick and shallow , is slowing down . The nebulizer treatments go from every two hours to every four . He still does n't like them , but he does n't protest as much as he did before . At 8 a.m. , David is taken off the oxygen and allowed to play . Nurses watch to see if he can breathe OK while riding a bike . If he ca n't , it means more time in the hospital . David does fine on the bike , and his oxygen saturation level reaches 94 % around lunchtime . He 's discharged from the hospital . August 29-31 For the first two days back at home , David does inhaler treatments every four hours . He wheezes a bit , but he 's pretty much back to his old self -- energetic and playful . September 16 David has an appointment with his pediatrician , Dr. Betsy John . She gives him a clean bill of health . David 's journey with Enterovirus D68 is fairly typical , says Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , division director of infectious diseases at Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri . Many children , however , get sick even faster . David was ill for about two days before he had to be hospitalized , but many of Jackson 's patients have gone from healthy to severely ill in just a day , and they arrive at the hospital barely able to breathe . "  These kids were really struggling . Many ca n't even speak a sentence , " she says . "  It 's frightening . " Her advice : If D68 has made its way to your community , and your child has asthma , or even , like David , just a history of allergies or occasional breathing difficulties , call your pediatrician and ask if there 's anything you can do to protect your child .	Enterovirus D68 is sending children with breathing problems to the hospital David Nash fell ill in August with typical enterovirus symptoms The 3-year-old was hospitalized but has since recovered
CNN  -- As families head home after the holidays and children return to school , New York City is on sale for travelers willing to brave the cold temperatures in exchange for lower prices . New York 's first-ever Hotel Week will feature discounts for eight city hotels between January 6 and January 15 . More basic hotel rooms , or those slightly off the beaten path , can be found for as little as $ 100 per night plus taxes , while fancier rooms can go for $ 200 or $ 250 per night -- still a deal by city standards . "  Hotel occupancy dips considerably during the first week in January , " said hotel publicist Nancy J. Friedman , who launched the Hotel Week concept with six of her hotel clients and two nonclients . "  It 's a similar model to Restaurant Week , which is so successful at filling up restaurants during quiet times . " Speaking of Restaurant Week , the city 's 20th anniversary promotion starts January 16 and runs through February 10  Mondays through Fridays  . For more information , click here . There is n't a central website or phone number to book Hotel Week rooms . Several hotels have created special websites for the promotions , while others require calling the reservations number . Links are at the end of this article . Always mention Hotel Week when booking and know that these specific discounts are limited . For visitors who wo n't be able to take advantage of limited Hotel Week discounts , more than 120 participating New York City hotels are offering discounts between January 2 and February 29 , sponsored by NYC & Co. , the city 's tourism office . Discounts include a free night for stays of three or more nights , complimentary upgrades or complimentary breakfast . To book a room , click here . During the same period , a group of 20 luxury hotels is offering a free third night to visitors who book two consecutive nights at one of 20 participating "  Signature Collection " hotels . More information can be found here . Theater-lovers can score two-for-one tickets during Broadway Week , January 17 to February 4 . Off-Broadway theater week offers the same deal between January 30 and February 12 . Tickets also go on sale January 4 for both theater weeks . For Broadway shows , click here . For off-Broadway shows , click here . Hotel Week discount links To receive hotel week discounts , be sure to mention Hotel Week when booking . Some rates are available only by calling the reservations line or by using the hotel 's special Hotel Week website . Cheapest : $ 100/night plus taxes and fees The Hotel @ Times Square : To book for Hotel Week , call 212790-2710 . For more information about the hotel , click here . nyma , the new york manhattan hotel : To book for Hotel Week , call 212790-2710 . For more information about the hotel , click here . The Pod Hotel : To book for Hotel Week , call 212355-0300 . For more information about the hotel , click here . Z NYC Hotel  Queens  : To book for Hotel Week , call 212319-7000 . For more information about the hotel , click here . A step up : $ 200/night plus taxes and fees Andaz Wall Street : To book for Hotel Week , use the hotel 's special link here . Hyatt 48 Lex : To book , use the hotel 's link here . Deluxe : $ 250/night plus taxes and fees Gansevoort Meatpacking NYC : To book , use the hotel 's discount link here . Gansevoort Park Avenue NYC : To book during Hotel Week , use the hotel 's discount link here .	New York 's first-ever Hotel Week means lower room rates Restaurant Week celebrates its 20th anniversary next year Theater lovers can score two-for-one tickets during Broadway Week
CNN  -- She 's been called Italy 's answer to Michael Moore , and she does n't pull any punches -- even when the subject she 's taking to task is Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi . Filmmaker Sabina Guzzanti puts the prime minister 's handling of the L'Aquila earthquake , which killed nearly 300 people and devastated the city when it struck last year , under deep scrutiny in her latest documentary "  Draquila -- Italy Trembles . " Recently screened at Cannes Film Festival , the documentary is creating a stir among critics and the Italian government alike . Even though he has been dogged by allegations of corruption and fraud -- which he strongly denies -- as well as criticism of his personal lifestyle , many Italians still support Berlusconi . There are so many scandals in Italy , the picture can get quite complicated , Guzzanti told CNN . At home , she is a well-known political satirist and critic of the government . She decided to focus on one disaster , L'Aquila , to show how abuse of power , corruption and misinformation have contributed to what she presents as the precarious state of democracy in Italy today . "  The idea was this : Explain Italy through L'Aquila , " she told CNN . The Italian government has responded angrily to the film , whose title is a combination of the words "  Dracula " and "  L'Aquila . " Culture Minister Sandro Bondi refused to attend Cannes , where the film was shown as part of the festival 's special screening program . Bondi issued a statement , dismissing the documentary as "  propaganda " and saying it "  offends the truth and all of the Italian people . " Guzzanti is used to incurring the government 's displeasure . "  Raiot , " a political satire TV show she wrote , directed and acted in , was cancelled after just one episode on a state-owned television network following a defamation suit filed by Silvio Berlusconi 's Mediaset TV network . In a retort , she made "  Viva Zapatero , " a 2005 film that examines censorship . So , what is it about "  Draquila , " Guzzanti 's fourth feature , that has created an uproar among Berlusconi supporters ? Guzzanti argues that Berlusconi , whose ratings were suffering when the earthquake hit in April last year , took advantage of the tragic event to improve his image and boost the public 's opinion of him . The documentary uses straightforward language to paint a stark picture of what the filmmaker sees as Berlusconi 's exploitation of the tragic event . "  Opinion polls showed his popularity was plummeting . So , when , at 0332 on April 6 , 2009 , an earthquake awoke even those in the Big Brother house , and when it emerged an entire town was destroyed , for Berlusconi it was like God reaching out to him again , " a voiceover says in the film . Watch a clip of the film In the wake of the quake , Berlusconi made a last-minute decision to move the G8 Summit to L'Aquila from Sardinia -- a gesture that attracted world attention -- and took advantage of photo opportunities in several trips to the leveled city . Even more damning , though , is the documentary 's examination of the reconstruction efforts in L'Aquila . In particular , the film takes issue with the role played by the Civil Protection Authority . The film argues that the government agency has amassed such immense power under Berlusconi that it can dodge the law -- when granting reconstruction contracts , for instance -- all in the name of emergency and safety . For Guzzanti , investigating the aftermath of the earthquake and the power of the Civil Protection Authority is a way of examining Italy 's drift into authoritarianism . "  They became like a private army of the prime minister with licence of spending money and making laws , " she said of the agency . "  And I was shocked and started to investigate . " Her film has won praise , not only for its high degree of scrutiny , but for its even-handedness as well . The Hollywood Reporter described "  Draquila " as a "  straightforward and surprisingly balanced documentary . " While her probing style and knack for ruffling feathers make it easy to draw comparisons with Michael Moore , Guzzanti distinguishes herself with an ability to control her outrage . As Variety pointed out in its review : "  While she 's omnipresent , this is not the Sabina Guzzanti show ; the helmer knows she does n't need to constantly register her outrage for it to come across . " Grace Wong and CNN 's Neil Curry contributed to this report .	Documentary screened at Cannes takes aim at Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi The film , "  Draquila , " takes issue with the way the prime minister handled the L'Aquila earthquake Italian Culture Minister boycotted Cannes because of the film , which he called "  propaganda " Filmmaker Sabina Guzzanti : "  The idea was this : Explain Italy through L'Aquila "
CNN  -- An alleged letter from President Barack Obama to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has prompted consternation not just in Washington , but also Tel Aviv and Riyadh . According to the Wall Street Journal , Obama pointed out some common American and Iranian interests in defeating the extremist ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State -- and reportedly also suggested that a nuclear accord between Iran and the P5 +1  United States , United Kingdom , France , Russia , China and Germany  could result in cooperation on regional issues between Washington and Tehran . But the move has , according to one Republican source quoted by CNN , sent "  shock waves " through Washington . Why ? The alleged letter comes despite a consistent message from the White House and America 's top nuclear negotiators that nuclear talks would not be linked to larger regional issues on which Iran may possess greater leverage . And while it is not surprising the letter has upset domestic critics of the negotiations , the alleged correspondence has also unsettled Israel and Saudi Arabia , which fear a "  bad " deal with Iran and even secret collusion between Washington and Tehran . But such concerns seem unfounded . For a start , Washington has plenty of leverage to negotiate a good deal with Iran that constrains its nuclear program . Just as important , though , is that the United States has an opportunity not only to resolve the nuclear issue , but also to defuse tensions with Iran while maintaining America 's bonds with its traditional partners . The reality is that the nuclear negotiations between Iran and the United States are not the result of a newfound friendship . Instead , the international sanctions regime against Iran has given it an incentive to compromise on its nuclear program . And although the election of Hassan Rouhani as president has also helped , it 's not clear that Rouhani 's presidency without sanctions pressure would have gotten the negotiations as far as they have come . Of course , even after a deal , Washington and Tehran will face real differences over their respective policies in the Middle East ; a return of the kind of U.S.-Iran alliance that was seen under the former Shah is highly unlikely . Yet the United States does n't have to like or agree with the Iranian regime 's policies in order to have some sort of relationship with it . After all , despite increasing tensions on a range of issues , Washington still maintains diplomatic ties to Moscow and Beijing . And while Iran is not a great power , it does play a major role in nearly all the conflicts roiling the Middle East , contributing to instability in the region . So , can the United States provide enough inducements for Iran to change its ways in the region ? Perhaps . Although Iran has given the world plenty of reason to believe that it will simply go about its business as usual after a possible nuclear deal , it seems more likely that the combination of a deal , Rouhani 's presidency , and public demand in Iran for real change would offer Washington an opportunity to exact real changes from the regime . Such optimism might not be shared by Iran 's regional neighbors -- especially Israel and Saudi Arabia . Israeli officials especially these days tend to portray the Iranian regime in the starkest terms possible . But both countries will sooner or later have to accept that Iran as a country is not going to go anywhere , and so crafting policies that encourage its evolution into a more open , tolerant and cooperative country is in the long-term interests not just of the United States , but the Middle East as well . True , there are no guarantees that such an Iran will ever emerge . The government exercises tight control over the country , and in many ways Rouhani , while more pragmatic than other clerics , is still not as open and reform-minded as the West would like . Yet anyone who visits Iran these days will surely see a country that is very different from the images that have been etched into the American psyche . Scenes like the burning of U.S. flags do occur . But Iran is much bigger and more complex than the black-and-white presentations of it by much of the media . CNN host Anthony Bourdain 's recent culinary trip in "  Parts Unknown " was a great example of this . Communicating with one 's adversaries is n't a sign of weakness ; in order to compel certain behavior , one has to communicate what that desired behavior is . But even if Iran does not accept a compromise by the November 24 deadline for the talks , America will still have greater leverage over Tehran than it has ever had , and will be able to portray Iran as the intransigent party to the international community . All this suggests that the United States has a real opportunity not only to put the brakes on Iran 's nuclear pursuits , but also to bolster larger American goals . And the problem lies not in Obama 's letter to Khamenei , but the fearful reaction it has produced ; it is time to take a deep breath and consider the success that has been achieved so far in bringing Iran to the table on the nuclear issue . Khamenei might claim the letter is a sign of strength to his followers . But in reality he has been pushed into a corner .	Alleged Obama letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader sparks controversy Critics of correspondence missing the point , Alireza Nader says U.S. has chance to leverage pressure on Iran , Nader says
CNN  -- The University of Kansas men 's basketball team squeaked by Ohio State late Saturday night , setting up an an NCAA tournament championship showdown with top-seeded Kentucky . Hours earlier , Kentucky defeated Louisville in its own semifinal . The Wildcats and the Jayhawks will play Monday night for the title at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans . Both teams squared off earlier in the year with Kentucky pulling off a 75-65 win . Under coach John Calipari , Kentucky posted a 32-2 record over the course of this season -- with its only losses coming at the hands of Indiana and Vanderbilt , the latter coming in the Southeastern Conference tourney . It entered the 68-team NCAA tournament as the No. 1 seed in the South bracket , and the favorite to win it all in the eyes of many pundits . The team was led by Anthony Davis , a freshman who was recently named the Associated Press college basketball player of the year . But a win in Saturday 's contest against Kentucky 's in-state rival , Louisville , was hardly a given . The Cardinals , for one , had a head coach with a national title to his credits -- Rick Pitino , who ironically won that distinction in 1996 as head coach at Kentucky . Louisville entered the NCAAs with momentum after winning the Big East Tournament . The Cardinals battled the Wildcats tough throughout Saturday 's game , tying the score , 49-49 , at one point early in the second half . But the Wildcats eventually pulled away , winning by a 69-61 margin . Ohio State and Kansas entered the night 's second tilt as No. 2 seeds , having both defeated the top seeds in their brackets -- Syracuse and North Carolina , respectively -- in the Elite Eight . The Jayhawks were paced by forward Thomas Robinson , this season 's lone unanimous AP All-American pick . On the other side of the court was the Buckeyes ' Jared Sullinger , who himself earned first-team honors for the second straight year . On Saturday night , Ohio State jumped ahead early , carrying a 34-25 advantage into the half . But Kansas stormed back after the intermission , notching the game up at 38-38 with 14 minutes left in the game . The rest of the game was nip-and-tuck , with rarely more than a few points separating the two teams and several lead changes in the final minutes . Kansas edged ahead with just over a minute to go and held on , thanks to some pivotal free throws and an Ohio State lane violation call , for a 64-62 victory .	Kansas narrowly defeats Ohio State , 64-62 , to advance to the NCAA finals They will face Kentucky , which beat Louisville 69-61 earlier in the night The Wildcats defeated the Jayhawks 75-65 earlier this season
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The good news for Chris Brown is a luxury rehab center in Malibu is better than the men 's central jail in Los Angeles . The bad news is a Los Angeles judge ordered Brown to stay another two months in the anger management and drug rehab program he entered three months ago . Although Brown 's probation officer reported the singer "  continues to make great improvement " in dealing with anger , stress and drugs , the judge decided during a hearing Friday he ca n't go free yet . He has to be tried on an assault charge in Washington first . Only then will the judge decide whether Brown must go to jail for violating his probation in the Rihanna assault because of the assault arrest a few blocks from the White House in October . Brown seemed disappointed by the decision , although his three months of therapy may have helped him handle the stress in court . He closed his eyes and appeared to meditate for about five minutes while his lawyer , Mark Geragos , met privately with the judge and prosecutor . "  Mr. Brown is able to use behavioral strategies to manage acting out on impulses , " the director of his rehab program wrote in a letter to the court . "  Mr. Brown is teaming relaxation exercises that will reduce consequent impulsive behaviors . " He also looks physically better during his latest court appearance , something noted by his lawyer . The rehab director 's letter revealed that Brown had been suffering from a "  severe case of insomnia , " which has been "  stabilized . " Brown , 24 , told his probation officer that he "  appreciates what he has learned in the rehabilitation facility , as it has allowed him to change his life for the better , " the officer wrote in his report . Brown "  looks forward to staying out of trouble , " the probation report said . He reports to a highway cleanup labor crew in Los Angeles three days a week to fulfill the 750 hours of service remaining in his probation requirements , the report said . At that rate , Brown could complete the labor in mid-October and possibly be free from probation requirements by the end of the year . His legal troubles began five years ago when he beat then-girlfriend Rihanna in a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . He pleaded guilty to felony assault in June 2009 , which resulted in a sentence of five years of probation and 1,400 hours of community labor . The judge has revoked Brown 's probation twice in the last year , most recently because of his arrest on a sidewalk near the White House after allegedly punching a man . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program a day after being released from a Washington jail in October , but he was kicked out a few days later for "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center , a probation report said . Brown was upset because his mother said she wanted him to stay in treatment , the report said . "  Mr. Brown preceded to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . His mother sat next to Brown at Friday 's hearing . Los Angeles County Judge James Brandlin will revisit Brown 's rehab versus jail status on April 23 , a week after the assault trial in Washington .	Chris Brown must stay in rehab until his Washington assault charge is tried Brown 's probation has been revoked twice in the past year The singer appeared to meditate in court The rehab director says Brown is learning new ways to deal with anger , stress
CNN  -- Saying she 's an "  old woman " trying to find out the fate of her only son , the mother of American hostage Abdul-Rahman Kassig has sent a tweet meant for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi . "  I am trying to get in touch with the Islamic State about my son 's fate , " she says in the tweet , which is a photograph of a letter written to al Baghdadi . "  I am an old woman , and Abdul Rahman is my only child . "  My husband and I are on our own , with no help from the government . We would like to talk to you . How can we reach you ? " Abdul-Rahman Kassig , whose given name is Peter , was detained on October 1 in eastern Syria while doing humanitarian work . ISIS has threatened to kill him next . Since the announcement -- made in an ISIS video showing the apparent beheading of of British aid worker Alan Henning -- Kassig 's has issued repeated pleas asking his captors to show mercy and free him . Over the weekend , they released a YouTube video , imploring his captors to "  use their power to let our son go . " Wednesday night , Kassig 's parents attended a vigil at Indiana 's Butler University , Kassig 's alma mater . ' I am an idealist ' Kassig , 26 , had already finished a tour in the Middle East as a U.S. Army Ranger stationed in Iraq . But he felt compelled to go back to the region to help Syrians caught in a bloody conflict that has killed roughly 200,000 people He expressed his fear in captivity in a letter sent to his parents in June . "  I am obviously pretty scared to die , but the hardest part is not knowing , wondering , hoping , and wondering if I should even hope at all , " Kassig wrote .	In the letter , she says she would like to talk to al Baghdadi ISIS has threatened to kill Kassig next
CNN  -- Call it the Super Bowl MVP -- the most valuable power outage . For 35 bewildering minutes Sunday night , the Super Bowl showdown between the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers ground to a halt when half of the lights in the New Orleans Superdome went out . Players stretched on the field . The more than 71,000 fans in attendance did the wave . And with no immediate explanation for the outage , social media lit up . From Twitter to Facebook , from Tumblr to Flickr , it seemed just about everywhere in the social media-sphere somebody had something to say -- sometimes funny , sometimes not so much -- about what became known online as "  the blackout bowl . " There were even those who felt forced to say something about being , well , forced to say something . "  The worst part about this power outage is that people at parties were forced to talk to each other , " Fortune Feimster , a writer for the E! show "  Chelsea Lately , " tweeted . The brand bowl Within four minutes of the outage , advertisers had sent out their first tweets . The funniest tweets of the Super Bowl Nabisco 's Oreo cookie was among the first to jump on the Twitter brandwagon , with an ad featuring the cookie on a partially blacked out page . "  You can still dunk in the dark , " it read . The people behind Tide laundry detergent went up with a Twitter ad that read : "  We ca n't get your #blackout , but we can get your stains out . #SuperBowl #TidePower . " Even Audi took a swipe at its competitor , tweeting that it was sending "  LED lights " over to the dome , whose official name is the Mercedes-Benz Superdome . In fact , the outage was the No. 1 Twitter-related moment of the Super Bowl , generating 231,000 tweets per minute . The second big moment ? The 108-yard kickoff return for a touchdown by Baltimore Ravens Jacoby Jones . But even that only generated merely 185,000 tweets per minute , according to the site . Momentum shift New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu promised answers . "  In the coming days , I expect a full after action report from all parties involved . " The power company said it was n't to blame , and stadium officials apologized but said little else until well after the game . And then , in a statement hours later , Superdome officials said a piece of equipment designed to monitor the electrical load "  sensed an abnormality in the system . " "  Once the issue was detected , the sensing equipment operated as designed and opened a breaker , causing power to be partially cut to the Superdome in order to isolate the issue , " the statement said . It still is n't clear what the "  abnormality " was -- but more than a few people had their own suspicions . A majority on social media blamed it on the fans of the 49ers , who were trailing 28-to-6 in the third quarter before the blackout . Photos began quickly showing up on Flickr , Twitter and Facebook of the so-called hands of a 49ers ' fan reaching into electrical power box to turn off the power , with the words : "  They not winning that easy . " Conspiracy , cried a Ravens fan on Facebook . "  If the 49ers win after this , you all know who 's to blame . " Even Justin Timberlake had something to say about it , tweeting #momentumshift . There may be something to it . After the power was restored , the 49ers scored three times in just four minutes . Then again , maybe not . "  Whatever . Who has n't blacked out in New Orleans , " one person said on Twitter . Or in San Francisco , for that matter . In December 2011 , the lights went out twice during the same game at Candlestick Park . The 49ers won that game against the Pittsburgh Steelers , 20-3 . Blame it on Bane Some said it was the curse of the Superdome -- despite hosting seven Super Bowl games and its more than $ 300 million renovation following Hurricane Katrina . The stadium was built near a cemetery and New Orleans Saints fans have long said it was the reason the team had fared so poorly . Some on Twitter and Facebook joked Saints quarterback Drew Brees was responsible , pulling the power plug to get even for the team failing to make football 's big show . Then there were those who pointed to Bane , the villain in the Batman movie "  The Dark Night Rises . " In the movie , Bane mines a football field in Pittsburgh that explodes after a great scoring run by Steeler Hines Ward . "  Investigation confirms not even Bane 's power outage attempt can save the 49ers , " said one Twitter user with the handle The Batman . Beyonce 's wattage The general consensus on social media appeared to be that Beyonce 's high-wattage half-time performance was mostly likely to blame for the blackout . "  Beyonce blew the fuse ! Genius ! " tweeted singer Adam Lambert . Matchbox Twenty guitarist Paul Doucette , who was at the game , tweeted a picture of the blackout . "  Beyonce left and apparently took electricity with her , " he said . "  Damn she 's good . " In the end , the Ravens may have won Superbowl XLVII in New Orleans . But the power outage won its social media time slot . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The power outage at the Super Bowl turned into the #blackoutbowl The makers of Nabisco 's Oreo cookie capitalized on the blackout with promoted tweet "  You can still dunk in the dark , " the Oreo ad read Tide also jumped in with "  We ca n't get your #blackout , but we can get your stains out "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Over the past month , video has emerged from the Syrian city of Homs showing killings and other atrocities apparently committed by security forces in neighborhoods that have opposed the government . CNN has obtained footage that is among the most disturbing yet -- about a dozen family members killed in one house in what appears to be sectarian brutality . CNN is confident of the video 's provenance . The images show a group of nine men crouched as they move across rooftops , then crawl through a hole smashed in a wall to reach a house on a sectarian fault line that runs through Homs . "  We 're rescuing the bodies of the martyrs , " a man 's voice says on the video . About a week earlier , the men received information that a Sunni family had been killed , but it took them this long to launch their mission . When they reach the house , they come across a grisly find : the body of a woman lying face down on the carpet . In an adjacent room , they find more bodies next to each other in a corner , as though they had been trying to hide . One of them , a child , lays with his face frozen in fear , mouth open and arms outstretched . On his chest leans another body , its head covered in a khaki-colored cloth . A third body , with its head covered in a black cloth , leans against the second . Beside the pile of bodies , about a foot above the slumped third body , the white wall is splattered red . "  Let the world see , " a voice exclaims on the video . "  Look at this massacre in just one house . " The man curses the Shias , the Alawites and President Bashar al-Assad . Syria is a nation with a Sunni majority governed by a minority Alawite , an offshoot sect of Shia Islam . The video is said to have been shot in the neighborhood of Sabeel last month . "  Oh , look , people , look , " says one man , overcome with emotion as he too curses the regime -- and the world . The camera pans to show more bodies in the bathroom . Suddenly , from another floor , a whimper . The men are stunned , and coax a child out of a dark room where he must have been hiding for days . The child , in a red , hooded sweatshirt , comes into view , crawling over a body in the doorway to reach the men , who greet him with open arms . The men say they do not know who killed the boy 's family or why . But they do know , they say , that the killings were a sectarian massacre carried out by thugs allied to the regime . CNN has attempted to reach the Syrian Foreign Ministry for reaction but there was no answer . The Syrian government has in the past blamed armed gangs for such attacks .	The video shows the bodies of a family in Homs "  Let the world see , " a voice says in a video A child crawls out from hiding , over a body , to reach his rescuers
CNN  As the search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 stretched into its eighth day , the Java Sea continued to slowly give up the remains of the 162 victims aboard the ill-fated flight , as well as wreckage of the aircraft . At least four more bodies were recovered on Sunday , bringing the count to 34 . The remains were transferred by helicopter to the processing center in Pangkalan Bun , Indonesia , to the north of the search area . The developments came as Indonesian officials announced that they had identified three more bodies -- two female passengers and a male flight attendant . Additional wreckage was spotted overnight , measuring almost 10 meters  33 feet  by 1 meter . Sunday 's progress was not as great as searchers had hoped . It was forecast to be the best day weather-wise for the search , but choppy seas once again hindered the operation . Initial compensation offered As many endured the agonizing wait for news of their loved ones , CNN obtained details of initial compensation packages from AirAsia to the families of the victims . Several family members told CNN on Sunday that families of those on board the plane were presented with a draft letter from AirAsia outlining details of preliminary compensation . The letter states that families are entitled to about $ 24,000 for each family member who was on the plane . While some families signed the letter , others requested revisions to the wording . This compensation money is for any "  financial hardships " during this period of the search , and in the letters AirAsia stressed that it was not a confirmation that their family members were deceased . Search continues Taking advantage of better weather , the surface search area has been extended to the east , Marsdya Bambang Sulistyo , head of the Indonesian Search and Rescue agency , told reporters Sunday . Although there has been an improvement in conditions , they remain difficult , with heavy rain and high waves continuing to hamper recovery efforts . The surface search 's extension was based on predictions that the remains of the victims , along with wreckage from the aircraft , have drifted with the current . The priority surface and underwater search areas remained the same , he added . Twenty aircraft and 27 ships were involved in Sunday 's search . Divers are on standby but the underwater search was halted due to poor visibility and strong currents . Three more bodies -- still wearing seat belts -- were spotted on Friday , an Indonesian marine corps major , Professor De Greatsman , said . Search teams have found several large pieces of debris believed to be parts of the aircraft . Sulistyo said the latest objects -- including one that is 18 meters long -- were located by sonar in the priority search area . Searchers came upon the metal parts after spotting an oil slick late Friday . Who was on the plane Sinking bodies Anton Castilani , head of the Disaster Victims Identification unit , is eager to get the rest of the victims out of the water before they sink to the bottom of the sea . He is in charge of identifying them and said that gases in the bodies that keep them afloat disperse after a few days in the water . He urged families to be patient with his team as they identify loved ones . He wants to do his work right . "  We have to make sure that we have to return that right body to the right family , " he said . Decomposition also slows his work down . "  The later the dead bodies come to you , the harder you work , " he said . His team uses fingerprints and dental records as well as DNA to find out who they have recovered .  Hayati Lutfiah Hamid  Grayson Herbert Linaksita  Kevin Alexander Soetjipto  The Meiji Thejakusuma  Hendra Gunawan Syawal  Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi  Jie Stevie Gunawan  Juanita Limantara  Wismoyo Ari Prambudi  Tony Linaksita  Shiane Josal  Lim Yan Koen  Yongki Jou  Indra Yulianto  Hindarto Halim  Jou Brian Youvito Recoveries , identifications On Friday , the USS Sampson , which the U.S. Navy has deployed to help , recovered some bodies . A limited number of them will be autopsied to determine the cause of death to aid the investigation , an Indonesian official said Saturday . But many families do n't want autopsies done . "  For the sake of the investigation , we agree , and it is accepted by Interpol , to perform autopsies on the pilot , co-pilot and some randomly selected passengers , " said East Java Police Chief Anas Yusuf . Nine of the plane 's victims have been identified with the addition of the three victims ' names on Sunday . Search priorities Finding the fuselage and flight data recorders of the Airbus A320-200 has priority for the 59 diving teams searching underneath the waves . Russia has joined the effort with 22 underwater teams along with a search plane and a cargo jet . The searchers are concentrating on a 1,575-square-nautical-mile zone that officials believe is the most probable area to find the remains of the aircraft . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak Here 's where things stand on Flight QZ8501 : The flight What we know : QZ8501 took off early December 28 from Surabaya , bound for Singapore . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar . What we do n't know : What happened on board after contact with the plane was lost . No distress call was received . Some experts speculate that the aircraft experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Other theories include a lack of information about the plane 's position or storm damage to the engines . How can a modern airliner vanish ? The investigation What we know : The "  black boxes " are key . Actually , the flight data recorders are orange and should be in the plane 's tail . A lab in Jakarta will analyze them , if they are recovered . The batteries powering the "  pingers " that send acoustic signals have only about three weeks of power left . What we do n't know : What destroyed the plane . Investigators will need to use information gleaned from the flight recorders and clues from the wreckage to try to find out . "  The more bits I can put into my mosaic , the better my picture will be , " aviation safety expert Michael Barr said . The ones who missed the flight The plane and the pilots What we know : The Airbus , operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , had accumulated about 23,000 flight hours in about 13,600 flights in six years . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was November 16 . Flight 8501 's veteran captain , Iriyanto , 53 , had 20,537 flying hours , 6,100 of them with AirAsia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer , Remi Emmanuel Plesel , 46 , had 2,275 flying hours , a reasonable amount for his position . Indonesian authorities are looking into why AirAsia was flying that particular route on that particular day , a Sunday ; the country 's Transport Ministry says that AirAsia was permitted to fly it only on Mondays , Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays . AirAsia said it will cooperate with the inquiry and suspended all service from Surabaya to Singapore in the meantime . What we do n't know : Did technical problems or human error have anything to do with the crash ? A major aviation database registers 54 incidents involving the A320 . Some A320 accidents and incidents involve fan-cowl detachments , landing gear collapse , bird strikes and pilot error , an expert said . These cause disasters only in very rare cases . Security threat ? Meanwhile , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta issued a security alert Saturday after being "  made aware of a potential threat against U.S.-associated hotels and banks in Surabaya . " A State Department official , however , told CNN that there was "  no knowledge of any connection between this threat and the AirAsia flight . " No additional information was given regarding the nature of the threat , but the embassy recommended "  heightened vigilance and awareness of one 's surroundings when visiting such facilities . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Elizabeth Joseph , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Kevin Bohn and Joseph Netto contributed to this report . Journalist Yosef Riadi and translators Michelle Anugrah , Azieza Uhnavy and Edi Pangerapan also contributed .	Eighth day of the search for the AirAsia flight has begun Official says four large objects have been found underwater using sonar 34 bodies have been recovered ; nine have been identified
CNN  -- Pirates hijacked a British-owned bulk carrier Saturday in the Indian Ocean , but NATO forces stopped an attack on another vessel in the Gulf of Aden hours earlier , NATO maritime authorities said . 11 pirates are arrested by Yemeni security forces in an operation last month . The UK cargo ship , the MV Ariana , was carrying 35,000 tons of soya about 250 nautical miles  287 miles  northwest of the Seychelles when it was seized around dawn . The crew members are Ukrainians and they are not believed to harmed , NATO said . It is unclear how many crew members were aboard the vessel and how it came to be attacked . NATO said it was unaware of ransom demands or any threats against those aboard . NATO said a European Union Protection Aircraft has been deployed to monitor and track the MV Ariana , which is making its way toward Somalia -- the epicenter of the pirate industry . The Seychelles is a republic consisting of a group of islands off East Africa . On Friday evening , a NATO operation conducted by a Portuguese warship disrupted a pirate attack on a Bahamas oil tanker in the Gulf of Aden . The tanker , the MV Kition , broadcast an emergency alert when a pirate-filled skiff approached . NRP Corte-Real , the closest NATO ship , and its helicopter responded and intercepted the pirates . Portuguese Navy special forces boarded a pirate mother-ship . They found and destroyed four AK-47s , a rocket-propelled grenade and four explosives . They seized 19 suspected Somali pirates but released them after consulting with Portuguese national authorities . Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa -- particularly Somalia , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . Somali pirates have defied foreign navies patrolling the waters and have collected large ransoms from shipping companies . Ransoms started out in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Journalist Ashleigh Nghiem contributed to this report .	Pirates hijack British-owned bulk carrier in Indian Ocean NATO forces stop attack on another vessel in Gulf of Aden hours earlier Piracy is a major problem in the waters off Somalia Somalia has not had a stable government in place since 1991
Massachusetts ' highest court ruled Friday that the Pledge of Allegiance does not discriminate against atheists , saying that the words "  under God " represent a patriotic , not a religious , exercise . All previous attempts to eliminate the mention of God in the pledge recited in classrooms across the country have failed , but the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts considered arguments seeking removal of the reference based on discrimination . The case was brought by an unidentified family of a student at a school in suburban Boston , whose lawyers argued that the pledge violates the Equal Rights Amendment of the state Constitution . It was the first such case at the state level . Roy Speckhardt , the executive director of the American Humanist Association , an atheist group that provided legal services for the plaintiffs , called the decision a setback . But he said the group felt confident about a similar case filed in New Jersey last week that seeks to show that the pledge engendered a climate of discrimination . In its ruling , the Massachusetts court said the pledge was voluntary and a "  fundamentally patriotic exercise , not a religious one . " The decision said the plaintiffs failed to prove that reciting the pledge resulted in negative treatment . "  The plaintiffs here did not successfully allege that their children receive negative treatment because they opt not to recite the words ` under God , ' or that the inclusion of that phrase in the pledge has occasioned ` the creation of second-class citizens , ' " the decision said . But the ruling said that "  should future plaintiffs demonstrate that the distinction created by the pledge as currently written has engendered bullying or differential treatment , " the court "  would leave open the possibility that the equal rights amendment might provide a remedy . " Speckhardt said that the recitation of the pledge resulted in some children being "  ostracized " for being atheists and that the government was complicit in bullying and prejudice against those children . In 1954 , Congress amended the pledge to include the words "  under God " during the escalation of the Cold War . The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has high-profile and precedent-setting experience deciding cases hinging on the Equal Rights Amendment of the Massachusetts Constitution . In 2003 , Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same-sex marriage with the Supreme Judicial Court 's landmark Goodridge decision .	Phrase "  under God " represents a "  patriotic exercise , not a religious one , " court rules Case was brought by an unidentified family of a student at a school in suburban Boston Plaintiffs argued that pledge discriminates against atheist students
CNN  Five years ago , the McStays were living the California dream . The family had moved into a new home in Fallbrook , and Joseph McStay 's business was taking off . He had started a company called Earth Inspired Products that sold waterfalls , and online orders were strong . McStay connected with Chase Merritt , who manufactured custom indoor waterfalls . The two quickly bonded . "  We talked constantly . ... He came down and had dinner with me and my family once or twice a week virtually every week , " Merritt told CNN 's Randi Kaye . "  Joseph was my best friend . " It 's a surprising statement considering where Merritt is now -- behind bars , charged with murder in the deaths of McStay ; his wife , Summer ; and their two small children , Gianni and Joseph Jr. . The last time anyone heard from the McStay family was February 4 , 2010 . For years , no one knew what happened to them . Police who searched their home days after the family disappeared found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room , along with the family 's two dogs . There were no signs of a struggle . The bodies of the McStay family were found in the Mojave Desert in November 2013 . Police say they believe the family died of "  blunt force trauma . " Merritt , who is now representing himself , has pleaded not guilty . A preliminary hearing has been set for April 7 . No trial date has been scheduled yet . But investigators are confident they have the right man . From the start of the case , San Bernardino County detectives had their eyes on Merritt , a talented welder who was known for his laid-back , cowboy demeanor . Joseph McStay 's father , Patrick , teamed up with Gina Watson , who knew his son through work . The two did their own investigating and came across what they say are some troubling inconsistencies . Merritt has said he was the last person to see McStay alive . The two , Merritt said , met for a business lunch in Rancho Cucamonga the day the family disappeared . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt told Kaye in January 2014 . Asked if McStay was concerned about anything , Merritt said , "  No , no , no . He seemed happy . " But Patrick McStay told CNN that Merritt told him Joseph was upset about a damaged fountain Merritt built for him . Joseph McStay also told his father he was frustrated with Merritt 's work . "  Joey had talked about the quality of some of the fountains had slipped . And Joey was n't happy with that , " Patrick McStay said . "  Because he was getting complaints . " Joseph McStay had talked to his father about getting another welder . Merritt also told CNN about receiving a call from McStay the night he disappeared . Merritt said he did n't remember the call until his then-girlfriend reminded him about it . The call came , he said , when they were watching television . Merritt picked up the phone , looked at it and set it back down . He was tired , he said . But when Patrick McStay asked about the call , Merritt said it was a follow-up to their conversation at lunch . San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos said he ca n't yet say what the motive was , but he said his team had been watching Merritt on a daily basis . "  We know there have been many inconsistencies , " Ramos said . "  His story is all over the place . " Still , the case against Merritt may have holes . Merritt told CNN he went to the McStay house after the family went missing and before it was sealed off . Officers believe the McStays were killed in the home , but 11 days passed between the family 's disappearance and an alert to the sheriff 's department . It took San Diego investigators three days to obtain the warrants they needed to complete a full search , and during that time , the home remained unsealed . How reliable is evidence gathered at the McStay house so many days after investigators say the family was killed there ? Could one person kill a family of four and bury the bodies 100 miles away ? And the fact that it has been five years since the family went missing does not make the prosecution 's case any easier . "  I think the biggest obstacle ... is time . Because witnesses forget , people forget the time frames , what occurred , etc. , " Ramos said .	Chase Merritt has pleaded not guilty to four counts of murder Bodies of McStay family were found in the desert in 2013 Prior to his arrest , Merritt shared his story with CNN 's Randi Kaye
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has issued a decree renaming the organization the "  State of Palestine , " according to WAFA , the official Palestinian news agency . The change comes a little more than a month after the United Nations voted to upgrade the authority 's status to "  non-member observer state . " The authority had been classified as a "  non-member observer entity " until the November 29 vote . Abbas issued the decree Thursday , WAFA said . With the decree , Palestinian identification , passports and other documents will be branded with the new name , WAFA said . WAFA called the change a "  unique new move to the path of national independence . " The rebranding comes amid efforts to unify rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas following the watershed U.N. vote -- widely seen as a victory for Abbas ' Fatah faction -- as well as the recent conflict between Israel and Hamas in Gaza . Read more : Hamas leader unbending , but seeks Palestinian unity After the conflict , Hamas was given approval to hold its first rally in the West Bank , which Fatah controls . Hamas , which controls Gaza , allowed Fatah to stage a rally there Saturday . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has also invited Abbas and Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal , who lives in Cairo , to a meeting to discuss Palestinian unity . Read more : Gaza rally called step toward unity for Fatah and Hamas	NEW : Rebranding comes amid efforts to unify rival Palestinian factions Decree from Mahmoud Abbas renames Palestinian Authority as the "  State of Palestine " Change comes after the U.N. upgraded the authority 's status to "  non-member observer state " The authority had been classified as a "  non-member observer entity " until the vote
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- News of Jaycee Dugard 's safe return after 18 years in captivity gives Patty Wetterling hope . Patty Wetterling says the return of Jaycee Dugard "  is reaffirming " and "  a success . " Wetterling 's son Jacob is still missing after a gunpoint abduction almost 20 years ago near their home in St. Joseph , Minnesota . "  Jacob was with his best friend and his brother . They witnessed it , " Wetterling says , recalling that day back in October 1989 . "  They saw this masked man with a gun . " Jaycee Dugard 's return "  is reaffirming , " Wetterling adds . "  There are cases where nobody believed -LSB- the children -RSB- were coming home , and they did . This is one . So for me , it makes my heart smile . It 's a success . " Watch mom talk about hopes for son " Both children -- Jaycee Dugard and Jacob Wetterling -- were 11 years old at the time of their abductions . Wetterling met Dugard 's mother , Terry Probyn , on a television show -- "  it might have been ` Geraldo , ' " as Wetterling recalls -- shortly after Jaycee 's disappearance , and they also spoke on the phone occasionally . "  It 's just phenomenal , " Wetterling says of Dugard 's case . "  I know a lot of parents of missing children , and we all hope and pray that one day we 'll get to hold our kids again . That 's the goal . " Wetterling says she has n't spoken to Probyn since her daughter 's discovery because the media chaos has yet to subside and since the family undoubtedly "  needs some time , they need some space ... to heal . " But knowing that the Dugard family now has a chance to rebuild their lives does more than fuel her optimism for Jacob . It gives her reason to go to work every day . Since her son 's kidnapping , Wetterling has turned being an advocate for families of missing children into a full-time job . After helping create the sex offender registry for Minnesota and subsequently for the nation , she helped build Team HOPE -- Help Offering Parents Empowerment -- a parent-to-parent mentoring program for mothers and fathers in similar situations . "  Most parents know nothing about child abduction , so when it happens you just scramble for what 's out there , " Wetterling says . She felt so strongly that children needed a bigger voice in government that she ran for Congress in 2004 and 2006 . She lost , but not without garnering more than 40 percent of the vote each time . A secondary math teacher until just shortly before Jacob 's abduction , Wetterling currently heads up the sexual violence prevention program at the Minnesota Department of Health in St. Paul . "  We 're all seeking solutions ... some kind of protection , some kind of prevention work . So that 's really where my energy flowed . ` How can we stop this from happening in the first place ? ' " A large portion of Wetterling 's job centers on ending social norms in television , video games and advertising that , she says , tolerate sexual victimization and in some cases "  sort of encourage it . " "  We -LSB- need to -RSB- collectively say , ` This is not OK -- you can not sexually victimize . ' " Through the program 's five-year strategic plan , Wetterling hopes to lower the numbers of children who become victims . But she says she 'll also continue educating others and , specifically , urging people to report any peculiar behavior . For example , the case of Jaycee Dugard 's is similar to many of the children who 've turned up after being abducted in that the only reason they were found is because of "  somebody noticing something and calling the police . " With Dugard , it was a police officer who noticed something suspicious , and Wetterling urges everyone to be just as vigilant . "  These kids do not come running forward on their own . They are found by someone else , " she explains . "  The bottom-line lesson is to tell people to report things when they see them . Trust your instincts ... You 'd want somebody sticking up for your child , so do n't second-guess . And call . " Wetterling described another example -- the case of a child taken from Wisconsin to a hotel in Texas . "  The maid in the hotel said , ` There 's something not right about this relationship . ' And the second time this girl was on ` America 's Most Wanted , ' the maid was watching and called the show . Within minutes -LSB- the child -RSB- was found . " An instance like that or Jaycee Dugard 's could very well be what brings Jacob home someday . "  C'mon home , Jake , " Wetterling says when asked what she 'd tell her son in the event he sees this story . "  We never quit . We need you home . And to the man who took him : It 's time . It 's time to lift the burden that you 've carried , as well , for all these years and tell us where he is and what happened . It 's time . "	Patty Wetterling 's son was kidnapped at gunpoint nearly 20 years ago Wetterling has met mother of Jaycee Dugard , now free after 18 years Mother has turned helping families of missing kids into a full-time job Wetterling 's message to missing son : "  We never quit . We need you home "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police tightened security Wednesday in India 's Punjab for the funeral of a preacher whose killing in Vienna , Austria sparked violent protests in the Sikh majority state last week . The body of Rama Sand lies in state in Vienna before being transported to India . Top-ranking officers are camping in Jalandhar district , where Rama Nand will be cremated Thursday , said Parag Jain , Punjab 's inspector-general of police . "  Security arrangements are elaborate , " he told CNN . Nand 's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday in Sachkhand Ballan , a monastery dedicated to Guru Ravidass , a 14th-century low-caste Hindu spiritual figure . Guru Ravidass ' writings are predominantly found in the primary Sikh scriptures called the Guru Granth Sahib , placed in the sect temples as in the Sikh houses of worship . Sect head Niranjan Dass , who was injured in the Vienna assault , will also be arriving Thursday , Sachkhand Ballan secretary S.R. Heer said . The sikh guru 's death led to widespread violence across the Punjab region , which resulted in the army and federal security forces being called in to restore order . Thousands took part in demonstrations across the Doaba region , where protesters attacked public transportation , knocking out train service in some areas . They also blocked a national highway to Jammu , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported . A number of businesses were ransacked as well . Police reported one death . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , himself a Sikh , appealed for calm , in a statement . "  There is no place for violence in a secular society like India 's and certainly no excuse whatsoever for the violation of the sacred premises of a  Sikh temple  for narrow sectarian or other purposes , " India 's Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement .	Tensions ease in Punjab after widespread violence over Sikh guru 's death Sant Rama Nand shot dead in temple in Vienna , Austria ; another guru wounded Nand 's body is due to arrive from Vienna early Thursday
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia  CNN  -- At age 19 , Yohannes Gebregeorgis borrowed a soft-cover romance novel entitled "  Love Kitten " that changed his life forever . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " Yohannes Gebregeorgis says . Born in rural Ethiopia to an illiterate cattle merchant who insisted upon his son 's education , Gebregeorgis had seen a few books in school . But it was the experience of having a book of his own that sparked a lifelong commitment . Today , at 56 , Gebregeorgis is establishing libraries and literacy programs to connect Ethiopian children with books . "  Most Ethiopian children have only access to textbooks in the classroom , " says Gebregeorgis . "  Books children read outside of school , those are the spices of education . " It was n't until he became a children 's librarian in the United States that he realized what the children of his native home were missing . Forced to flee Ethiopia to the United States as a political refugee in 1981 , Gebregeorgis ultimately put himself through university , obtaining a graduate degree in library science . He relocated to the Bay Area , taking a post at the San Francisco Children 's Library in 1985 . There , he met "  The Little Engine That Could , " "  Captain Ahab " and "  Peter Pan . " He realized the impact children 's books could make on a child 's sense of wonder and vision . "  Children could imagine everything from books -- connections to other cultures , to other people , to other children , and to the universe at large , " recalls Gebregeorgis . "  It gives them hope . It gives them pleasure . It gives them everything that they can not otherwise get in regular textbooks . " But Gebregeorgis found that , among the brilliantly illustrated books in 70 languages , there were none in Amharic , the primary language of Ethiopia , and none representing the places and characters of Ethiopian lore . When the library allocated $ 1,200 for the purchase of Ethiopian books the following year , Gebregeorgis was unable to find any , because of prohibitive publishing , purchasing and importing costs in his home country . So he wrote one . "  Silly Mammo " was the first bilingual Amharic-English children 's book , and it led Gebregeorgis to establish Ethiopia Reads in 1988 . Using proceeds from book sales and grassroots book-a-thons , the nonprofit financed his efforts to bring children 's libraries to Ethiopia . In 2002 , Gebregeorgis left his job and his home and returned to Ethiopia with 15,000 books donated by the San Francisco Children 's Library . With them , he opened the Shola Children 's Library on the first floor of his Addis Ababa home . Watch Gebregeorgis explain how his home became more than just a children 's library " Young readers quickly overwhelmed the three-room home , requiring the addition of two large tents to provide shade for hundreds at a time . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " says Gebregeorgis . Watch how Gebregeorgis is connecting children with storybooks in Ethiopia " Today , Ethiopia Reads is doing just that . In addition to the original library , the organization established the Awassa Reading Center and Ethiopia 's first Donkey Mobile Library . Inspired by a similar concept he 'd seen in Zimbabwe , Gebregeorgis customized a donkey-pulled trailer-cart that now makes weekly visits to rural villages around Awassa . Watch Gebregeorgis and a young reader talk about the four-legged library " Reading storybooks to children who have no access to television or computers , Gebregeorgis believes that literacy and education will emancipate his impoverished land , gripped by HIV/AIDS . Ethiopia Reads recently held its fifth annual Ethiopia Children 's Book Week . In 2007 , the group offered nearly 94,000 children access to its libraries in Addis Ababa , Awassa and on shady clearings along the Ethiopian countryside . "  With literate children there is no limit as to how much we can do . "	Yohannes Gebregeorgis fled Ethiopia for U.S. as political refugee in 1981 As librarian , he found there were no children 's books in Ethiopia 's main language After writing one himself , he set up the nonprofit Ethiopia Reads and moved home
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Michael Jackson song "  This Is It , " released Monday , was co-written and recorded in 1983 with singer-songwriter Paul Anka , Anka and the Jackson estate confirmed Monday afternoon . Jackson 's estate and Sony Music Entertainment did not realize this history when they picked the song out of boxes of tapes in their archives , leading to a big surprise Monday when Anka called them , Anka said . Jackson , who became busy with the success of his "  Thriller " album , never finished the duet recording that was intended for Anka 's "  Walk a Fine Line " album , Anka said . Latin hip-hop singer Safire recorded and released the song in 1990 -- under the title "  I Never Heard , " Anka said . "  Somebody just innocently found this tape and did not know somebody recorded it with him , " Anka said . Estate spokesman James Bates acknowledged to CNN that the "  song was written with the legendary Paul Anka . " "  We picked the song because the lyrics were appropriate given the name Michael gave his tour , " Bates said . It was just a coincidence that the song 's first words were the same as Jackson 's last planned tour , Anka said . Monday 's release of the lilting love song was part of the promotion for the Sony movie "  Michael Jackson 's This Is It , " which comes out in two weeks . Anka said it was "  an honest mistake " that the estate 's special administrators quickly resolved Monday . "  They realized the mistake , " Anka said "  They apologized and they 've given me rightfully what I own . It 's 50-50 , right down the middle . " Rob Stringer , chairman of Sony 's Columbia/Epic Label Group , was quoted in The New York Times on Sunday as saying he did not know the origins of the song . Anka , who is heard playing piano on the song , said producers did a beautiful job of completing it . Backing vocals from Jackson 's brothers and orchestration were added to the spare voice and piano track recorded 26 years ago in Anka 's studio . The original version , with just Jackson and Anka , will be included in the two-disc soundtrack , along with the orchestral version , Sony said . The orchestral version will play at the close of the film , which will feature Jackson 's career highlights and last rehearsals , Sony said . The CD will be released on October 27 , coincidental with the debut of the movie , Sony said . "  Disc one features the original album masters of some of Michael 's biggest hits such as ` Billie Jean , ' ` Smooth Criminal , ' ` Human Nature , ' and ` Thriller ' arranged in the same sequence as they appear in the film , " Sony said . The second disc includes "  early demo versions " of Jackson classics "  She 's Out Of My Life , " "  Wan na Be Startin ' Somethin' " and "  Beat It , " Sony said . "  This disc also features a recently discovered spoken word poem from Michael Jackson entitled ` Planet Earth , " the company said . The just-released song got widespread airplay on radio shows across the United States Monday , according to Nielsen BDS , a company that tracks music airplay . It the 21st most-played song on the 1,300 stations monitored by Nielsen , with at least 680 "  spins " by mid-afternoon , the company said .	Paul Anka : Estate made "  honest mistake , " will split sales Anka : "  They apologized , " "  given me rightfully what I own " Jackson 's song officially released on michaeljackson.com about midnight Monday About 45 seconds of "  This Is It " made the rounds online Sunday
CNN  -- Even for able-bodied golfers , the U.S. Open is a stern test of stamina . And this week 's venue , the Olympic Club 's hilly , tree-lined Lake course , is as demanding as it gets . Casey Martin can not walk for 18 holes , but nonetheless he will tee off in San Francisco on Thursday 14 years after he made his only other appearance at a major tournament , also at Olympic . Back then he was at the center of controversy as he sought special dispensation to use a golf cart due to a birth defect which affects the circulation in his right leg , causing him severe discomfort . "  It 's not great at times . I 'm able to do it , but I 'm in pain when I play so I 'm grateful I have a ride to my shots , " the 40-year-old told CNN . "  I deal with pain but it 's bearable . It helps me sometimes to concentrate -- I realize there 's only one thing I can do and I try to block out my leg . " U.S. Open latest scores Martin eventually won the right to use a cart , appealing to the Supreme Court after the PGA Tour fought hard to prevent what it considered a dangerous precedent contravening its rules . Legendary names such as Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer were called in to testify against him . In the end , it proved to be a storm in a teacup . Martin tied for 23rd at the 1998 U.S. Open but the Oregon-born golfer played only one full year on the PGA Tour -- in 2000 -- and finally quit the professional circuit after another season struggling on the second-tier Nationwide Tour in 2006 . Since then he has been coaching the University of Oregon 's golf team , but he decided to have a go at last week 's U.S. Open regional qualifying event despite limited preparation . "  It just came together . I have n't been playing much golf . I 've been around it with my team , I coach them , and I practice a little bit but I do n't play a lot of golf , " he said . "  Leading up to that qualifier I was at the national championship with my guys , so I hit about 20 minutes worth of golf balls that week . It was kind of a random occurrence me getting in , but I 'm glad I went through the qualifier and grateful I got hot at the right time and I get an experience like this as a reward . " While his early years trying to establish a place on the circuit were difficult , Martin is now hoping to cherish his return to the spotlight . "  My life changed on Monday night when I qualified -- phone calls and demands , and a lot of well wishers . Which meant a lot , it 's been a really neat experience for me , " he said . "  I have n't had much time for myself so I 'm anxious to get inside the ropes and just go play . Realistically I do n't know what to expect . It 's so hard to quantify because I do n't play a lot of golf and I certainly have n't competed in so long . "  So what does that mean when you go to a stage like this , where there 's millions of people watching on TV and the golf course is so hard ? I do n't know . I do n't even know what my golf should be , but I am going to give it great effort , enjoy every bit of it , add 'em up and see what that means . " Martin has already had a taste of what 's to come after Tuesday 's practice round with his former Stanford college teammate , Tiger Woods . They played together at the 1998 U.S. Open , when Woods -- who had already won the Masters by that stage -- tied for 18th . "  Man , it 's great to see him . And just so happy in life . It 's good to see him in a really good place " said Woods , who is seeking to win his 15th major title but his first since the 2008 U.S. Open at Torrey Pines . "  Unless you really know him , I do n't think people have an appreciation of how much pain he 's in . Just the everyday pain he lives with . He does n't show it , does n't talk about it , does n't complain , he just lives with it . "  And you just look at him and he 's always so happy . It 's very easy to go the other way and be very bitter , because of how uncomfortable he is on a daily basis . But I think that 's what makes him special . That 's what makes him so different than everyone else -- he has such a strong will and such a strong spirit . "	Casey Martin will play at his first major tournament since the 1998 U.S. Open Golfer will again use a cart to get around the Olympic Club course The 40-year-old American suffers from a circulatory problem in his right leg He played with college teammate Tiger Woods in practice this week
CNN  -- For most of us , watching a fly mindlessly bouncing against a window in an effort to escape , is pretty annoying -- perhaps even infuriating . For a team of Swiss scientists , this stubborn maneuver could change the face of search-and-rescue missions forever . Introducing GimBall -- a spherical flying robot encased in a flexible cage , which allows it to happily smash into surfaces while navigating disaster sites . Bounce back Unlike other rescue robots , where colliding with obstacles could easily spell the end of an expedition , GimBall is able to bounce back without losing its bearings or damaging its in-built camera . The futuristic floating ball is the brainchild of scientists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology  EPFL  , and it 's hoped that one day it will be used for everything from searching for survivors to measuring gas leaks in collapsed buildings . Watch : Flying robots perform amazing acrobatics "  We were wondering why insects were so capable of going inside any building -- yet had limited senses such as eyesight , " explained co-creator Adrien Briod . "  One capability that was completely overlooked was their ability to collide into surfaces . For insects this is n't a big deal -- but it is for robots . " Flying to the rescue Indeed , one of the first major search-and-rescue missions to use robots was in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks on New York 's Twin Towers -- an area deemed too dangerous or inaccessible to humans . However , the ground-dwelling machines sometimes found it difficult to negotiate the collapsed World Trade Center , becoming stuck in the rubble . In the last decade , robotics has come a long way , with scientists increasingly looking at the benefits of flying machines in disaster zones . Watch : Flying robots inspired by birds "  A ground robot will very quickly be limited -- even a staircase is difficult . If you need to reach people on the fifth floor of a building , it wo n't be able to do it , " said Briod . "  Flying allows you to overcome large obstacles . And it provides an elevated point of view -- it 's very useful to have an image of the scene from eye level , than from the floor . " Clever design So how does Gimball work ? With a 37 centimeter diameter , the robot is a little larger than a basketball . Featuring a stable inner frame , and a rotating outer frame made of 90 flexible carbon rods , it is able to bounce off surfaces without damaging the machine . While other robots might need heavy sensors to help avoid collisions , GimBall keeps things light , weighing just 370 grams . Two propellers help it fly along at 5 kilometers per hour , with enough battery power to last five minutes . It can either be remote controlled , or fly autonomously , sending back footage to operators . Briod now hopes the pioneering design will be used in real lifesaving missions within the next year , and said we were on the brink of a new era in technology where drones were used in everyday life . "  Up until now , the military had all the drones out there , but in the last few years there 's been a huge development in civilian use , " he said . "  Technology is developing really fast in the field of remote control -- drones are used in rescue missions , fire , or inspecting unstable buildings , bridges , and boats . " Sci-Fi future The research team recently took GimBall for a spin in a Swiss woodland , watching it smash into trees , roll along uneven ground , and negotiate branches -- all without damaging its inner workings . It appeared like a rogue alien aircraft that had been left behind on a mission to Earth . So what is it about flying robots that continues to capture our imaginations in a way few other pieces of tech can ? "  It 's not limited to 2D -- that 's what fascinates people , this freedom to move in the third dimension , " said Briod . "  And seeing your creation flying is extremely satisfying . "	Introducing GimBall , the flying robot that moves like a fly The machine features a protective cage that lets it bounce off surfaces Includes a small in-built camera Swiss scientists hope it will be used in search and rescue missions in the future
CNN  -- MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi is back on his motorbike -- just a month after breaking his leg in a horrific crash . The seven-time world champion took to the track on Wednesday only four weeks after suffering a compound fracture of his shin during a collision in practice for the Italian Grand Prix . In a statement on Yahama 's website the team confirmed Rossi would ride in Misano , Italy , in order to "  better understand his current physical condition . " It had been feared Rossi would miss up to four months of action after the accident but his progress has been better than expected . "  Valentino Rossi will ride a Yamaha YZF-R1 at a private test in Misano , Italy , " Yahama said . "  The Italian has made an excellent recovery so far since breaking his leg at Mugello on 5th June and he has decided to proceed with the test ride in order to better understand his current physical condition . "  Riding a racing motorcycle will help Valentino and his doctors to plan the next stage of his rehabilitation program in order that he may return to racing as soon as he feels confident to do so . "  The test will take place using a YZF-R1 WSB machine provided by the Yamaha World Superbike Team to the Fiat Yamaha Team . " Rossi had never missed a MotoGP race before his leg break , but he has been forced to sit out four so far . If his test ride is successful the 31-year-old could be back for the next race in Germany on 18 July . His Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo currently leads the MotoGP standings , while Rossi lies in seventh place , 104 points off the lead .	MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi to take a test ride on Wednesday Rossi broke his leg in practice for the Italy MotoGP last month Italian was due to be sidelined for up to four months Rossi could return for next race in Germany on July 18
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Five Italian tourists visiting New York from Bologna are among the nine victims believed killed Saturday in a midair collision of a sightseeing helicopter and a single-engine plane over the Hudson River , a law enforcement source said . First responders gather on a pier after a plane and helicopter collided Saturday over the Hudson River . The tourists , who apparently died with the chopper 's pilot , were part of a group of 12 visiting the United States , the source said . The helicopter was operated by Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours . The bodies of two adults and one child were recovered after the collision , which occurred around noon over the Hudson between New York and Hoboken , New Jersey , authorities said . The child is believed to be one of the three people on the plane , a single-engine Piper PA-32 Saratoga that took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport , authorities said . A source involved in the investigation identified the pilot and owner of the plane as Steven Altman , whose brother Daniel and nephew Douglas also were among the victims . The two adult bodies , discovered underwater , are believed to be two of the Italian tourists aboard the helicopter , the law enforcement source said . The Italian Foreign Ministry said consulate officials were working with New York authorities to identify the victims . Helicopter wreckage was found in about 30 feet of water , while the plane is believed to be near the midchannel point of the Hudson in deeper water , the source said . A side-scanning sonar is being used to pinpoint the plane and has identified a possible third debris field , the source said . The search is scheduled to resume Sunday morning , Debbie Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board said at a riverside news conference late Saturday . Underwater visibility of about two feet hampered Saturday 's search effort , she said . All nine people in both aircrafts are thought to have been killed in the collision , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . See where the collision occurred " "  There was an accident which we do not believe was survivable , " said Bloomberg , noting that the search for survivors had become a recovery mission . A temporary flight restriction over the rescue area -- about three nautical miles around and 2,000 feet up -- was put in place , a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said . A witness told investigators he saw the airplane approach the helicopter from behind , Hersman said . The witness said the plane 's right wing made contact with the helicopter , an American Eurocopter AS350 operated by Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , Hersman said . View images from the scene " Another Liberty pilot who was refueling at a nearby heliport told NTSB investigators that he saw the plane approach the helicopter and tried to warn the helicopter pilot , but got no response , Hersman said . "  This is a VFR corridor -- that means Visual Flight Rules prevail , " Hersman told reporters late Saturday . "  You are supposed to be alert and see and avoid other aircraft in the vicinity . " iReport.com : Police search for debris Witnesses reported seeing debris flying from the helicopter as it crashed . The helicopter wreckage has been found , but the search for the plane , single-engine Piper Saratoga PA-32 , will continue Sunday morning , Hersman said at a riverside news conference . Witness Arnold Stevens said after the plane had a wing sheared off , it began "  corkscrewing " into the water . The helicopter "  dropped like a rock " after the collision , which happened about noon . See a series of photos from the scene " Radar contact was lost with a small plane this morning believed to be the aircraft in the crash , FAA spokeswoman Arlene Salac said . Ben Berman , a former investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board , said if the helicopter fell straight down , it 's likely there was a rotor failure . Scott Schuman was with his grandparents on the Hoboken side of the river when they heard a loud bang . "  The plane was kind of whirlybirding its way down , brown smoke coming out the back of it , and it crashed into the water . Then a few seconds later the helicopter with debris falling off of it also hit as well , " Schuman said . "  It was a scary sight , " he added . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send images He said some of the debris fell in Hoboken , and "  we covered our heads . " Asked if he had seen anyone in the water , Schuman replied , "  I have not seen anything , but judging by the impact when the plane and the helicopter hit , it would be very unlikely for a positive outcome . " Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer called on witnesses who filmed or photographed the incident to come forward . "  It would be extremely helpful to have that footage , " she said . The busy airspace surrounding New York 's Manhattan island has been the site of several aeronautical mishaps in recent history . Earlier this year , a US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditched into the Hudson , apparently after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , officials said . Capt. Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger 's landing , which resulted in no deaths or serious injuries , was captured on closed circuit television . In 2006 , Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle and his flight instructor were killed when the 34-year-old ballplayer 's plane crashed into a high-rise apartment building near the East River , city officials said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Five Italian tourists from Bologna , pilot on sightseeing copter believed dead Bodies of two adults from helicopter found below water , authorities say Authorities find body of child who was one of three on small plane in collision Pilot on ground tried to warn helicopter that plane was coming up from behind
CNN  -- Charl Schwartzel stayed on course to achieve his first win since claiming the 2011 U.S. Masters crown as he took a four-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Thailand Championship Friday . The South African shot a seven under par 65 for a 14 under par 130 total at Amata Spring Country Club . Daniel Chopra of Sweden carded a 67 for second place with Japan 's Masanori Kobayashi a shot further back . Rising Japanese star Ryo Ishikawa shot a fine 66 for 136 while this year 's Masters champion Bubba Watson of the United States and Spain 's Sergio Garcia were in the group on 138 . Schwartzel is hopeful of ending his 20-month victory drought , particularly as he has found form on the putting green . "  It is still a long way to go . It 's half the job done . From my side , I just have to keep playing , " he told the official European Tour website . "  I 've been reading them  putts  well . The stroke feels good . I 've gone through a long two years where I 've missed a lot of putts . A few goes in , it 's nice . " Ryder Cup star Garcia had three birdies in his last five holes to take closer order in a high class field . "  I 'm in a decent position , " he said . Meanwhile , Marcus Fraser carded a second straight three-under-par in the Australian Open in Sydney to take a one-shot lead at halfway . The home hope leads fellow Australians Brendan Jones  71  and first-round leader John Senden , who were tied for second at The Lakes . In-form Englishman Justin Rose was in a group tied for fifth at three under going into the weekend , while American legend Tom Watson carded a superb 68 Friday to make the cut by a stroke . Watson is on the same mark as defending champion Greg Chalmers , who slipped back with a second round 75 . The opening event of the 2013 European Tour , the inaugural Nelson Mandela Championship , has yet to get underway at Royal Durban in South Africa . Heavy rainfall left the course flooded for the second straight day but organizers hope to get the delayed event started Saturday . In the Dubai Ladies Masters , the concluding event of the Ladies European Tour , China 's Shanshan Feng continued to lead the way after the third round . She carded a 67 for 18-under-par at the Emirates Golf Club , but Dutch woman Dewi Claire Schreefel made inroads into her lead with a tournament record 63 to trail by five . France 's Gwladys Nocera was a shot back at 12-under , one ahead of Germany 's Caroline Masson and Cindy Lacrosse of the United States .	South African Charl Schwartzel leads at halfway in Thailand Championship Marcus Fraser a shot clear in Australian Open in Sydney Nelson Mandela Championship in South Africa hit by flooding China 's Shanshan Feng leads after three rounds of Dubai Ladies Masters
CNN  -- Mary Kay Letourneau , the teacher who served more than seven years in prison for raping one of her sixth-grade students , finds herself in trouble with the law again . She was arrested and accused of driving with a suspended license and failure to appear , according to Julie Murphy , a spokeswoman for King County Adult and Juvenile Detention & Community Corrections in Washington state . She was booked early Monday morning and released the same day on $ 5,000 bond , the spokeswoman said . According to CNN affiliate KIRO , Letourneau will appear in court Tuesday . Letourneau married her former student , Vili Fualaau , in 2005 . They have two children . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	The teacher served more than seven years in prison for raping one of her students She was arrested and accused of driving with a suspended license , failure to appear Letourneau was released on $ 5,000 bond and is set to be in court Tuesday
CNN  When man relies on machine , there is always something that can go wrong . And there is no more unforgiving environment than the high-stakes world of Formula One . "  Racing is one of those ... probably a crueler sport in that there 's so many other variables , " says Red Bull 's No. 1 driver Daniel Ricciardo , ahead of Sunday 's season-opening Australian Grand Prix . "  Unfortunately it 's not like tennis where all the racquets are pretty much the same and you ca n't blame anyone but yourself . " Ricciardo experienced the full extent of F1 's cruelty at last year 's Melbourne race . The Australian crossed the line in second place -- seemingly becoming the first Aussie to finish on the podium at Albert Park -- but jubilation soon turned to despair . He was disqualified hours after the race when officials ruled his car had exceeded the maximum fuel flow rate , a rule which states each car is limited to 100 kilograms of fuel per race and was introduced to make the sport more fuel efficient . "  It 's frustrating , I mean it 's a part of the sport which will always be frustrating , " said the 25-year-old , reflecting on what was his Red Bull debut . "  I 'm sure even Lewis  Hamilton  and Nico  Rosberg  last year were frustrated at the times because you never have the perfect car , " he added , referring to the two Mercedes drivers , who finished first and second last season . "  But it is what it is , I signed up for that a long time ago , and you just learn to accept it . " It 's a sport where even driving ability often fails to overcome mechanical failures -- eventual world champion Hamilton was forced to retire from last year 's race at Albert Park . But technical blunders do n't always end in disaster -- Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix after experiencing mechanical faults early in the race , and Finnish driver Valterri Bottas lost a wheel in 2014 's opener before roaring to a fifth-place finish . Despite Ricciardo 's previous disappointment , he 's ca n't wait to race on his home turf again next Sunday . "  I definitely feel privileged to have a home race ... it just increases all the hype and all the excitement " said Ricciardo , adding that he would use "  all the Australian flags and all the cheers to my advantage . " After last year 's disaster Ricciardo is looking to make things right , "  There 's a little bit of redemption , I 'm confident we can get it back . "	Red Bull 's No. 1 driver Daniel Ricciardo says Formula One is a "  crueler sport " Last year Ricciardo was disqualified from the Australian Grand Prix after finishing second The 25-year-old is looking for redemption in Melbourne on Sunday
CNN  -- The 19th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards offered few surprises but lots of congeniality on Sunday night . Winners took a moment to thank losers , and the ceremony could n't have been kinder as the peer group gathered to celebrate the best performances of the past year . Visit here for a full list of the night 's winners Here were just a few of the highlights of the evening : 1 . Everyone was so nice ! From Julianne Moore reading the names of every single actor in her "  Game Change " cast  including the baby !  to Jesse Tyler Ferguson sending the "  30 Rock " cast a shout out when his "  Modern Family " cast beat them out for best comedy ensemble , the evening was filled with collegiality and grace . Winners paid tribute to losers and Lifetime Achievement Award recipient Dick Van Dyke declared the room filled with "  the greatest generation of actors in the history of acting . " 2 . Speaking of Dick Van Dyke ... He definitely came off as one of the sweetest men in show business . From his loving story before the ceremony of how he met his wife at the SAG Awards to the positively thrilled look he had on his face when he received a standing ovation during the presentation of his Lifetime Achievement Award , it was as if he was channeling one of his most beloved characters , Rob Petrie , from "  The Dick Van Dyke " show . Loved it . 3 . There were plenty of firsts Anne Hathaway scored her first SAG win with the outstanding female actor in a supporting role for her turn as Fantine in "  Les Miserables " as did Julianne Moore for outstanding female actor in a TV movie / miniseries for "  Game Change . " The cast of "  Downton Abbey " won outstanding ensemble cast in a drama series , which was their first nomination and win . "  I 'm just so thrilled I have dental , " Hathaway joked . 4 . Learning that 14 seems to be a magic number "  I got my SAG card when I was 14 , " Hathaway shared . "  It felt like the beginning of the world . I have loved every single minute of my life as an actor . " Turns out Jennifer Lawrence , who won for outstanding female actor in a leading role for "  Silver Linings Playbook , " also snagged her card when she was 14 -- for a role in an MTV promo for "  My Super Sweet 16 . " Hope springs eternal for child actors it seems . 5 . The sassy quips Oh how we loved Bryan Cranston , best male actor in a drama series winner , dropping a line about being endowed with the statue followed by "  for tonight , at least , I 'm well-endowed . Thank you . " And Phyllis Logan , speaking for the cast of "  Downton Abbey " when they won outstanding ensemble cast in a drama series , crowed , "  Shut the front windows ! " We did n't quite get it , but we loved it . The flu epidemic did n't spare Hollywood as actor Tommy Lee Jones reportedly missed out of picking up his statue for outstanding male actor in a supporting role for "  Lincoln " because he was sick . The cast of "  Argo " won for best cast in a motion picture , and Daniel Day-Lewis scored outstanding performance by a male actor for his role in "  Lincoln . " The SAG Awards , which are decided exclusively by actors , are distinguished from the Globes , which are chosen by a group of about 80 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association . The five film SAG awards traditionally set the stage for the Oscars , voted by about 8,000 members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , to be handed out four weeks later . The SAG ceremony at the Shrine Auditorim & Exposition Center in Los Angeles also includes eight primetime television categories , a followup to the Globes and last fall 's Emmys . The live telecast aired on TNT and TBS .	NEW : The cast of "  Argo " wins for best cast in a motion picture NEW : Daniel Day-Lewis and Jennifer Lawrence win lead acting categories Sunday night marked the 19th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards
His name hints of an unconventional origin and his next journey reveals his desire in doing things "  differently " : So differently that Joseph Michael Liu Kai-Tsu Roqueni , 32 , plans to run barefoot from Canada to Argentina in 18 months . The "  Chexican " -- as he describes himself because of his Chinese , Mexican and Canadian roots -- departed Montreal on July 2 and will cross 14 countries all the way down to Ushuaia , Tierra del Fuego , known as the southernmost city in the world . Kai-Tsu 's strategy is to run about 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  or two-and-a-half hours -- whichever comes first -- twice a day . He will run barefoot because "  no one has else done it , " it 's cheaper and he wo n't have to carry lots of pairs of running shoes with him . Overall , Joseph 's feet will cover 19,000 kilometers  about 11,806 miles  of roads , a distance nearly 7,000 kilometers  4,349 miles  greater than the Earth 's diameter . Kai-Tsu 's also plans to raise funds for an organization to promote education of each country that he runs across . For now , he has picked an organization in Canada and Mexico . His inspiration : Ernesto "  Che " Guevara 's motorcycle journey across South America and the case of a Uruguayan rugby team stranded in the mountains for over two months after their plane crashed in the Chilean Andes . But his "  true guru " is the Italian mountaineer Reinhold Messner , who has climbed all 14 "  eight-thousanders " peaks  mountains over 8,000 meters or 26,000 feet above sea level  without oxygen . "  I thought my friends did n't believe me " Kai-Tsu has just graduated from Concordia University in Montreal where he obtained an Industrial Engineering degree . He was part of the university 's cross-country running club . However , not even his running teammates , he says , believed he was going to start the adventure . "  They tell me I 'm crazy and I thought my friends did n't believe me , " he told CNNMxico.com days before starting his adventure . His family supports him , though his dad remains "  concerned , " even though Kai-Tsu has done his best to reassure him . Kai-Tsu compares the skeptics of his journey to those who doubted Christopher Columbus ' plan to sail across the Atlantic . "  It is like telling Columbus : ` You are crazy , the Earth is flat and your boat will drop off ' -- he would never have sailed and discovered that the Earth is round . " Why did he "  hang up the sneakers ? " Kai-Tsu has been training for over a year . To prepare himself -- "  because the mechanics are different , " -- he says , he has run barefoot on almost all the surfaces he will find along the road and during all his training sessions , he wore the backpack he will carry with him through the journey . Before he started training , he read about the Tarahumara tribe , the history of human exploration and the minimalistic running trend , that according to Mexican marathon runner German Silva , could be "  a response in our society where there 's so much of everything . " Kai-Tsu 's barefoot training has been gradual and so far , the longest distance he has run is 20 kilometers  a little over 12 miles ,  , with four of those  2.48 miles  in the snow . According to Silva , the most harmful surfaces for the human feet are pavement or running tracks , and for this reason Kai-Tsu will try to avoid paved roads . He is carrying only four pairs of sandals whose soles are designed specially for running and he plans to wear them when his feet become sensitive . Kai-Tsu has n't followed a specific diet since he will eat "  what I can find " along the way . He will try to consume chia seeds , a food source that "  contains 21 % protein , a level markedly greater than other nutritional grains such as wheat , corn , rice , oats , barley , and amaranth , " according to the European Food Safety Authority . His sponsors will also provide him with granola bars and vegetable supplements . "  No one will follow me . " He picked this journey because he wants to be different from other adventurers such as Jesper Olsen , who has also run around the world . The difference : he has worn his running shoes and a support team escorted him along his treks . Unlike Olsen , "  no one will follow me , " Kai-Tsu said . His route has been based on the seasons so he does n't run during winter . He knows where he will be every day , so in December he plans to be in Central America , but he refrains from giving more dates and places because he does n't know what could happen along the way . He is aware of the risks , from robberies to encounters with wild animals . He is only carrying a first aid kit and an emergency button to be rescued by helicopter if needed , and although Kai-Tsu tries not to think about it , he says that if something does happen to him , he will go back to Canada to be treated and then he 'll resume his journey . "  I will not give up easily , " he insisted . You can follow Kai-Tsu 's journey on his website : http://www.runningtotheendoftheworld.com/	Joseph Michael Liu Kai-Tsu Roqueni to run barefoot from Canada to Argentina The "  Chexican " left Montreal on Tuesday and will run south through 14 countries Kai-Tsu is running barefoot because it "  is something no one has done " Joseph 's feet will cover 19,000 kilometers of roads , greater than Earth 's diameter
A Palestinian man has admitted to deliberately ramming a vehicle into three Israeli soldiers in the West Bank two weeks ago -- one of several recent cases of violence in the Palestinian territory or Jerusalem -- Israeli police said Thursday . Jamal Hamam Mesalmeh , 23 , turned himself in to Israeli authorities shortly after the November 5 incident near the village of al-Aroub and claimed it was an accident , police said . The soldiers suffered moderate injuries , officials said at the time . Israeli police said Mesalmeh is an activist associated with the Islamist Hamas movement . Police said he claimed he was inspired in part by an attack in eastern Jerusalem earlier November 5 -- one in which Israeli authorities said a Palestinian drove into pedestrians at a rail station , killing two Israelis and at least 12 other people before police shot and killed the driver . Tensions between Israelis and Palestinians have worsened in recent months , agitated in part by arguments over the Jerusalem holy site called the Temple Mount by Jews and Haram al-Sharif , or the Noble Sanctuary , by Muslims . Those incidents include Tuesday 's attack on a Jerusalem synagogue , where Israeli authorities say two Palestinian cousins wielding a gun killed four worshipers and a police officer before the assailants themselves were killed . It was the deadliest attack in Jerusalem since 2008 . Hamas did not claim responsibility for Tuesday 's killings , but a spokesman for the group linked it to the discovery Sunday of a Palestinian bus driver hanged in his bus not far from the synagogue . Israeli authorities say the bus driver 's death was a suicide , but his family disputes that , claiming he was attacked . The violence followed other hit-and-run incidents last month . On October 22 , a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters waiting at a light-rail stop in Jerusalem , killing a baby and wounding several other people Israeli police said . Three days earlier , a 5-year-old girl died after an Israeli settler deliberately ran her over as she returned him from kindergarten in the West Bank , Palestinian state news reported .	Jamal Hamam Mesalmeh , 23 , claims he drove into soldiers on purpose , police say Attack happened November 5 in the West Bank ; three soldiers were injured Violent incident was one of several in recent weeks in the West Bank and Jerusalem
CNN  -- Over the years Tottenham Hotspur 's supporters have suffered anti-Semitic abuse and until recently visiting supporters would hiss , in an effort to mimic the sound of the gas chambers that sent six million Jews to their deaths during the Holocaust . So just how offensive is the use of the word "  Yid " at football matches ? British Prime Minister David Cameron has been told that his view on Spurs fans being able to use the "  Yid " word at football matches is "  ludicrous " by an anti-racism group . Last week , the English Football Association told fans they could face prosecution if they used the word , a term which at different times throughout history has been used by Jews and also to abuse them . A north London-based club , Spurs are known for having a large number of Jewish supporters , with a section of Spurs fans having attempted to reclaim the "  Y word " by referring to themselves as the "  Yid Army " and chanting it at matches . "  There 's a difference between Spurs fans self-describing themselves as Yids and someone calling someone a Yid as an insult , " Cameron told the UK-based Jewish Chronicle newspaper . "  You have to be motivated by hate . Hate speech should be prosecuted -- but only when it 's motivated by hate . " But Cameron 's views have been dismissed as ` ludicrous ' by Race for Sport , a group which prides itself on "  promoting fairness , justice and equality within all sports . " David Neita , a spokesperson for the group and a member of the Society of Black Lawyers , says the attempt by Tottenham fans to suggest they have reclaimed the word "  is an insult to anybody 's intelligence . " He added : "  Tottenham fans can be excused for attempting to deflect the abuse they received as neither the football club nor the FA previously took any action against the anti-Semitism voiced by other London clubs . "  Once anti-Semitism is being highlighted and prosecuted that is not longer a defense , if it ever was . Tottenham fans have neither the right nor the moral authority to do so . " Cameron has also come in for criticism from Peter Herbert , a leading lawyer and chairman of the Society of Black Lawyers , who says the Prime Minister 's comments "  actually condone anti-Semitism or racism . " "  Football is a part of society and not separate from it , so the Prime Minister has to really think what he is saying because he legitimizes anti-Semitism and that is a sad thing for any parliamentarian to do , " Herbert told Sky Sports . "  You can not have people breaking the criminal law on Saturday afternoon and saying it is OK because we have a badge of honor . " British comedian David Baddiel , a leading campaigner against racial hatred towards the Jewish community , also believes the word should not be used by Tottenham fans . Baddiel , a Jewish Chelsea supporter , attacked Cameron 's position on the matter in his blog on the Guardian newspaper 's website . "  The fact is that whatever its origins , their continuing use of the Y-word legitimizes and sustains the racist abuse aimed at Spurs by other fans , " he writes . "  It 's a call and response dynamic , like many at football matches . " Only in a small boxed off section in the Daily Mirror does Cameron receive any real support . Writing in the tabloid , Darren Alexander , joint chairman of the Spurs Supporters ' Trust , hailed Cameron as "  the first person to speak with any common sense on this matter . " Alexander added : "  It is nice to see somebody who understands that word can have two meanings to two different sets of people . " But Cameron is not alone in receiving criticism with the FA also coming in for blame with several commentators claiming the organization is going after the wrong people . Writing in the Israeli newspaper , Haaretz , Anshel Pfeffer argues more should be done to punish those club 's whose fans persist in anti-Semitic chanting , rather than Tottenham fans who he believes do not use the term in an offensive manner . "  How difficult is it to understand that when a team with a wide Jewish fan base and prominent Jewish businesspeople among its executives proudly call themselves ` Yids ' , there is nothing anti-Semitic about it , " he asks . "  It would be even complimentary to Jews if it was a half decent club . But when supporters of rival Chelsea or Arsenal sing the "  the Yids are going to Auschwitz , " accompanied by the hissing sounds of gas , that is rank racism . " David Aaronovitch , a columnist for The Times also agrees that the FA ' s position on the issue is skewed . "  The problem with the Y-word is not Spurs fans ' use of it , but other clubs ' supporters ' racism , " he told the newspaper . "  It seems bizarre to me that the focus of the action by the FA should be the people who are not the problem . "	British Prime Minister David Cameron backs Tottenham fans ' right to use the word ` Yid ' Section of Spurs fans , both Jewish and non-Jewish , refer to themselves as the "  Yid army " and Spurs players as "  Yiddos " . Football Association has threatened to prosecute fans for using the term at matches
New York  CNN  -- A woman who admitted to stealing a 19-day-old infant from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 was sentenced Monday to 12 years in prison . Ann Pettway , who pleaded guilty in February to one count of kidnapping , expressed remorse in a brief statement to the federal court in Manhattan . "  I would like to apologize to the family , " Pettway told U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel . "  I am deeply sorry for what I 've done . If they do n't accept it , it 's understandable , " said Pettway , adding , "  I 'm here today to right my wrong and ask for forgiveness . " According to prosecutors , the parents of the baby girl , named Carlina Renae White , had taken her to Harlem Hospital on August 4 , 1987 , because she had a fever . Early the following day , hospital personnel discovered the baby was gone . For 23 years Pettway raised the girl under another name and as her own child , prosecutors said . In January 2010 , when the victim sought to get prenatal care during her own pregnancy , she had difficulty getting a birth certificate from Pettway , prosecutors said . The victim became suspicious and contacted the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . DNA confirmed she was Carlina White , the daughter of Carl Tyson and Joy White . Pettway turned herself in to the FBI in Bridgeport , Connecticut , shortly after the victim , now in her mid-20s , was reunited with her birth parents . Pettway , now 50 , told authorities she took the baby because she had suffered two stillborn births , one just months before the abduction . The birth parents both read statements Monday during Pettway 's sentencing hearing . "  I never had a chance to put my daughter on a school bus , " said Carl Tyson , making direct eye contact with Pettway . "  What they should give you is 23 years for what you took from me . " A teary-eyed Joy White told a packed courtroom , "  I only spent 19 days with  her daughter  from birth , and those were the most memorable days of my life . " Both parents admit to difficulties trying to get to know their now-adult daughter . Judge Castel recommended Pettway serve her sentence in facilities in Danbury , Connecticut , or Tallahassee , Florida , where she could participate in mental health programs . In addition to 12 years in prison , Pettway was also sentenced to three years probation and ordered to pay a $ 100 special assessment fee .	A 19-day-old infant disappeared from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 Prosecutors say she was taken by a woman who raised the child under a different name The victim became suspicious as an adult , and DNA tests established her true identity The woman who pleaded guilty to taking the infant apologizes
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard is interviewing 21 people picked up by two cruise ships off Florida this week to determine their nationalities and whether they should be sent home , a spokesman said Saturday . The rafters are in Coast Guard custody , Petty Officer Mark Barney said . He would not disclose their countries of origin , though one of the ships involved in the rescue , the Carnival Conquest , said the 13 people it picked up are Cuban . The first rescue happened Thursday afternoon , when the Disney Wonder cruise ship picked up eight people on a raft about 45 miles from Key West , the cruise line said . iReporter captures photos of rafters prior to rescue A picture of the rescue taken by a Turner Broadcasting employee aboard the ship showed a boxy wooden vessel with a makeshift sail next to the ship as the rafters were helped aboard . Disney said the ship acted at the request of the Coast Guard to rescue the rafters . It did not give the nationalities of the eight , who were given medical attention , food and water once aboard . The ship was in the middle of a five-night cruise , a spokeswoman said . The second rescue was Friday afternoon in the same area , about 40 miles from Key West . Carnival said its ship spotted the raft and coordinated with the Coast Guard to take them aboard and give them food , water and medical treatment . "  We are happy to have come to the aid of these individuals and to support the long-established tradition among the global maritime community of providing assistance to mariners in distress , " Carnival President and Chief Executive Gerry Cahill said in a statement . The Conquest was on the last leg of a seven-day trip , the cruise line said . Solo yachtsman rescued after 3 days adrift at sea Disney cruise ship rescues 4 men off Florida Cruise ship rescues 23 Cubans at sea	Cruise ships pick up people on two rafts off Florida this week At least some of the rafters may be Cuban Coast Guard is holding the rafters until interviews are complete
CNN  -- Deng Zhuoxiang scored the only goal of the match as China handed France a 1-0 defeat in Les Blues final match before the World Cup finals . Playing on the French island of Reunion for the first time in their history , Raymond Domenech 's men controlled the game but fell victim to a swerving free kick from Deng in the 68th minute . France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was deceived by the flight of Deng 's strike with the new World Cup ball . Domenech , who will stand down as French coach after the finals , was not impressed by his side 's performance against a team who did not make South Africa . "  I 'm disappointed . Losing a match , even a friendly , even a World Cup preparation match , is never nice , " he told AFP . "  Now we have to analyze the match . I 'm disappointed , particularly for the players and the public . But the World Cup is not today . It starts on June 11 . " France beat Costa Rica and tied with Tunisia in their other warm-up matches ahead of the finals . The 2006 runners-up to Italy travel to South Africa on Saturday and begin their campaign in Group A against Uruguay on June 11 . They will be hoping for a more convincing performance than they managed against the Chinese , with plenty of possession but few shots on target . Franck Ribery and Yoann Gourcuff had long-range shots saved while Williams Gallas had a backheel ruled out for offside and also headed narrowly wide . Franck Ribery was the biggest threat before being replaced on the hour while Thierry Henry and Abou Diaby came on as substitutes , but it was Deng who scored with his side 's only shot on target in the game . In other World Cup warmup action on Friday , Slovenia beat New Zealand 3-1 .	China beat France 1-0 in Les Blues final warm-up match for World Cup finals Deng Zhuoxiang scored only goal of the match in 68th minute with vicious free kick France coach Raymond Domenech ` disappointed ' with defeat on island of Reunion Slovenia beat New Zealand 3-1 in World Cup warm-up game
CNN  -- Oh , Rebecca Black . You gave us a reason to reconsider our favorite day of the workweek . And , apparently , the Internet could n't get enough . Black , the teen songstress who became a YouTube sensation with the bubblegum ear worm "  Friday , " topped the Google Zeitgeist list of hot search terms in 2011 . Released in March , the largely reviled tune caused searches for the then-13-year-old 's name to increase more than 10,000 % over the past year , Google reported Wednesday . This year was the 11th for Zeitgeist , Google 's look at search trends for the year . The report , rendered with interactive images and detailed infographics , breaks down searches by country and region as well as tallying global activity . "  From local celebrities in Finland to Singaporeans looking for news on the revolutions in Egypt and Libya half a world away , people turned to Google to learn more about what was happening on the world stage , " Google 's Amit Singhal wrote on the company 's official blog . The top 10 was n't all breezy pop songs . "  Jackass " star Ryan Dunn , who died in a car crash in June , was the third-hottest search , while Steve Jobs , the Apple co-founder who died in October , was ninth . Jobs was already an internationally known name . But searches for him still rose 982 % over 2010 , Google said , with traffic peaking the week after his death . It was a big year for technology overall , and Google 's results show it . The company 's own Google + social network was second on the list .  If that seems all too convenient , note that Zeitgeist rankings consider how fast a search term rises . So something that did n't exist last year , like Google + or Rebecca Black 's career , is inevitably going to have an advantage . Massive video game release "  Battlefield 3 " was fifth on the list , and the iPad 2 was 10th . Squeezed between those two offerings , at No. 6 , was a tech world product that does n't even exist : the iPhone 5 . Google says searches for that term peaked the week of September 25 , days before Apple lovers learned that the new phone they were getting was , in fact , called the iPhone 4S . Singer Adele , Japan 's damaged Fukushima power plant and acquitted murder suspect Casey Anthony rounded out the top 10 . Of course , where there are top risers , there are fastest fallers . As Google + emerged  albeit to what appears to be waning interest  , former social networking hot spot Myspace slid , becoming the fastest-dropping search term . Delta Air Lines , Chinese Web services company Baidu  a Google rival during the company 's now-terminated efforts there  and the Spanish-language search "  Hotmail correo " also saw big dips , compared with their 2010 search rankings .	Rebecca Black , Steve Jobs among hottest 2011 searches on Google Google Zeitgeist annually charts the fastest-rising search terms on the site The nonexistent iPhone 5  Apple actually launched the 4S  made the top 10 Once dominant Myspace was among the fastest-dropping search terms of the year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- There 's no question "  Tropic Thunder " takes chances . Ben Stiller , left , and Robert Downey Jr. are among the stars of "  Tropic Thunder , " a Hollywood satire . Tom Cruise almost unrecognizable as a foulmouthed , foul-mannered movie executive ? Check . Mockery of action heroes , Method actors and gross-out comedians ? Check . Challenging stereotypes at every opportunity ? Absolutely . But casting Robert Downey Jr. as a black man ? Well , that might be a bit much . Or maybe not . In "  Tropic Thunder , " a comedy about self-absorbed Hollywood types making a "  Platoon " - style war movie , Downey plays Australian actor Kirk Lazarus , a multiple Oscar-winning performer who gets so involved in his roles that he forgets to come out of them . He 's a man constantly looking for ways to transform himself for his art . So , cast as a black man in the war movie , Lazarus decides to dye his skin surgically . Downey -- no slouch as an actor himself -- has often been seen as one who immerses himself fully in his roles . That kind of dedication prevented the character from coming off as offensive , said Ben Stiller , who directed , co-wrote and stars in "  Tropic Thunder . " "  I give all the credit to Robert , " Stiller told CNN . "  I felt he really was so committed to that character , the guy that was playing that guy , that as an audience you bought his sincerity . Very few people , I think , could pull that off . " Brandon Jackson , who plays hip-hop star turned actor Alpa Chino  say it fast  , agreed . "  Robert was black the whole time . My mom came on the set and she thought it was Don Cheadle , " he told CNN . "  I 'm serious . That 's how black he was . " Watch Jackson talk about working with Downey " The movie , which also stars Stiller as struggling action star Tugg Speedman and Jack Black as gross-out king Jeff Portnoy , features some testy altercations between Downey 's Lazarus and Jackson 's Chino . Lazarus gets so involved in his role that even when it 's clear filming has wrapped for the day , he sticks with it -- which irritates Chino to no end . "  To me the most important thing was Alpa Chino has to give him a beat down and tell him that what he 's doing is crazy the whole time , " Downey said . "  Otherwise it 's just demeaning to Brandon 's character . And if it 's demeaning to an actual black man in the movie ... I would have run for the hills . " Jackson said he would have challenged the movie if the material was offensive . But , he said , "  Tropic Thunder " is a long way from the days when white performers would don blackface as a way of exploiting black stereotypes . Since then , he said , the playing field has leveled : The Wayans brothers played "  White Chicks " in the film of the same name , and Eddie Murphy has played several ethnicities in his films , including Jewish and Chinese characters . "  If we 're all gon na play ball , let 's all play ball , " Jackson said . "  I believe in fairness . If we can punch you , punch back . And funny is funny . " iReport.com : Will you see ` Tropic Thunder ' ? Stiller , of course , is no stranger to testing comedy limits . The actor , writer and director , known for films such as "  Meet the Parents " and "  Zoolander , " has performed or created roles that strike a delicate balance between sympathetic and distasteful -- and sometimes fall too hard on one side of the line . He co-wrote "  Tropic Thunder " based on an idea he had in 1987 , when many of his friends were making war movies , he recalls in the film 's production notes . While Stiller was making "  Empire of the Sun , " his colleagues were in boot camps training for their military roles -- and would emerge talking about the boot camp as if they 'd become part of a real military unit . "  This sort of self-important , self-involved thing seemed funny to me , " he said in the notes . "  I just could n't figure a way to make that into a movie . " Not immediately , anyway . But after several years , Stiller and his colleagues worked out a story that not only mocked actors , but filmmaking in general . In "  Thunder , " after the studio threatens to shut down the big-budget production , the frustrated director  played by Steve Coogan  refuses to stop , and takes his cast deep into a Southeast Asia jungle to shoot "  guerrilla style . " There they encounter danger in the form of drug lords . "  Tropic Thunder , " which already has received praise from Newsweek 's David Ansen and The Hollywood Reporter 's Kirk Honeycutt , has also earned its share of knocks . The most serious have come from advocacy groups for the disabled , which are planning to picket Monday 's Los Angeles premiere . In the film , Speedman has made a bid for an Oscar by playing "  Simple Jack , " a developmentally disabled character . Other characters in "  Tropic Thunder " dismiss Speedman 's attempt to play what they refer to as a "  retard . " Representatives of the Special Olympics , the Arc of the United States , the National Down Syndrome Congress , the American Association of People with Disabilities and other groups met with studio executives last week to discuss the film , but DreamWorks did not make any changes . "  We are asking people not to go to the movie and hope to bring a consciousness to people about using derogatory words about this population , " said Peter Wheeler , a spokesman for the Special Olympics , according to Reuters . In a statement Sunday , Chip Sullivan , a DreamWorks spokesman , said the movie was "  an R-rated comedy that satirizes Hollywood and its excesses and makes its point by featuring inappropriate and over-the-top characters in ridiculous situations . " In the statement , Sullivan added that the film was not meant to disparage or harm people with disabilities and that DreamWorks expected to work closely with disability groups in the future . In junket interviews for the film , Stiller said that screening audiences definitely found "  Tropic Thunder " funny . "  You go out there and put your best foot forward in terms of what you think you 're doing , of what you think is the right idea , " he said . "  If people are accepting it the way that you intended , and you feel that from a general audience ... then stand behind it . " Downey trusts that after years of making themselves known as actors who can skillfully walk that fine line between funny and offensive , audiences will accept the film 's satire -- his role in particular . "  I just hope at this point , with whatever little we 've done to brand ourselves as entertainers , that you give us a little slack , " he said . CNN entertainment correspondent Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	"  Tropic Thunder " pushes boundaries at every opportunity Film has taken knocks from groups for the developmentally disabled "  Thunder " casts Robert Downey Jr. as Method actor playing black man Downey , other cast members do n't believe character is offensive
Tracy Morgan remained in critical condition Sunday but appeared to show signs of improvement after a car wreck a day earlier that killed another passenger , the comedian 's publicist said . "  He has been more responsive today , which is an incredibly encouraging sign , " Lewis Kay said . Morgan 's limo van was hit by a tractor-trailer on the New Jersey Turnpike at about 1 a.m. Saturday , according to Sgt. Gregory Williams of New Jersey State Police . Morgan suffered several injuries , including broken ribs , a broken nose , a broken leg and a broken femur . He underwent surgery on his leg on Sunday , Kay said , noting any road to recovery would be a long one . "  We expect him to remain in the hospital for several weeks , " he said . The chain-reaction wreck killed Morgan 's fellow passenger , comedian James McNair , who performed under the name Jimmy Mack , and injured several others , according to officials . The truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in , police said Sunday . Kevin Roper , 35 , posted a $ 50,000 bail Saturday night , according to James O'Neill , spokesman for the Middlesex , New Jersey , district attorney 's office . Comedians Ardie Fuqua and Harris Stanton were among the injured , as was Jeffrey Millea , Williams said . One person was released Saturday , but Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Jersey would n't disclose that person 's name . Two others remained in critical condition Sunday , hospital spokeswoman Zenaida Mendez said . CNN reached Fuqua 's agent on Sunday , but he had no comment . Walmart employee charged Roper is charged with one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto after the tractor-trailer he was driving crashed into the limo bus , a statement from Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office said . Walmart spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan said Roper is an employee . "  This is a tragedy , and we are profoundly sorry that one of our trucks was involved , " Bill Simon , president and CEO of Walmart U.S. , said in a statement . "  The facts are continuing to unfold . If it 's determined that our truck caused the accident , Walmart will take full responsibility . " Chain-reaction crash The wreck occurred about 1 a.m. ET Saturday on the turnpike in Mercer County , Williams said . "  The driver of the tractor-trailer failed to observe slow-moving traffic ahead , " Williams said . "  At the last minute , he swerved to try and avoid the Mercedes limo bus but struck it from behind , forcing the limo to rotate and overturn . " Four other vehicles were involved in the crash , the prosecutor 's office said , but no one in those vehicles was injured . Williams said he does not believe alcohol played a role in the crash , but that is under investigation . The National Transportation Safety Board will investigate "  safety issues related to commercial trucking and limousine safety , " said agency spokesman Keith Holloway . "  All I know is I saw traffic ... and I stopped ... and I was upside down and in the vehicle , " limo driver Tyrone Gale told WCAU . Gale suffered bruises in the crash , WCAU reported . Christopher Thompson , the co-owner of Atlantic Transportation Services , which was operating the limo bus , said he thought the bus was heading to drop Morgan off in New Jersey . From SNL to '30 Rock ' Morgan , 45 , was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years . He later received an Emmy nomination for his role in "  30 Rock , " in which he played Tracy Jordan , an exaggerated version of himself . The New York City native made his reputation with over-the-top characters and impressions of celebrities such as Mike Tyson and Oprah Winfrey . Morgan performed a comedy tour act Friday night at the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino in Dover , Delaware , the venue said . The actor received messages of support and concern on Twitter . "  Wishing a speedy recovery to our friend @RealTracyMorgan , " tweeted SNL Weekend Update . "  Shocked to wake up and read that @RealTracyMorgan is injured . Love to Tracy and wishing him strength , " said former SNL cast member Rachel Dratch . "  My thoughts are with Tracy Morgan and his family . I hope he pulls through this soon and gets back to making us laugh ! " said Joan Rivers . "  Saying a prayer for @RealTracyMorgan , " said actor-director Jon Favreau . "  Come on @RealTracyMorgan pull through this buddy , " tweeted actor Ike Barinholtz of "  The Mindy Project . " Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles	"  I saw traffic and I stopped and I was upside down , " limo driver tells WCAU Morgan remains in critical condition ; truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in Comedian James McNair , also known as "  Jimmy Mack , " died in the crash
Washington  CNN  -- They are the size of marshmallows and the colors of peppermint twists . And because some small children think they might be treats , laundry detergent gel packs -- which recently hit the market -- are proving to be a potential home hazard . Authorities in the United States and in the United Kingdom say there has been an uptick in phone calls and hospitalizations resulting from children who have swallowed or otherwise been exposed to the gel packs of highly concentrated laundry detergent , perhaps believing them to be candy . U.S. poison hotlines have received 2,950 calls concerning exposures to children 5 and under so far this year , with 734 calls in August alone . Not all exposures are poisonings or overdoses . No deaths have been reported . Powerful magnets in toys raise risks from swallowing "  Because they are colorful and squishy , they are attractive to children , " warns the American Association of Poison Control Centers . "  They can look like candy or something fun to play with . " But the capsules contain strong alkaline cleaning agents that can destroy tissue and cause intense inflammation and swelling , according to the authors of an article in the British Medical Journal . Some children who swallowed the packets have become very ill and required hospitalization , the poison controls group said . Some children have experienced excessive vomiting , wheezing and gasping . New York City 's poison hotline received its first call about the gel packs in April , and has received about 40 more since then , most from hospitals , said Health Department spokeswoman Chanel Caraway . "  It is something new that we 're seeing , " Caraway said . "  These are basically brand new to the market and once they started hitting the market is when we started seeing  reports of exposures  . " In May , the U.S. poison centers highlighted the issue , urging parents to store concentrated detergents out of reach of young children . And the American Cleaning Institute  ACI  , an organization representing producers and distributors in the cleaning products industry , advises consumers to store the detergents "  out of reach and out of sight of children . " ACI : Doing Laundry -- The Safe Way On its website  www.cleaninginstitute.org  , the organization has guidance on safe use and storage of "  single unit dose laundry detergent packets . " Included is the phone number -- 1-800-222-1222 -- to call to reach a poison center in the United States . "  Detergent manufacturers are re-emphasizing the importance of keeping single unit dose laundry detergent packets out of the reach of children , in the wake of recent reports about children accidentally ingesting these products , " Brian Sansoni , ACI vice president , told CNN Wednesday . "  We are obviously very concerned whenever these situations occur . " ACI : Safe Laundry Practices In the United Kingdom , the National Poisoning Information Service received 647 phone calls and almost 4,000 online searches about the eating/swallowing of the contents of liquid detergent capsules , from health care professionals in the last year , according to an article published Wednesday in the British Medical Journal . In the UK , doctors are calling for improved safety warnings and childproof packaging for the "  liquitabs " after a cluster of five incidents in which toddlers inadvertently swallowed the capsules , the Journal reports . The cases were reported in the "  Archives of Disease in Childhood . " All five children were admitted to one hospital in Glasgow , Scotland , as emergencies with four requiring intubations for several days to treat swelling . In one child , the swelling was so severe it required surgery . "  All the children recovered , but ... the incidents had ' a catastrophic impact on the child and family , ' " the Journal reported .	In August alone , U.S. poison centers got 734 calls regarding children and detergent gel packs U.S. poison hotlines have received 2,950 calls so far this year Parents are urged to store concentrated detergents out of reach of young children If a child has ingested a packet , call your local poison center at 1-800-222-1222
Washington  CNN  -- When a 7-foot bronze statue of 19th century abolitionist Frederick Douglass is unveiled at the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday , the event will honor a figure whose political legacy looms large but whose personal life is lesser known . Many Americans know that Douglass was born a slave in Maryland in the early 1800s and later wrote an autobiography "  Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass , An American . " His tale of escape from bondage to statesman , abolitionist and activist in the women 's suffrage movement is also fairly well known . But sculptor Steven Weitzman says he found that while working on the piece , Douglass was a man whose life goes far beyond the legend . Here are five things you might not know about him : 1 . He worked across the aisle Republican House Speaker John Boehner recently called the statue of Douglass "  a fitting tribute to one of the greatest Americans and voices for freedom who ever lived . " The GOP connection to Douglass goes back centuries . Douglass had the ear of President Abraham Lincoln on matters concerning slavery and the treatment of black soldiers who fought in the Civil War . However , the two had a complicated relationship . Douglass was frustrated by what he saw as Lincoln 's delayed support of emancipation . Douglass would later go on to call Lincoln the nation 's "  greatest president . " During the 1888 Republican National Convention , Douglass was both a speaker and became the first African-American in a major party roll call vote to have his name put forth for president . Douglass also conferred with Lincoln 's successor , Andrew Johnson , on supporting the right of blacks to vote . What ` Lincoln ' misses and another Civil War film gets right 2 . He held several government positions At a time when many African-Americans were trying to establish lives after slavery , Douglass was appointed to several high-level U.S. government positions . He served as minister and general counsel to the Republic of Haiti . He spoke at the 1892 Chicago World 's fair where he detailed Haiti 's journey as a colony founded on slave labor to one governed by former slaves , and drew a connection to the African-American struggle for freedom . Douglass was also the first black U.S. marshal and served in Washington . Abolition through education 3 . He was a twice-married supporter of women 's rights Douglass was first married to Anna Murray , a free black woman who shared his passion and commitment to the abolitionist cause . She helped him escape slavery and the couple eventually adopted the last name Douglass . The couple and their five children were heavily involved in printing an abolitionist newspaper and helping support Murray 's underground railroad efforts as she aided runaway slaves on their journey north . Douglass ' second wife was Helen Pitts , the white daughter of an abolitionist who was very active in the women 's rights movement . Douglass spoke passionately at the Seneca Falls Convention on women 's rights and urged the gathering to support the right to vote for both genders regardless of race . 4 . He often found himself in difficult political positions As an outspoken advocate for the right to vote for African-Americans and women , Douglass often found his relationship with those who supported similar causes strained . Abolitionist John Brown tried to convince Douglass to join the raid on Harper 's Ferry , a violent and ultimately failed attempt to start an armed slave revolt . "  I. . . told him that Virginia would blow him and his hostages sky-high , rather than that he should hold Harper 's Ferry an hour . Our talk was long and earnest ; We spent the most of Saturday and a part of Sunday in this debate : Brown for Harper 's Ferry , and I against it ; He for striking a blow which should instantly rouse the country , and I for the policy of gradually and unaccountably drawing off the slaves to the mountains , as at first suggested and proposed by him , " Douglass wrote in "  The Life and Times of Frederick Douglass . " Douglass also found himself at odds with longtime friend and women 's suffrage advocate Elizabeth Cady Stanton , over the 15th Amendment , which prevents the government from denying citizens the right to vote based on race . Stanton had hopes to link women 's voting rights to the bill ; Douglass worried this would sink the measure . Douglass publicly expressed frustration with Lincoln 's latent support of emancipation and once wrote of Johnson , who had blanched at meeting the black abolitionist : " ` Whatever Andrew Johnson may be , he certainly is no friend of our race . ' " Commentary : Lincoln 's remarkable tie to former slave 5 . The abolitionist 's statue will stand in a place built by slave labor It is no small symbol that Douglass ' statue will stand in the U.S. Capitol , a landmark built partly slave labor . They quarried the stones used in the columns , walls and floors . Douglass ' statue will be featured prominently in Emancipation Hall and will be one of the first big visuals millions of Americans see when they arrive . Douglass ' statue is the first to represent the District of Columbia and the third of an African-American at the Capitol . Martin Luther King Jr. , and Rosa Parks from the civil rights era also have statues as does abolitionist Sojourner Truth . The unveiling comes on a day when many states celebrate "  Juneteenth , " a day in 1865 when African-American slaves in Texas were finally told they were free . Historic milestone for African-American voters in 2012	Douglass worked with both Republicans and Democrats on behalf of black voting rights He saw a kinship in Haiti 's history as a former slave colony and that of blacks in America He was an outspoken supporter of the women 's suffrage movement His statue is the first to represent Washingon D.C.
CNN  -- If you 're like most people , me included , you may have trouble running an Olympics hurdle race without pulling a muscle . Google is here to help . The Internet giant on Tuesday embellished its search page with an animated , interactive doodle that lets users run the hurdles by tapping on their keyboards . Tapping the arrow keys makes the hurdler run , while hitting the space bar helps him leap over the 10 hurdles in his path . Each effort is timed , and runners can earn up to three virtual stars -- think of them as gold , silver or bronze medals .  Note from , ahem , personal experience : If you fail to clear a single hurdle , you win nothing and your runner hangs his head dejectedly at the finish line . Bored office drones , say goodbye to your workplace productivity . Google 's online hurdle race coincides , of course , with track and field events this week at the London Olympics . The brief animation is the latest in an occasional series of interactive Google doodles commemorating special events . Past doodles have let users observe a lunar eclipse , play notes on a virtual synthesizer to observe the 78th birthday of Robert Moog and elude ghosts in a playable online version of Pac-Man , the classic arcade game . Google users were posting their best hurdle times on Twitter and elsewhere Tuesday and challenging others to beat them . Anything under 15 seconds is pretty speedy . No word on whether U.S. Olympians Dawn Harper or Lolo Jones had given it a try .	Google added an interactive hurdle race to its search page Tuesday The animated doodle lets users leap over hurdles by tapping their keyboards Users were posting their best times on Twitter and challenging others to beat them
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democratic presidential front-runner Sen. Hillary Clinton is being taken to task by her two closest rivals for accepting $ 400,000 in campaign contributions from Washington lobbyists . Sen. Hillary Clinton dismissed criticism that she took money from lobbyists , saying it would not influence her . Over the weekend , Clinton was booed by an audience of liberal bloggers in Chicago when she defended taking money from Washington lobbyists , something both Sen. Barack Obama and former Sen. John Edwards have vowed not to do . "  I do n't think , based on my 35 years fighting for what I believe in , anybody seriously believes I 'm going to be influenced by a lobbyist or a particular interest group , " Clinton said . "  A lot of these lobbyists , whether you like it or not , represent real Americans . They actually do . They represent nurses , they represent social workers -- yes , they represent corporations that employ a lot of people . " The former first lady said that she welcomed the debate on the issue . "  I 've been waiting for this . This gives us a real sense of reality with my being here , " Clinton said , prompting a loud rumble from the audience at a candidates ' forum sponsored by The Daily Kos . Edwards ' response was to ask , "  How many people in this room have a Washington lobbyist working for you ? " "  You are not represented by Washington lobbyists . We need to cut these people off , " he said , to cheers . However , while eschewing contributions from Washington lobbyists , Edwards has accepted about $ 10,000 in contributions from lobbyists in his home state of North Carolina , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The Edwards campaign said there is no inconsistency because his pledge did not extend to lobbyists representing local interests . Monday , the Edwards campaign also said it would return a $ 4,600 donation from the Credit Suisse bank , which is registered to lobby in Washington . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , lobbyists actually provide less campaign cash than political action committees or donors directly affiliated with large corporate interests . "  But they do get a lot of attention because it 's very easy to point at them and say , well , these are the special interests , these are the people who most represent these big moneyed interests that are trying to influence policy , " said Massie Ritsch , a spokesman for the center . And while the grassroots interests of many ordinary Americans are represented by Washington lobbyists , as Clinton noted , some political experts think that could be a hard case for her make . Stu Rothenberg of the Rothenberg Political Report said that while Clinton is making an "  analytical argument " about the way the political system works , Edwards "  is simply getting the emotional advantage of portraying her as somebody who is close to lobbyists and big business and the establishment . " E-mail to a friend	Clinton was booed by an audience of liberal bloggers in Chicago over weekend She reacted by saying $ 400,000 in lobbyist money will not influence her Former Sen. John Edwards used chance to stir support for himself Edwards and Sen. Barack Obama have sworn not to take lobbyists ' money
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's life has been a classic rags-to-riches fairytale , taking her from poverty in provincial Russia to a cosmopolitan life of wealth and aristocracy . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova was discovered in Moscow in a classic rags-to-riches tale . Her intelligence , poise and charm  as well as stunning features and long limbs  , have propelled her from anonymity to being one of the most recognizable and respected models in the fashion industry . Her success has earned her the nickname Supernova . Not content to grace the covers of glossy magazines and the catwalks of the world 's glamorous fashion capitals , Vodianova has also carved a role as a philanthropist . In 2005 she founded the Naked Heart Foundation , a charity that builds playgrounds for children across Russia . "  Giving back just feels so great and I always try to open each play park with myself being present for the children because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia that are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love , " she told CNN . Vodianova was born on February 28 1982 in Nizhni Novgorod , the fourth largest city in Russia . She lived in a poor district of the city with her mother and two sisters , one of whom has cerebral palsy . Watch Natalia Vodianova take CNN on a tour of Moscow " The young Vodianova was regularly taken to the opera and the ballet by her grandparents . They offered some respite from the troubles at home and taught her the importance of manners . When Vodianova was 11 she began to help out on the family 's fruit stall , and at the age of 15 she had moved into her own apartment with her best friend . "  It was a lot of survival and a lot of struggling but overall we were a good team , " Vodianova told CNN . "  We worked really hard , all of us , and stood up for each other . My mum was amazing -- she lived for us . I appreciate what she has done for me and the way she raised me " In 1999 a Parisian model scout held an open casting in Nizhni Novgorod . Vodianova impressed him and he sent her to Paris to sign with Viva Models on the condition that she learn English within three months . Luckily for her she took his advice . A year later Vodianova would find herself settled in Paris and sitting at a dinner party in the Pompidou Center restaurant . It was there she met artistic , English aristocratic playboy the Honorable Justin Portman , third son of the late Viscount Edward Henry Berkeley Portman . See Natalia Vodianova 's life in front of the camera . " The Portman family is one of the wealthiest in Britain , owning over 100 acres of prime land in central London and 3000 acres in Herefordshire , as well as expansive properties in Antigua and Australia . The pair fell in love and after a quick civil wedding Vodianova gave birth to their first child , Lucas , in December 2001 , when she was still only 19 . Vodianova lost a huge amount of weight after the birth and just a few weeks later at the castings for Paris Fashion Week she was the clear favorite among the designers . She opened and closed the prestigious Yves Saint Laurent show , as well as 40 other runway bookings and landed a Gucci perfume campaign , shot by iconic fashion photographer Mario Testino . On September 1 2002 Vodianova and Portman were married again , this time in a ceremony at St Vladimir 's Cathedral in St Petersburg , followed by a lavish reception for 110 guests at the Palace of Catherine the Great . Over the next few years two more children followed . Her daughter Neva was born in March 2006 and another son , Viktor , was born in September 2007 . Vodianova still found time to walk the runway for the world 's great fashion houses , including Chanel , Givenchy , Versace , Balenciaga , Prada , Ralph Lauren , Christian Lacroix , Dolce & Gabbana , Gucci and her good friend Diane Von Furstenberg . She "  officially " retired from the catwalk after Valentino 's emotional final show , during the Spring/Summer 2008 season . Afterwards , Vodianova took Valentino for a well-deserved holiday to her much-loved city of Moscow . "  Moscow is the heart of my country so it gathers the best of what I love about my country - and I can find it all here in this place . I love the people , I love what I find here , I love being here and it 's sad that I do n't actually live here . It would be my dream " Vodianova told CNN . Following a brief return to the catwalk for Diane Von Furstenberg and Balenciaga at the end of 2008 the supermodel is now fronting campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry . At the age of 27 Natalia Vodianova has achieved more than most people could ever dream of . She 's got age on her side , as well as beauty , fame and fortune , and yet she remains admirably grounded . "  The most important things to me are my children , my family and my husband . It 's really about people in general -- I really love people and I try to never say no if someone needs my help . "	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova grew up in a poor neighborhood Her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation , " builds playgrounds in Russia She is married to English aristocrat Justin Portman and has three children Vodianova now fronts campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The future of Manchester United 's on-loan Argentina striker Carlos Tevez is causing quite a stir at the champion English club . Should they sign him ? The future of Carlos Tevez at Manchester United is uncertain . Facing the question of whether to sign Tevez on a permanent basis , Manchester United fans appear to be saying "  yes , " while the player has talked of leaving . The Argentina international , fondly nick-named "  El Apache " by his supporters , is in his second season at Old Trafford , where he has scored 34 goals in 97 appearances . Do you think United should sign Tevez permanently ? Tell us what you think and why in the Sound Off box below . The 25-year-old scored another vital goal for United to help them beat Wigan and all but seal their successful defense of the English Premier League . And though Ferguson remains defiant that Tevez is still his player at present who is to say what will happen in the future . Manchester United fans have certainly let their manager know what they think . Following the Argentine 's goal chants of "  sign him up " were heard from the travelling faithful . Discussion groups have also been set up on the Manchester United page of social networking site Facebook , with the United faithful declaring their support for the striker . Among the comments were : "  We need Tevez . He always influences the game while he is on the pitch . " While another wrote : "  It would truly be a mistake if Fergie lets Tevez go " . Would it be a mistake if Tevez went ? Tell us what you think below .	Carlos Tevez ' loan deal at Manchester United ends at the close of the season Tevez says he has not been offered contract and does not feel ` wanted ' Tevez is a favorite of many United fans who hope to see him signed
CNN  -- Uber , the ride-sharing service , is once again in the spotlight for a PR nightmare of its own making . Stunningly , executive Emil Michael suggested -- in what may have been off-the-record comments -- that the company might not be above threatening journalists who criticize Uber . In the past , Uber supporters have offered excuses for the company 's blunders , saying that its speed of growth creates stress and contributes to mistakes . Uber seems to make many mistakes . Tracking a journalist 's whereabouts with an app called "  God View , " or conflating the Uber on-demand car service with a fictitious on-demand service trolling for women that CEO Travis Kalanick calls "  Boob-er , " are not good ideas . But the story is more important than PR gaffes and immature jokes . Uber is the latest example in a long line of organizations and professional cultures guided by corporate narcissism . Such companies are so consumed with preening and filling their coffers that they lose sight of their customers . When taken to an extreme , corporate narcissism can put customers at risk . They can even be physically hurt and have their lives turned upside down in disastrous ways . Consider the number of people whose lives were shattered in the 2007 mortgage crisis . Led by a notoriously narcissistic company , Countrywide Financial , the rapacious mortgage and banking industry zeroed in on new profits from record numbers of mortgages by giving unqualified borrowers loans . Who cared if folks could n't pay back the money ? When the inevitable housing market crash came , countless lives were left in ruins as the roofs over their heads were taken away . The financial meltdown was so epic that we 're still recovering from it today . Yet , most of the mortgage and banking institutions involved remained standing despite the big mess . Or consider the NFL . Revelations of NFL players who were hardly punished for domestic violence incidents or charges of drug addiction have become almost commonplace . And what about players who suffer brain damage , depression and dementia , as a result of repeated concussions -- a situation long covered up by the NFL ? It seems like the NFL keeps its eye more on league success at the expense of player ethics and safety . Where 's the accountability ? Or consider Target , whose CEO , Gregg Steinhafel , lost his job earlier this year after presiding over many missteps , including a massive credit card data breach that affected millions of customers . If Target had heeded early warnings from its IT department , maybe this could have been prevented . But the company seemed to have lost its focus , and the protection of customers ' privacy did n't garner as much attention . One need look no further than the past few months to see Uber barreling down similarly narcissistic paths . And people are pushing back asking , among other things , if their personal safety is at risk when they get in an Uber car . Can they really trust that this company , with such apparently impulsive and aggressive leadership , will protect them and ensure a positive experience ? What companies need is a culture of consumer accountability . But Uber is going in the opposite direction . None of the 8 Uber "  competencies " that are expected of employees focuses on appealing to customers , much less consumer values like responsibility for passenger safety , privacy , data protection or the right to a rating-free experience after a ride . Uber 's privacy policy is vague and not transparent , which could lead to abuses of customer data security , especially in full-steam-ahead cultures where the message is anything goes if it drives scale . The company has yet to address what it will do with the abundant customer data it collects with every ride . But even in the absence of these protections , a company whose CEO thinks of women as "  Boob-ers " may not be perceived as one that has every consumer 's interest at heart . The company may see this moment of blowback as a speed bump on its way to world dominance -- an inconvenience that can be managed by an expert political campaigner , a PR challenge that can be smoothed over through private dinners with media influencers . In reality , Uber is a company at major risk of losing its lead in the market . The app is easily copied and the service it provides erects no barriers to competitive entry . If Uber changes its approach from narcissism to accountability by focusing on consumer relationships and loyalty , it will have a chance at a bright future .	Uber recently was in the spotlight again for a PR nightmare of its own making Martha Pease : Uber is the latest company to be guided by corporate narcissism She says such companies lose sight of their customers ; at times consumers can be put at risk Pease : If Uber does n't change its narcissistic way , it will lose its lead in the market
Mashable  -- Along with hearing the announcement about the Verizon iPhone Tuesday , we 've learned that Apple 's iPad -- which has been marketed by Verizon for some time -- will now actually be able to connect directly to the Verizon network . We realize that connecting the device to the network sounds like a no-brainer . However , for the past few months , folks with Verizon iPads have had to buy separate external Verizon MiFi devices in order to connect when Wi-Fi was n't available . Now , as Apple 's exclusivity with AT&T comes to a close , the iPad will be able to connect directly to Verizon 's 3G -- and who knows , perhaps even its 4G LTE -- network . The latter would bring it to parity with Motorola 's Xoom , a new Android-powered tablet recently announced at CES . iPads with embedded Verizon chips will be coming soon ; however , an exact release date has n't yet been set . The iPad first came to Verizon in October 2010 . Although connecting to the network when Wi-Fi was n't present did require a bundled MiFi , costs were comparable and data plans were better than what AT&T customers were getting .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple 's iPad will now be able to connect directly to Verizon network No release date set for iPads with embedded Verizon chips iPad first came to Verizon in October 2010
The U.S. Treasury imposed sanctions Tuesday on leaders of the jihadist al-Nusra Front in Syria , hours after the State Department moved to blacklist the rebel group as a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . The Treasury also sanctioned two armed militia groups that operate under the control of the Syrian government , Jaysh al-Sha ` bi and Shabiha , it said . Syrian opposition groups have voiced their opposition to the U.S. move against the rebel fighters , suggesting that they are being targeted because they oppose a new anti-government coalition . The move came the same day President Barack Obama recognized the leading Syrian opposition coalition as the legitimate representative of the country 's people . "  We 've made a decision that the Syrian Opposition Coalition is now inclusive enough , is reflective and representative enough of the Syrian population that we consider them the legitimate representative of the Syrian people in opposition to the Assad regime , " he told ABC 's Barbara Walters . In recent months , the radical Islamist al-Nusra Front has emerged as one of the most effective groups in the Syrian resistance , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . Read more : New head of Syrian opposition briefs European foreign ministers But Washington accuses the group of using the Syrian conflict to advance its own ideology and ends . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland confirmed Tuesday that the al-Nusra Front had been added to the list of aliases for al Qaeda in Iraq , already designated a foreign terrorist organization . She said the group had claimed nearly 600 attacks in several cities in the past year , including suicide bombings , and was responsible for the deaths of "  numerous innocent Syrians . " Al-Nusra "  has sought to portray itself as part of the legitimate Syrian opposition while it is , in fact , an attempt by AQI to hijack the struggles of the Syrian people for its own malign purposes , " she said . The designation makes it illegal for any U.S. citizen to give "  material support or resources , " including money , training or weapons , to al-Nusra fighters . Read more : Syrian rebels move toward unified command The Treasury 's financial sanctions also target two senior al-Nusra leaders , named as Maysar Ali Musa Abdallah al-Juburi and Anas Hasan Khattab . The measure means that any assets they may hold in the United States are blocked and that U.S. citizens are barred from doing business with them . The Treasury sanctions against pro-government groups target two Shabiha commanders , named as Ayman Jaber and Mohammad Jaber , along with the two militia groups . Its statement said the Shabiha have "  operated as a direct action arm of the government of Syria and its security services , " working alongside its intelligence services , and have been "  complicit in the commission of human rights abuses in Syria , including those related to repression . " "  Since the beginning of the unrest , the Shabiha have fired into crowds of peaceful Syrian demonstrators , shot and killed Syrian demonstrators , arbitrarily detained Syrian civilians , and shot Syrian soldiers who refused to fire on peaceful demonstrators , " it said . The Jaysh al-Sha ` bi militia has "  conducted unilateral and joint operations with Syrian military and security elements against the Syrian opposition " that have led to the deaths of opposition members , the statement said . It accuses Iran of training , funding and arming the Jaysh al-Sha ` bi militia . Washington 's move comes a day ahead of a Friends of Syria meeting scheduled in Morocco . The goal of the designation is to isolate extremist groups in Syria while giving a boost to the new political opposition group unveiled last month in Doha , Qatar , U.S. officials said last week . Al-Nusra and several other groups last month announced their opposition to the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , a new anti-government coalition . U.S. officials estimate al-Nusra members represent about 9 % of rebel forces in Syria . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group , said fighters from the al-Nusra Front were among rebel forces who it says have seized control of a government military base in the Sheikh Sleiman area of western Reef Aleppo . But their designation as a foreign terrorist group is n't being made on the grounds of past or possible future actions , according to the Observatory 's Rami Abdelrahman . "  The United States decided to single out the Nusra Front because of their recent rejection to the political opposition front and  because  they have a different approach to post-Assad 's Syria , " he said . Read more : Syrian National Council picks new president Syrian Minister of Information Omran al-Zoubi told Lebanese al-Manar TV on Monday that Damascus understood why Washington wanted to blacklist the al-Nusra Front . "  When the U.S. places Jabhat al-Nusra on the international terrorist organizations list , that is because it realizes the nature of these groups which are fighting the Syrian armed forces , " he said . Read more : In Syria , marriage as defiance Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has characterized the nearly 21 months of violence that have ravaged his country as a fight against terrorism . But the Syrian National Council , a largely expatriate opposition group , on Sunday voiced its "  full rejection of any accusation of extremism and terrorism to any of the forces that are fighting the Syrian regime . " Any accusations made against factions within the Free Syrian Army , which brings together disparate groups , were intended to cause division within its ranks and between its forces and the Syrian people , it said . "  Terrorism is a characteristic that can only be attributed to the Syrian regime , " it said . The commander of the Falcons of the Levant Brigade , a rebel group , criticized the U.S. move in a statement , saying the international community "  should have designated Bashar al-Assad , his army and his criminal thugs on that list first and last for what they are committing against our people . " The group said it would "  refuse to be dragged into these Western accusations against any group " and would continue to back al-Nusra and any other faction fighting government forces . U.S. officials have previously said the jihadist al-Nusra Front has not affiliated itself publicly with al Qaeda in an apparent effort to appear more mainstream . The group has claimed responsibility for complex attacks in Damascus and Aleppo , frequently involving suicide bombers . At least 165 people were killed Tuesday across the country , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported an attack in the village of Aqrab , in Hama province . More than 125 people were either killed or injured , the vast majority of which belong to the Alawite minority , it said . Al-Assad hails from the same group . A local activist in Aqrab told CNN the village has been under heavy shelling for about a week . The shelling intensified Tuesday , forcing families to flee , said Hekam Abu Rayan . He described bodies still trapped under the rubble . The Hama Revolutionary Command Council , an activist group affiliated with the Free Syrian Army , similarly reported deaths in Aqrab . It accused a pro-government militia of using women and children as "  human shields , " holding them in a building surrounded by rebel fighters . When rebels sent in people to negotiate with the militia , they were taken hostage and later killed , the council said . Women and children attempting to escape were also killed , it said . Syrian state news , citing a military source , denied any attack in Aqrab . CNN is unable to confirm casualty reports as the government has severely restricted access by international journalists . The meeting in Morocco this week follows a renewed international push for a diplomatic solution to the crisis in Syria , amid concerns about the potential use of chemical weapons . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told reporters Tuesday , however , that intelligence about new attempts by Syrian government forces to move chemical weapons "  has really kind of leveled off . " U.S. officials said last week that they had seen intelligence suggesting that Syrian military units might be preparing chemical weapons for use , prompting strong warnings from international figures . "  We have n't seen anything new indicating any aggressive steps to move forward in that way , " Panetta said . "  But we continue to monitor it very closely , and we continue to make clear to them that they should not under any means make use of these chemical weapons against their own population . That would produce serious consequences . " Panetta said he would like to believe that al-Assad has gotten the message : "  We 've made it pretty clear and others have as well . " But , he added , "  You know it 's also clear that the opposition continues to make gains in Syria , and our concern is that if they feel like the regime is threatened with collapse that they might resort to these kinds of weapons . " President Obama has said that any use of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line , " eliciting a swift U.S. reaction . Syrian state-run media said Monday that the United States has falsely accused Syria of considering the use of chemical weapons .	President Barack Obama recognizes a Syrian opposition coalition Syrian state news reports no attack in Aqrab , a village in Hama The United States designates the al-Nusra Front as a foreign terrorist organization The U.S. Treasury also imposes sanctions on two pro-government militia groups
CNN  -- Golf legend Tom Watson says Tiger Woods needs to "  clean up his act " and show some humility in public when he returns to the circuit after sorting out his tangled personal life . World number one Woods is taking an "  indefinite break " from the circuit after a car crash outside his Florida home on November 27 led to revelations about a string of extramarital affairs . Elder statesman Watson , who came close to winning last year 's British Open at Turrnberry , aired candid views on Woods as he prepared to tee up in this week 's Dubai Desert Classic . "  Tiger has to take ownership of what he has done , " said the 60-year-old . "  He must get his personal life in order . I think that 's what he 's trying to do . And when he comes back he has to show some humility to the public , " he added . "  I would come out and I would do an interview with somebody and say , ` You know what ? I screwed up . And I admit it . I am going to try to change . I am trying to change . I want my wife and family back . " Watson , who dueled with fellow legend Jack Nicklaus at the peak of his career , also criticized Woods for his behavior on the course , upbraiding him for bad language and angry outbursts . "  I feel that he has not carried the same stature that other great players that have come along like Jack  Nicklaus  , Arnold  Palmer  , Byron Nelson , the Hogans , in the sense that there was language and club throwing on the golf course , " Watson went on : "  I think he needs to clean up his act and show the respect for the game that other people before him have shown . " Woods , who has not made a public appearance since the media storm which engulfed him at the end of 2009 , has lost a string of endorsements since he admitted to "  transgressions " in his personal life . The 14-time major winner has also been a regular at the prestigious tournament in Dubai , which completes the "  Gulf swing " on the European Tour . In his absence , Watson is the star attraction after his heroics at Turnberry which saw him beaten in a playoff by fellow American Stewart Cink . Watson , who has already won the Seniors Tour this year , has played down his chances of victory but has been impressed by the condition of the Emirates course . "  The rough is very tough , " he said . "  It is very tough to get the ball on the green from the rough . You have probably only got a one-in-seven or one-in-eight chance to get the green if you drive into the rough . " Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy defends the title where he made his big breakthrough last year , with European number one Lee Westwood and Sweden 's Henrik Stenson also among the favorites for the $ 416,000 first prize .	Golf legend Tom Watson says Tiger Woods needs to clean up his act Watson compares Woods unfavorably with other greats such as Jack Nicklaus Watson is making a guest appearance at this week 's Dubai Desert Classic Rory McIlroy defends his title which boasts a first prize of $ 416,000
CNN  -- When discussing his favorite images from the "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " traveling photography exhibit , National Museum of Wildlife Art president James McNutt , who curated the exhibit , starts with the oldest : William Henry Jackson 's "  Mountain of the Holy Cross . " Taken in Colorado on August 24 , 1873 , the photograph would become as legendary as the mountain itself -- not for the effort it took to get the picture , but for what it signified to a country healing from the Civil War and pushing ever westward . Hauling hundreds of pounds of photo equipment up to a vantage point on an opposite ridge to capture snow-filled crevasses that created a perfect vertical cross on the mountain face , Jackson produced an image that , according to McNutt 's introduction in the exhibit 's companion book , came to symbolize "  the union of America , Nature and God that fulfilled a romantic destiny . " Jackson 's famous shot became one of the country 's favorite photographs of the 19th century and effectively introduced photography in the West . It 's just one of the thousands McNutt and his curatorial team of Rich Clarkson , Adam Harris and Kate Brainerd considered from the National Geographic archives when putting together a landmark exhibition that 's currently on display at select museums around the country  see below  . The final cut -- winnowed to 185 images for the show and 75 for the award-winning book -- shows the West 's myriad faces thematically grouped into Legends , Encounters , Boundaries and Visions , corralling into categories an epic visual record of almost a century and a half of exploration of the American West with the camera . There are cowboys and debutantes , Northern spotted owls and bison , cityscapes and pueblos , mesas and dams , gathering storms and controlled burns . From early documentary efforts like Edward S. Curtis ' celebrated North American Indian portraits to David Alan Harvey 's contemporary impressions of modern Native life , from the pristine glories of awe-inspiring landscapes to the gritty exploitation of the region 's resource wealth , McNutt 's opus is both a loving gaze at the magnificence that attracts so many to the West , and an unblinking eye on the pressing challenges of keeping the romance alive . "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " 2013 exhibition dates Booth Western Art Museum , Cartersville , Ga. ; through March 10 Buffalo Bill Historical Center , Cody , Wyo. ; through August 11 National Museum of Wildlife Art , Jackson Hole , Wyo. ; through August 11 Rockwell Museum of Western Art , Corning , N.Y. ; through September 15 At the end of summer , the exhibition begins traveling again . For more information visit www.photographsofthewest.org . To see the exhibition online visit www.photographsofhewest.org/exhibit . All "  Greatest Photographs of the American West " images above used courtesy of the National Geographic Society .	From National Geographic archives , "  American West " photo exhibit is on display around the United States Exhibit includes 185 photos from 1800s to present Stunning collection is curated by James McNutt of the National Museum of Wildlife Art Award-winning companion book includes 75 images
Francesco Schettino , captain of the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship , took the stand for the first time Tuesday , combative and contradicting the testimony of not just his first captain but also what he has said in the past about the deadly shipwreck . Schettino -- who is charged with manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board -- denies wrongdoing . He faces up to 23 years in prison if convicted . He remained defiant even while painting a picture of confusion on board the ship as the disaster unfolded , pointing the finger at others for the chaotic evacuation of the ship 's passengers . Five of the captain 's co-workers have already entered guilty pleas in the case , including officers who were on the ship . These pleas may work against Schettino as he answers questions with regard to the co-workers ' testimony before the court in Grosseto . When shown the deposition given by his first captain , Ciro Ambrosio , who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in exchange for a lighter sentence , Schettino was argumentative and gesticulated wildly . What Ambrosio told the court in his testimony is similar to the version of events Schettino has given in past TV interviews , but the captain contradicted that version in his testimony Tuesday . Schettino 's attorneys argued that what the captain has previously said on Italian TV can not be used as evidence in court . The disputed testimony deals with such details as radar readings , who was on the bridge at the time of the accident and where those people were positioned . Speaking to CNN during a court break , Schettino said he was confident about how his trial was progressing . "  It is exhausting , but I think it is going well , " Schettino said of Tuesday 's hearing . "  It is important because this is the only chance I have to tell my version of events . " Asked if he thought the court was sympathetic to him , he said , "  This is the first time I have had a chance to officially address the court personally so this should be the first time they should be judging me . I am confident . " His testimony is expected to continue Wednesday and probably one day next week . The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea on January 12 , 2012 . No one died on impact , but 32 lives were lost during the subsequent chaotic evacuation of some 4,200 people on board the ship . Chaos on the bridge Schettino was sworn in under a giant sign reading , "  The law is equal for everyone , " in a makeshift courtroom in Grosetto 's red velvet Teatro Moderno . As assistant prosecutor Alessandro Leopizzi questioned Schettino , the captain described a scene of utter chaos on the bridge both before and after the accident . At one point he explained how it was common to invite passengers and guests on the bridge , and said they often tipped him . "  I said there could n't be more than 12 people at a time , " he said . "  And they would bring 20 , 30 , 70 euro a tour . " He acknowledged frequently conducting flyby activities -- deviating from the planned route to go closer to certain places -- with his cruise ship . "  It was favorable from a commercial aspect , " he said . When the prosecutor asked if he had ever done a flyby past Giglio before , he said he could n't remember but might have passed close by . ` Not trying to blame anyone ' Schettino also explained why he chose Giglio on this occasion , telling the court that he thought retired Costa Capt. Mario Palombo was on the island . When the prosecutor asked Schettino why he called Palombo and then why he asked Palombo how deep the coastal waters were , he said he was just making conversation . Schettino recounted how he gave the orders to the helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin of Indonesia , to go off course after using his binoculars to look ahead . When asked if his helmsman caused the accident , he said : "  I 'm not trying to blame anyone . I 'm just trying to explain the circumstances . " The captain has suggested Rusli Bin did not speak English or Italian well enough to understand his orders -- although audiotape played in court Tuesday appeared to contradict that . Pushed as to why he used his binoculars instead of relying on the radar , Schettino said , "  It was my habit to take my binoculars and look first . Not that I did n't trust the radar , but it was how I did it . " He was confident that the ship had enough room for the maneuver , he said . In an audiotape played over the radar from the bridge extracted from the ship 's data recorder , Schettino told his helmsman to turn , "  otherwise we go on the rocks . " Asked why he made that comment , he said he was being ironic . "  A few minutes later , I was told the danger we were in . " Alarm bells Schettino appeared visibly shaken , putting his head in his hands , shortly after radar and audio recordings of the moment of impact were played in court . Bells and alarms rang , and then the recording went offline . The prosecutor asked Schettino about his last words captured on tape . "  But where did we touch ? " the captain asked , to which someone said , "  Oh my dear God . " Schettino also will be cross-examined by a number of civil parties at the court . They include the attorney for a Moldovan dancer who dined with the captain and was with him on the command bridge at the time of the shipwreck . ` Ready to defend his honor ' Before the hearing began , Schettino 's attorney , Domenico Pepe , told CNN his client was ready to tell the truth . "  We have waited a long time to set the record straight , " he said . "  He is ready to defend his honor . " Schettino has repeatedly presented a defiant face over the shipwreck . He has pointed the finger at the Costa cruise company for not providing maps with the rocks he hit appropriately marked . Schettino has also blamed the ship , saying generators did not work so the elevators did not function , which hindered some people 's escape .	Francesco Schettino paints scene of chaos on the bridge at the time of the wreck Schettino : "  This is the only chance I have to tell my version of events " Ship 's captain , on the stand for the first time , denies charges of multiple manslaughter Thirty-two people died after the Costa Concordia hit rocks and capsized off Italy 's coast
TAIPEI , Taiwan  CNN  -- Former Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian was convicted Friday on corruption and money laundering charges , and was sentenced to life in prison , according to officials at Taipei City Court . Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian walks inside the Taipei Detention Centre in Tucheng on Friday . He was fined 200 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 6.1 million  as well . Chen 's wife , Wu Shu-chen , who earlier had been convicted of lying to prosecutors , also was convicted on similar charges . She received a life sentence and was fined 300 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 9.1 million  , according to the Central News Agency , Taiwan 's official news agency . The former president was not at the courthouse when the verdict was read . He had asked to be excused and was being held at a detention center . Supporters of Chen gathered outside the courthouse hours before the verdict , wearing bright-green shirts , and carrying yellow balloons and banners . Riot police stood by in case the crowd got out of control as they protested the verdict . The former president 's corruption trial began in March . It is the first for a former head of state , and has gripped the island for months . He has denied wrongdoing and has said the charges are politically motivated . Prosecutors say Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 17.7 million  , took bribes , laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president 's office . Chen has countered that the bribe money was actually political donations . He has also said that a special presidential fund from which he is accused of embezzling does not clearly say what the money can and can not be used for . Ahead of Friday 's verdict , the island 's former first lady was sentenced to a year in prison for lying in her husband 's corruption case . Wu was convicted on charges that she helped her son , daughter and son-in-law provide false testimony . Prosecutors said the former first couple 's son has a Swiss bank account with $ 22 million they think are illegal proceeds . The challenge for prosecutors was to prove that Chen handed out political favors in exchange for money . The former president said he was being persecuted politically by his successor . Chen 's party favors independence for Taiwan . His successor , President Ma Ying-jeou , favors closer ties with mainland China . Journalist Yin Chen contributed to this report .	Riot police stand by , as Chen supporters gather outside courthouse Prosecutors : Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 17.7 million Former first lady Wu Shu-chen receives same sentence Wu Shu-chen was also convicted last week of lying to prosecutors
CNN  -- Rebels in the Central African Republic -- who took over numerous towns and threatened to overrun the capital -- will be part of a unity government under that nation 's embattled president , a government spokesman said Friday . The apparent deal would appear to end violence that began last month , when the Seleka rebel coalition launched an offensive as they demanded President Francois Bozize step down after accusing him of reneging on a peace deal . As the insurgency advanced in the nation 's north and neared the capital of Bangui , Bozize urged the international community , including the United States and France , to help fend off the rebellion . He also engaged in peace negotiations , including those this week involving the Seleka and opposition party leaders in Gabon 's capital , Libreville . These talks ended Friday with an agreement to form a "  government of national unity " headed by Bozize , said Jules Gauthier Ngbapo , a spokesman for the Central African Republic 's decentralization and territorial administration ministry . "  Seleka rebels and ... opposition  party  leaders agreed to select the prime minister , " said Ngbapo , who added that there will be new legislative elections in a year . Bozize , the soon-to-be named prime minister and Cabinet members can not run in the next election , said Margaret Vogt , a special representative of the U.N. secretary-general . The rebels want 400 South African troops deployed to the Central African Republic to "  withdraw progressively , " Ngbapo said . South African President Jacob Zuma announced Sunday that his nation 's troops would "  assist with capacity building " of the Central African Republic 's military , which was then fighting a still vibrant insurgency . The new government and the other changes were expected imminently . A cease-fire -- expanding on one that Ngbapo , earlier Friday , said would be in effect for a week -- goes into effect "  within 72 hours " of the parties signing the deal , said Vogt . "  We are hopeful that the agreements that have been signed today in Libreville will contain the immediate flare-up and will calm the situation ... and enable us to recalibrate the disarmament process , " Vogt said from New York , where the United Nations is based . At the same time , the U.N. official warned the lack of introspection -- and corrective action -- regarding why past agreements were n't fully implemented "  may lead to another meltdown a few years down the line . " This sentiment was echoed by the office of European Union foreign affairs representative Catherine Ashton . "  Such an agreement is the first step out of the crisis , " Ashton 's office said . "  To be sustainable , the normalization and stabilization of the country in the longer term requires the underlying causes of the outbreak of recurrent conflicts in the Central African Republic to be addressed in a consensual way by all stakeholders . " The deal comes after fits and starts in the peace process in recent weeks , which were marked by fighting interspersed by indications both sides were open to dialogue . For instance , Ngbapo said rebel fighters attacked two towns last Saturday -- a few days before their leaders were set to join Bozize , as well as the presidents of Gabon , Chad , Equatorial Guinea , Guinea and the Republic of Congo , in Libreville . CNN was unable to confirm government claims about the occupation of the towns . As the government scrambled to put down the rebellion , UNICEF representative Souleymane Diabate said "  reliable sources " had told his U.N. agency "  that children are newly being recruited " by rebel groups and pro-government militias . Armed groups were forcing people younger than 18 to fight , carry supplies and serve as sex slaves , the agency said last Friday . About 300,000 children have been affected by the rebellion , including family separation , sexual violence , displacement and lack of access to education and health facilities , the agency said . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Central African Republic rebels launched an offensive last month , upset at their president They had overtaken several towns in the nation 's north and threatened the capital , Bangui Under the peace agreement , the rebels and opposition party leaders will pick a prime minister EU and U.N. officials laud deal , but say sides must address other issues for a lasting peace
CNN  -- I wish the titans of Wall Street could meet Mark Dalton . Not that it would be likely to change anything . But I wish the leaders of Goldman Sachs and of the other big banking firms could talk to Mark Dalton for just a few minutes . They might learn a few things about how to better connect with the American people . I did n't know Dalton 's last name until a few days ago . For almost two years , I 've held onto something he mailed to me . There was no reason not to throw it out , yet I had a feeling that someday I 'd want to refer to it . That day is now . With the public 's wariness of Wall Street growing , with Goldman Sachs being accused of fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission  even as Goldman was announcing first-quarter profits of $ 3.46 billion , nearly twice as much as in the first quarter a year ago  , with investors wondering if they 're being given a fair shake by the firms to which they have entrusted their money , Mark Dalton 's way of doing business might be worthy of at least a moment 's attention . I came across him quite by chance . I occasionally purchase used books -- titles that have gone out of print . Sometimes I will place my orders through Amazon.com , which offers an online marketplace for local used-book merchants around the country . In 2008 , I found a book I was looking for on that Amazon marketplace , and submitted an order . The price was more than reasonable : $ 6.95 for the used hardcover . Used books are not shipped by Amazon itself , but by the local booksellers . A week or so after I placed the order , the package arrived , from High View Books in Smithfield , Rhode Island . The book seemed to be in good shape . I was pleased . But with it was a personal letter to me . It said : "  Thank your for your recent book order . I have enclosed a check to you for $ 2.95 . The reason for this is that this book is only in ` Very Good ' condition , while I mistakenly described it as being in ` Near Fine ' condition in my listing . Please accept my apologies for the error .  Also , please note , the soiling that you see on the dust jacket is actually on the Mylar and not the dust jacket itself .  " He wrote that he hoped his apology and the refund were satisfactory . Sure enough , tucked into the book was a check made out to me , for $ 2.95 . I was surprised by the gesture . Yes , in his online listing for the book he had said it was in "  Near Fine " condition , but who really knows what those designations mean ? You see them all the time describing used books : "  Fair , " "  Good , " "  Very Good , " "  Near Fine , " "  Fine " -- they would seem to be approximations . I had no complaints about the condition of the book I had bought from him . If I had paid $ 6.95 , and he had refunded $ 2.95 , and Amazon had taken its commission , how was he supposed to make a living ? I mailed his check back to him , thanking him for it and telling him how impressed I was with the way he did business . I told him I could not accept the refund . And for some reason , I could n't toss the letter . It made me feel hopeful about certain things . With Wall Street losing people 's confidence in recent days over the way it is alleged to treat its customers ' money , I got the letter out again . He had just signed it "  Mark at High View Books " ; I was able to find him in Smithfield , which is how I found out that he was Mark Dalton . He seemed as surprised to be hearing from me as I was when I had gotten his refund check . He 's 42 years old ; High View Drive is the street on which he lives , and his used books -- about 4,000 of them at last count -- are kept in his garage . Business , he said , is not so good . "  I 'm pretty small-time , " he said . "  When I first started doing this about three years ago , I was selling 15 or 20 books a day . But now , that 's down to 15 or 20 books every few days . " He said that his wife is a schoolteacher ; without her salary , he could n't make it . He said he tries to run his business professionally and in good faith , but is finding that the results "  are pretty pathetic , dollar-wise . " I asked him the question that had been in the back of my mind since I first heard from him : As he was struggling to make a living , why , exactly , on my $ 6.95 order , had he decided to send me that refund check for $ 2.95 ? He could n't have been making much of a profit on the order in the first place . "  I just try to do things right , " he said . "  When I went to mail that book to you , I must have noticed that it was n't in as good a condition as I had promised on my Amazon listing . I want my customers to be happy and to believe I 'm being fair with them . " Such a simple proposition . Yet with the financial news we 've become conditioned to reading about ... . I asked Dalton if he had been following the recent reports from Wall Street . He said he had . "  I suppose if you 're in charge of a multi-billion dollar bank -- billions in profits , millions in bonuses -- maybe you can lose sight of where you came from , " he said . As for his own business : "  I know I 'm doing it right in how I treat my customers , and that gives me peace of mind , but it 's not generating the results I had hoped . " He said he is considering looking for some other kind of work . I thanked him again for that letter he had sent to me two years ago , and he thanked me again for remembering . By his own admission , as a businessman he lacks the killer instinct , the appetite for working the angles ; he would undoubtedly be an abject failure on Wall Street . If only it were n't so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Wall Street is being accused of shady business practices Greene : Book dealer demonstrates how a business can care for customers Greene says the dealer sent an unsolicited refund when there was really no need to do so Book dealer says he wants customers to be happy and to believe he 's fair
CNN  -- Richard Sherman made several things very evident last Sunday night : He 's confident . Brash . Competitive . A "  dogged mentality " helps , too , when it comes to lining up against the other guy . That other guy in the NFC Championship Game was Michael Crabtree , the object of the cornerback 's rant after the Seattle Seahawks earned their way to the Super Bowl by beating the San Francisco 49ers . "  Do n't you open your mouth about the best , " Sherman barked on national TV , "  or I 'm going to shut it for you real quick . " In the days since the outburst stirred controversy , Sherman has become something akin to the upcoming Super Bowl 's unofficial provocateur-in-chief . But in an in-depth interview with CNN 's Rachel Nichols -- which aired Friday night -- Sherman expressed some regret about the rant while showing a far more gentler side when he 's off the field . "  I 've always been a square , a nerd . Kind of odd , kind of awkward , " he said . "  I still am to this day . People just think I 'm a lot cooler 'cause I play football . " Sherman said he likes the History Channel and "  Animal Planet " on TV . The Stanford University grad lauded his parents , saying they set an example of going to work every day and not complaining . With his can-do attitude and philosophy "  you got ta be who you are , " it 's fitting that one of his heroes is one of sport 's most outspoken athletes -- Muhammad Ali . Like Ali in his day , Sherman may now be the biggest newsmaker in sports following the Seahawks ' playoff victory . When he was about 7 or 8 years old , Sherman saw Ali for the first time on the screen . Ali struck him as "  so much different than everybody else in the world , " Sherman said . "  It was one of his interviews , " Sherman said . "  And he was just so clever , so well-spoken , so articulate -- so off-the-cuff . "  He kind of went against the grain . ... and that takes a lot of courage to go against the grain , to say what you really want to say . " Cornerback stunned by rant reaction As the Seahawks and Denver Broncos prepare for the Super Bowl on February 2 , Sherman took a break from practice to speak with Nichols . He spoke of defying all odds by growing up in a Los Angeles neighborhood -- Compton -- where violence is documented in rap songs , and working in school so hard and successfully that he later attended and played football at Stanford . 5 things you should know about Richard Sherman "  How almost oxymoronic does it sound that a kid from Compton is going to Stanford ? " Sherman said . "  I was just trying to show 'em anything 's possible . " Sherman has been publicly excoriated , particularly on social media , for his postgame comments . He told Nichols he probably should not have attacked Crabtree . "  And that was immature and I probably should n't have done that . I regret doing that . " Still , he was shocked by some of the racists responses he received . "  It was really mind-boggling the way the world reacted , " Sherman told Nichols . The NFL All-Pro defensive back told Nichols he still feels the sting of not going in the 2011 NFL draft until the fifth round -- the 24th cornerback chosen . "  You do n't know what to expect . You do n't know if your phone 's supposed to ring or if somebody 's supposed to text ... " he said . "  When your phone just does n't ring , does n't have any activity , it 's really disheartening . " In the days since his rant , the phone is ringing for Sherman . His agent said the incident has ended up being more positive than negative for Sherman 's image . "  I think that he 's more likeable , " said Jamie Fritz . Fritz told CNNMoney that interest in his client for endorsements has boomed since the remarks . "  We have some new  corporate  players who have come to the table who are starting the conversation , " Fritz said . Sherman told CNN he is concentrating on moving forward , preparing for Denver superstar quarterback Peyton Manning . For now , he has one objective . "  On the football field , you 're still going out to there to win . And if you 're not going out there to win , what are you going out there for ? " CNN 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Richard Sherman talks with CNN about his NFL career , growing up "  I 've always been a square , a nerd , " athlete says He pays tribute to his parents , talks of his neighborhood Agent says his image is now more positive than negative
CNN  -- Prosecutors will not seek the death penalty against Justin Ross Harris , who is accused of killing his toddler son by leaving him in a hot car for hours , Cobb County , Georgia , District Attorney Vic Reynolds said Wednesday . "  After reviewing Georgia 's death penalty statute and considering other factors , the state will not seek the death penalty in this case at this time . I can not and will not elaborate at this juncture of the case , " Reynolds said in a written statement . Harris , who was scheduled to appear in court on Thursday , also had his arraignment postponed until October 17 because of a scheduling conflict with the defense , the statement said . Earlier this month , the Georgia father was indicted by a grand jury on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder , in the June death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . "  We 're pleased with the pace and thoroughness of this investigation , which continues on today , " Reynolds said at the time . "  The evidence in this case has led us to this point today . Whether it leads us to anyone else remains to be answered . " He declined to take questions or comment further , saying , "  This case will be tried in a court of law , " and not in the media . The lawyer for Harris ' wife , Lawrence Zimmerman , said Leanna Harris is "  thrilled " by the prosecutor 's decision . "  He ensured us that he would only make a decision based on the evidence , not based on public opinion , " Zimmerman said in a statement to reporters Wednesday . "  While we are relieved with his decision , it was a calculated one . " The decision suggests that "  Reynolds does not agree with the police department 's first public statements that this was a case that would shock everyone 's conscious , " Zimmerman said . "  As far as my client is concerned , she has known from the beginning and she is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision not to seek the death penalty because it affirms what we 've been saying all along , " he said . "  This was just a tragic accident . When the truth comes out , justice will prevail for Ross . " Lawyer : Leanna Harris passed polygraph test The other five charges Harris faces are : first-degree cruelty to children , second-degree cruelty to children , criminal attempt to commit a felony  sexual exploitation of a minor  and two counts of dissemination of harmful material to minors . The criminal attempt to commit a felony and dissemination of harmful materials charges are not related directly to Cooper 's death . They involve allegations that Harris requested a nude photo of a minor 's genitalia and sent the same minor descriptions of "  sexual excitement and sexual conduct , " according to the indictment . A Cobb County detective testified at an earlier probable cause hearing that while Cooper was in the car at his father 's workplace , Harris was sexting with numerous women and sent one of them , who was underage , a photo of his erect penis . Harris ' attorney , H. Maddox Kilgore , called the charges excessive , describing them as a part of the "  state 's maze of theories . " "  It was always an accident . When the time comes , and we 've worked through the state 's maze of theories at trial , it 's still going to be a terrible , gut-wrenching accident . And all the eccentricities and moral failings of Ross ' life is n't going to change that , " he told reporters . Father apparently wrote ` I 'm harmless ' on Skout profile According to the indictment , the grand jury found that Harris "  did unlawfully , and with malice aforethought , cause the death of Cooper Harris ... by placing said Cooper Harris into a child car seat and leaving him alone in a hot motor vehicle . " Authorities have painted Harris as a terrible father who , after admittedly looking up online how hot a car needed to be to kill a child , purposely strapped his son into his sweltering SUV to die . His motivation ? The prosecutor has characterized Harris as an unfaithful husband who wanted a childless life . Kilgore has argued his client tragically forgot his child in the car . Friends describe Harris as a doting dad , not a malicious one , who loved to show off his blond , bright-eyed boy and talked about him incessantly . Harris left Cooper in a rear-facing car seat in the back of his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on June 18 while he spent the day at work as a Web developer for Atlanta-based Home Depot . He normally dropped the boy off at day care . The temperature topped 92 that day -- which can make the heat inside a closed vehicle soar past 100 degrees quickly -- and police testified during Harris ' probable cause hearing that Cooper spent at least seven hours in the car . Police : Father was ` sexting ' as son was dying in hot car CNN 's Alan Duke and Devon M. Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : Harris ' wife "  is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision , " her lawyer says Prosecutor : State will not seek the death penalty against Justin Ross Harris in hot car death Harris ' attorney previously called charges excessive , part of prosecution 's "  maze of theories " Harris was indicted on 8 counts in his son 's death , including felony and malice murder
CNN  -- Recovery efforts on Alaska 's Mount McKinley were suspended Sunday because of environmental hazards following an avalanche thought to have killed four Japanese climbers , the National Park Service said . The avalanche on the western side of the mountain , America 's highest peak , was first thought to have occurred on Thursday , the parks service said Sunday . However , rangers later confirmed with climber Hitoshi Ogi , who survived the avalanche , and with teams on the mountain that the slide occurred early Wednesday . The section where the avalanche took place is roughly 11,800 feet above sea level , park spokeswoman Maureen McLaughlin said Saturday . The five were traveling on McKinley 's West Buttress as one rope team , although the rope broke during the incident , officials said . One climber , Ogi , survived the incident after he was swept into a mountain crevasse and was able to climb out , sustaining a minor hand injury , officials said . Ogi , 69 , was unable to locate his fellow climbers and descended solo to the Kahiltna Basecamp , where he reported the event , according to the park service . An aerial search took place Thursday , and an initial four-member ground search took place Friday , the park service said . On Saturday , a 10-person crew including rangers , volunteer patrol members , a dog handler and a rescue dog investigated the debris zone left by the avalanche . "  During the search , NPS mountaineering ranger Tucker Chenoweth descended into the same crevasse that the survivor Hitoshi Ogi had fallen into during the avalanche , " the parks service said . "  While probing through the debris roughly 30 meters below the glacier surface , Chenoweth found a broken rope " matching the Japanese team 's rope . He attempted to dig further "  but encountered heavily compacted ice and snow debris , " officials said . "  Due to the danger of ice fall within the crevasse , it was decided to permanently suspend the recovery efforts . " Male climbers Yoshiaki Kato , 64 , and Tamao Suzuki , 63 , and female climbers Masako Suda , 50 , and Michiko Suzuki , 56 , of the Miyagi Workers Alpine Federation expedition are all presumed to have died in the avalanche , the park service said . The climbers , on their registration forms , indicated their experience included climbing peaks in Africa and Asia , but not McKinley , McLaughlin said . Four die on Mount Everest Named after William McKinley , the 25th president of the United States , the mountain 's summit reaches an elevation of 20,320 feet above sea level . The mountain is also known as Denali , an indigenous name meaning "  the high one . " The debris path was about 800 feet long and 200 feet wide , officials said . It was in an area where avalanches are known to occur , but not of this magnitude . There have been six climbing fatalities on Mount McKinley this season , the parks service said . The four Japanese fatalities were the first to occur on the West Buttress route . In May , a climber died after falling more than 1,000 feet down McKinley 's north face . The climber apparently tried to recover a backpack that had started to slide downhill before falling , the park service reported . That fatality was considered McKinley 's first serious incident of the 2012 mountaineering season . Less than a week later , a 36-year-old Finnish mountaineer also died from injuries sustained in a fall during descent . Since 1932 , a total of 120 climbers have died on Mount McKinley , according to the park service . The Japanese consulate in Anchorage has been in contact with the families and assisted in translating conversations with Ogi . CNN 's David Ariosto and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Dangerous conditions prompt a permanent suspension of recovery efforts Four Japanese climbers are presumed to have died in an avalanche The avalanche took place a day earlier than initially thought , officials say
CNN  -- When Ann Arbor , Michigan , advertising executive Al McWilliams finished high school in the late 1990s , he made a vow . He swore he would "  never , ever again " commute to work by car , "  no matter what I was doing in life . " Most of his teen friends were getting their first cars and feeling free , but McWilliams did n't see it like that . For him , freedom was being able to spend three hours a day doing something other than driving to and from private school . Driving was "  oppressive , " and his VW GTI felt like a "  ball and chain . " Flash-forward to the present . McWilliams , now 32 , either walks or rides the bus to his office every day , making his way to the back of the Route 5 bus , where he 'll find a window seat and maybe enjoy a nice book . "  I feel more free when I take the bus , " McWilliams said . "  I do n't have to worry about a car , where it 's parked , gas or maintenance . " He 's secure knowing that , just outside his door , "  a bus is going to come by every 15 minutes and and take me where I want to go . " McWilliams represents a growing segment of America that has embraced public transit from coast to coast in communities like Seattle , Dallas , Nashville and Los Angeles . And the numbers are bearing that out . Statistics released Monday from the American Public Transportation Association show that 2012 ranks as the second-highest transit ridership year since 1957 . Only 2008 was higher . Trips in 2012 on U.S. subways , commuter trains , light rail , trolleys and buses beat the previous year by 1.5 % -- or about 154.3 million rides . That despite damage from one of the worst East Coast storms in decades . Last fall , Superstorm Sandy shut down some of America 's largest transit systems , resulting , according to the transportation association , in a loss of an estimated 74 million trips . In Boston , the storm closed subways for several hours . The annual traffic increased 2.8 % despite a 25 % fare increase earlier in the year . Nationwide , ridership still increased . What 's going on here ? Well , several things , say experts . For one , the price of gas spiked north of $ 4 a gallon in 2008 . That year , a lot of commuters who economized by using transit got a surprise : They liked it . They liked it because they could work on their laptops or phones . They could call friends , read books , chat with other commuters . Take naps . It was all so much more enjoyable than crawling in rush-hour traffic on Washington 's Beltway , Atlanta 's Connector or even in Ann Arbor at the intersection of Washtenaw Avenue and Platt Road . So they kept on riding , even as gas prices dropped . Another reason : Cities that did n't have many public transportation options in the '80s and '90s have been getting on board . Places like Salt Lake City and Phoenix , which fostered rail transit during the past decade , are now seeing community benefits like lower traffic congestion and increased economic activity . The ballot box revealed another signal of support . Last year , voters approved nearly 80 % of the nation 's local and state transit funding initiatives , the American Public Transportation Association said , allowing their tax money to go toward public transportation systems . Some of the winners in Monday 's public transit report include :  New York City MTA subways , up 1.82 %  Los Angeles MTA heavy rail , up 3.70 %  Chicago elevated trains , up 4.32 %  Ann Arbor , Michigan , buses , up 6.6 %  Canton , Ohio , overall , up 9 %  Lewisville , Texas  northwest of Dallas  , overall up by 11 %  Nashville , Tennessee , overall up 6.8 %  Phoenix light rail , up 6.7 %  Riverside , California , overall up 8 %  Seattle , overall up 12 %  Utah commuter rail up 14.74 % ; light rail up 14.73 % Cities that reported fewer trips included :  Washington Metro subway , down 3.2 %  Atlanta MARTA subway/elevated rail , down 5.02 % Riders as customers Less than 5 years old , Phoenix 's light rail line gained nearly 7 % in riders last year . Experts credit the increase to the train 's convenient access to the city convention center , schools , shopping and nighttime entertainment . "  We look at riders as customers and try to design the experience from a customer 's point of view , " said Valley Metro 's Susan Tierney . A special phone number offers riders real-time updates on arrival times . Managers are considering adding Wi-Fi to the trains . Plans call for Phoenix light rail to expand to 57 miles by 2026 at the earliest , depending on the economy . Linking up Utah Utah 's young rail system showed a nearly 15 % gain on both its light rail and commuter rail lines in the Salt Lake City area . A commuter railroad linking the city with Provo opened in 2012 , helping commuters avoid annoying vehicle traffic on I-15 . Utah 's light rail debuted in 2001 and commuter rail in 2008 . This year , two more light rail lines are expected to open for business . Lawmakers are considering using public transit to battle the region 's smog problem . A proposal would offer free access to light rail during January and July , Utah 's worst months for smog . Generations And something else : The shift to embrace public transit appears to have a generational component . Younger people are waiting longer to get their driver 's licenses , studies show . Many of these folks are using public transit . Millennials , age 18 to 34 , like McWilliams are more likely to use public transit than older Americans , according to surveys . "  Our parents moved to ` burbs where we grew up riding around in cars , " McWilliams said . "  My generation is going the other way . It may be as simple as that . "	New stats show rides on U.S. subways , light rail , commuter rail , trolleys increased 1.5 % Americans took 154.3 more rides on public transit in 2012 compared to 2011 , study says Big increases in Ann Arbor , Michigan ; Nashville ; Los Angeles , Boston , New York Cities with dropping subway ridership include Atlanta and Washington
CNN  -- Eight years ago , the Democratic presidential candidates had the luxury of running against George W. Bush . Their main foreign-policy message was that they were different from the incumbent : They were against the war in Iraq ; against the way Bush was conducting the war on terrorism ; against his unilateral approach to world affairs . In 2016 , things will be different . The candidates will have to be much more careful about distancing themselves from President Obama 's policies . While they will be able to critique him and highlight how they would try do better , they will also face great pressure to outline their own visions for their future . The task wo n't be easy , since the Democratic Party is not all on the same page . While philosophical fractures within the GOP are well-known -- among neo-isolationists like Sen. Rand Paul and hawkish conservatives like Sen. John McCain -- there are also deep divisions and tensions within the Democratic Party that candidates will have to sort out . A number of foreign-policy agendas have taken shape among the Democrats , and all are likely to be part of the debate in the primary season . There are the liberal internationalists , arguably the most dominant voice among Democrats . They include the President , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry , who believe that the United States must remain active overseas to maintain global order and protect American interests . Liberal internationalists believe that it is essential to work through international institutions like NATO or the United Nations rather than to go it alone . They accept the need for military force , but also insist on the use of diplomacy and economic sanctions . Another pillar of liberal internationalism is that public sacrifice is needed when the nation goes to war , through higher taxes , volunteerism or , in earlier times , a draft . There is also a strong anti-war faction that has been a central part of Democratic politics since the 1960s . For these Democrats , who are based primarily in the grass roots rather than among Washington elites , military force should be used only under the most extreme circumstances . They tend to distrust what elected and military officials say when justifying the use of force , always remembering the lies of Vietnam . This world view posits that military force is very often a poor method for handling international problems and creates more problems than it is worth . This view rarely finds mainstream candidates , since these arguments play into conservative claims that Democrats are weak on defense . But occasionally their voice is heard . In 2004 , Gov. Howard Dean of Vermont made this argument about Iraq . Today , some wonder whether possible candidates like Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland , Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont or Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts might position themselves that way . Finally , there are the liberal hawks . This faction has been much less vocal since the negative fallout from President Bush 's war in Iraq but still lurks in the party . Liberal hawks are more open than their colleagues to the use of military force , even unilaterally , and less concerned about national sacrifice . The tradition was made famous by Washington Sen. Henry "  Scoop " Jackson , who in the 1970s was among the most prominent "  neo-conservatives . " Today some observers see Democrats who could succeed Jackson like New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez . "  So my friends on the left need to understand , " he said , "  that it is the world as it is , not as we wish it to be . " With the chaos overseas growing in cases such as Russian aggression and the rise of a so-called Islamic state , they could become more of a force once again in the campaign . Candidates wo n't have to choose one side or another , since most politicians do n't fit neatly into one category . But they will need to navigate carefully as they craft their message and figure out ways to develop a platform that can bring together as much of the party as possible . Some possible candidates , such as Hillary Clinton and former Virginia Sen. James Webb , have an eclectic record that could enable them to appeal to multiple constituencies . The best candidates will be the one who can offer a coherent and powerful vision of what the United States and the world should be as we enter into this period .	Julian Zelizer : Dems ca n't run against Bush foreign policy in 2016 , must have own vision He says party divided on approach . One strain : liberal internationalists like Clinton , Biden They think U.S. must be globally active , work through U.N. , NATO . Another strain is anti-war Zelizer : Liberal hawks ' third approach . Candidates must navigate these ideas toward a vision
LONGMONT , Colorado  CNN  -- A Colorado solar-energy company has high hopes for the economic stimulus bill that President Barack Obama will sign Tuesday in Denver . AVA Solar CEO Pascal Noronha holds one of the solar panels his company produces . Obama touts that the stimulus bill will help create up to a half a million so-called "  green " jobs in the field of alternative energy . Colorado has a growing green energy industry . Executives of AVA Solar , based in Fort Collins , Colorado , are among green energy industry representatives invited to the bill signing . AVA Solar has its plant in Longmont , about 30 minutes north of Denver . The plant , set to begin production in the spring , will construct solar panels for solar power plants . Once production is up to speed , CEO Pascal Noronha says , the plant should create enough solar panels a year to power 40,000 U.S. homes . Noronha says AVA Solar needs two things : Government loans to expand its factory , and more government assistance to help power companies commit to building large solar power plants in the United States . iReport.com : What would you fix first ? Noronha says those two moves would help AVA Solar create 1,000 to 2,000 new jobs in its factory , plus added employment for its suppliers . The company , founded in 2007 , currently has 175 employees . Without the stimulus , Noronha said , AVA Solar is on track to create 420 new jobs by the end of this year . AVA Solar currently operates on $ 175 million in U.S.-based private venture capital . In 2007 the company also received $ 3 million in seed money from the U.S. Department of Energy . Noronha says Obama is on the right track in terms of the stimulus bill . "  What everybody needs is a little seed money because five years from now there 's no question -LSB- that -RSB- solar has to replace the oil that we import , " Noronha says . "  What the government needs to do is provide the traction that is needed to get the first few projects on the ground . " "  We need money from the federal government ... to facilitate production immediately , " the CEO adds . "  Otherwise , we will be sitting and waiting for projects in the U.S. , and if we have to wait one year or two years -- when we 're able to produce a solution for this country today -- that is a really good reason for the government to say , ` Here it is , let 's go . ' " Noronha says his company 's biggest customer base is in Germany , a country that is far ahead of the United States in embracing solar energy . Obtaining U.S. customers is a priority , he explains . "  As a company we would very much like to have customers here in the U.S. , " Noronha says . "  The government needs to be able to facilitate these customers by making it possible for them to put large-scale power plants up . " Noronha is optimistic about the stimulus bill and the direction of the Obama administration . "  If you look at the vision of the president , you know he is looking out in the future and saying we 've got to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , " Noronha says . "  Well , to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , there is only renewable energy . And there are two forms that are promising -- one is wind and the other is solar . And solar , you 've got the sun 's resources all over the world . "	Solar-panel company has high interest in stimulus bill Creation of "  green " energy jobs is among hallmarks of stimulus bill AVA Solar of Colorado says it needs seed money to expand , hire more employees Obtaining customers in the United States is a priority for the company
Vladimir Putin was the first G20 leader to leave Brisbane . The Russian president 's jet lifted off soon as soon as possible -- after the final lunch of the summit meeting , but well before the final communique outlining the achievements of the summit had been announced . Given the mood of the summit , his speedy exit was hardly surprising . Putin had been a verbal punching bag for many of the G20 leaders , critical of Russia 's reported movement of new troops and weapons into independent Ukraine . READ MORE : Putin ditches G20 after verbal jabs Collective slight It started with a deliberate snub as he arrived -- welcomed at the airport only by a junior minister in Tony Abbott 's government . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper greeted the Russian leader the next day with the words : "  I guess I 'll shake your hand but I 'll only have one thing to say to you -- get out of Ukraine . " European leaders , led by Britain 's David Cameron also had words for Putin , as did U.S. President Barack Obama . But Putin put on a happy face when he met Tony Abbott in front of the cameras on Saturday , despite the Australian leader 's comments only a few days previously -- accusing him , in person , of trying to "  relive past glories of the Soviet Union " in Beijing at the APEC summit a few days earlier . The Russian leader looked isolated throughout the Brisbane meetings , but he was n't the only leader to have a tough G20 . READ MORE : G20 agrees to boost growth Abbott 's travails The host , Tony Abbott also had a difficult summit . It began badly with his first comments to the cameras , as he sat with all G20 leaders at a private retreat . Instead of concentrating on the big global picture , the Australian prime minister chose to tell the most powerful leaders in the world about his own problems on the domestic front , including the difficulties of getting Australians to spend $ 7 in fees when they visited the doctor . As one delegate said later , imagine having to translate that to the Saudi leader at the meeting . Critics lined up to castigate the Prime Minister 's "  whinging " performance , with opposition leader Bill Shorten describing it as "  weird and graceless . " Carbon mis-step Abbott also pointed to his success in scrapping Australia 's carbon tax . Both the U.S. and Chinese presidents had just days earlier announced sweeping new carbon emission cuts to general praise around the world . Abbott was on the wrong side of the carbon debate throughout the summit , with his government trying to keep it off the official agenda , arguing that the main purpose of the meeting was economics . But , reportedly under strong pressure from both Europe and the U.S. , carbon emissions were part of the official final statement . Abbott also did not offer any financial support to Obama 's new $ 3 billion green fund to help developing economies combat the effects of climate change . Productive trip for U.S. . The fund was just part of a number of deals and initiatives announced by Obama during his three-country Asian tour . Trade deals and new climate change initiatives flowed from the U.S. camp , with the president clearly enjoying his trip , not to mention his rock-star treatment by students in Queensland and in Myanmar . Similarly , Chinese President Xi Jinping also had a good tour , starting with his own climate change initiatives announced at the APEC summit in Beijing , several new trade deals and a historic handshake with regional rival , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Some commentators are suggesting it could be the beginning of a de-escalation of tensions between China and Japan over territorial disputes in the East China Sea . And it 's not over yet for the Chinese leader , who is staying in Australia for the time being . After addressing the country 's parliament , a "  speech of historical significance , " according to his Australian counterpart , he will next head to Tasmania , ticking off the last Australian state he has yet to visit . "  I do n't know whether I should get a certificate for that , " he joked . During his speech in Canberra , Xi announced a free trade agreement that will cover a raft of commercial and governmental deals between the two countries .	Russian President Vladimir Putin endures Ukraine criticism at global meeting in Australia Host Prime Minister Tony Abbott misreads mood on climate change U.S. and Chinese presidents enjoy comparatively successful trips
CNN  Many years ago , a colleague told me how frustrated her husband was by "  Amazon Mom , " a special membership program offered by the retail giant that provides discounts , recommendations and other information to help parents during the crazy toddler years . In bold print , the company says the program is "  open to anyone , whether you 're a mom , dad , grandparent , or caretaker . " But still it is called "  Amazon Mom , " irking my colleague 's husband to no end since he was the one ordering the majority of diapers and other products for their babies . ` Dad ' gets a makeover in Super Bowl ads My friend 's husband was not alone . A petition created a few years ago calls on Amazon to change the name of the program from "  Amazon Mom " to "  Amazon Family . " But the drive did n't get much traction . That changed after the recent death of a beloved dad blogger , Oren Miller , who created a Facebook group for dad bloggers in 2012 that has grown to more than 1,000 members . In 2013 , Miller called on men and women to sign the petition to get Amazon to change the name of the program . "  Why did Amazon bother changing the name of its parenting program when the program started in the UK ? What made them realize they could n't get away with calling it ` Amazon Mom , ' and why do they get away with it here ? " Miller wrote . "  Someone actually started a petition to change the name to ` Amazon Family ' in the US , and so far it has less than 100 signatures . Why is that ? Why are we OK with letting England be more progressive than we are here when it comes to fatherhood ? They have a queen ! They are ruled by a freakin ' queen ! We can do better than that ! " he wrote . No more dumb old dad : Changing the bumbling father stereotype I had the pleasure of interviewing Miller for a story last year on whether modern dads get enough credit . The 42-year-old stay-at-home father of two , who fought perceptions of fathers as nothing more than babysitters in essays on his blog , was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2014 . Miller , of Owings Mills , Maryland , died Saturday . Now , members of the dad blogging community are rallying in his honor , trying to step up the pressure on the Internet powerhouse to finally change the name of its program and get with the times . Mike Heenan , a stay-at-home father of two in Northern California and founder of the blog At-Home Dad Matters , never got to meet Miller but says that when Miller welcomed him into his community of dad bloggers , it changed his life . "  He got me writing again , inspired me to publish , to contribute , to tell my story ... to be a better dad for my daughters . " Heenan , like several other dad bloggers , took to Twitter using the #AmazonFamilyUS hashtag to call for Amazon to make the change . "  The push for inclusivity in the parenting arena has been well received by many a brand in the past few years and , like Oren , many of us think the change to ` Amazon Family ' is a no-brainer , " Heenan said . Judgy moms and dads face off in hit ad Buzz Bishop , a father of two in Calgary , Alberta , and founder of the blog Dad Camp , points out how Amazon calls its program "  Amazon Family " in Germany , Japan , Austria , France and Canada as well as the United Kingdom . "  So why is it called ` Amazon Mom ' in America ? " Bishop wrote in a blog post . "  We are continuing a cause that was once championed by the creator of the Dad Bloggers Facebook group , Oren Miller , " wrote Bishop . "  In his name , we want to finish the job . " The petition has gotten over 4,800 signatures . Amazon has not commented on the movement . In the meantime , Miller 's supporters wo n't stop pushing . I hope they never do . Do you think Amazon should re-name its "  Amazon Mom " program "  Amazon Family " ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Two years ago , a dad blogger called attention to the "  Amazon Mom " program After his death , dads are urging the retail giant to change the name to "  Amazon Family " The petition drive has gotten more than 4,800 signatures
Tokyo  CNN  -- While saying there are no indications yet of dangerously high radiation levels in the atmosphere , a Japanese government official said Sunday that there is a "  possibility of a meltdown " at two of the country 's nuclear reactors . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters that officials still do not know if there have been meltdowns in the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi 's nuclear facility in northeast Japan . But as they attempt to cool down radioactive material and release pressure inside the reactors , he said authorities were working under the presumption that such meltdowns have taken place . "  We do believe that there is a possibility that meltdown has occurred . It is inside the reactor . We ca n't see . However , we are assuming that a meltdown has occurred , " he said of the No. 1 reactor . "  And with reactor No. 3 , we are also assuming that the possibility of a meltdown as we carry out measures . " A meltdown is a catastrophic failure of the reactor core , with a potential for widespread radiation release . Edano 's comments confirmed an earlier report from an official with Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , who had told CNN , "  we see the possibility of a meltdown . " Though Toshihiro Bannai , director of the agency 's international affairs office , said engineers have been unable to get close enough to the core to know what 's going on , he based his conclusion on the fact that they measured radioactive isotopes in the air Saturday night . "  What we have seen is only the slight indication from a monitoring post of cesium and iodine , " he said . But Bannai added that he did n't believe a disaster was looming . "  We actually have very good confidence that we will resolve this , " he said . Edano , too , raised few alarms during his press conference Sunday . He based his optimism in large part on measurements of radiation outside the nuclear plant , conceding fluctuations may occur while stating that levels have generally decreased . "  We are continuing to monitor the radiation , but it is  under  control , " he said . Edano said that nine people have tested positive for high radiation levels on their skin and clothing , with doctors now trying to determine if they were impacted internally . Medical care , including radiation screening , will be offered to those who are being evacuated from the nuclear zone , the secretary added . The Japanese government was preparing to distribute iodine tablets to residents , the IAEA said . Iodine is commonly recommended to block the uptake by the thyroid gland of radioactive iodine . The problems at the Daiichi plant began Friday , when the 8.9-magnitude quake struck off the eastern shore of Miyagi Prefecture . The quake forced the automatic shutdown of the plant 's nuclear reactors and knocked out the main cooling system , according to the country 's nuclear agency . A tsunami resulting from the quake then washed over the site , knocking out backup generators that pumped water into the reactor containment unit to keep the nuclear fuel cool . Edano said that there have not been any leaks of radioactive material at either of the affected plants . Authorities deliberately have let out radioactive steam in order to alleviate growing pressure inside both of the affected reactors . Pressure had been mounting inside the reactors as steam built up inside , because water meant to cool the fuel rods was boiling . As of Sunday morning , winds in northeast Japan were blowing out to sea at 5-15 mph , said CNN Meteorologist Taylor Ward . But they were expected to reverse direction by Monday night , he said . The Daiichi plant is located about 160 miles  260 kilometers  north of Tokyo . Plant officials are also injecting sea water and boron into the plant in an effort to cool its nuclear fuel and stop any reactions . Boron , a chemical element , was being added to the water "  to sort of stymie other potential nuclear reactions , " according to Robert Alvarez , senior scholar at the Institute for Policy Studies and a former senior policy adviser to the U.S. secretary of energy . He described the plan to use salt water as "  an act of desparation " by Japanese authorities , who seemed unable to deliver fresh water or plain water to cool the reactor and stabilize it . Earlier , Edano had pointed out another potential challenge -- saying , without elaboration , that "  some of the readings in the measurement equipment were not accurate . " The detection of a cesium isotope -- as noted by Bannai -- indicates that the reactors ' nuclear fuel cladding has failed , said Ken Bergeron , a physicist and former scientist at Sandia National Laboratories . "  Now we have to hope that the containment building will succeed in preventing major amounts of radioactivity " from escaping , he said . Fukushima Daiichi facility has such a building -- something that Chernobyl , the Soviet nuclear plant that famously melted down in 1986 , did not have . Cesium 137 can remain dangerous for 600 years and is associated with a number of cancers , said Dr. Ira Helfand , a member of the board of Physicians for Social Responsibility . Some experts said the flow of information from the agency has not been fast enough . But IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano defended the Japanese response . "  I know the Japanese authorities are working their hardest to gather the necessary details and ensure safety under difficult and constantly evolving circumstances , " he said in a statement . If the effort to cool the nuclear fuel inside the reactor fails completely -- a scenario experts who have spoken to CNN say is unlikely -- the resulting release of radiation could cause enormous damage to the plant or release radiation into the atmosphere or water . That could lead to widespread cancer and other health problems , experts say . Authorities have downplayerd such a scenario , insisting the situation appears under control and that radiation levels in the air are dangerous . Still , as what they described as "  a precuation , " more than 200,000 people who live within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of the plant have been ordered to leave the area . A similar evacuation order has been issued for those with 10 kilometers of the Fukashima Daini nuclear facility , a separate plant also in Fukashima prefecture . Even absent this , nuclear materials expert Joseph Cirincione -- president of the U.S.-based Ploughshares Fund , a firm involved in security and peace funding -- ranks this scenario third , behind Chernobyl and the 1979 partial meltdown of a reactor core at the Three Mile Island nuclear plant in Pennsylvania , among history 's worst nuclear power crises . Japan is heavily dependent on nuclear power , with 54 plants and another eight slated for construction , said Aileen Mioko Smith of Green Action , an environmental group . All are located in "  very seismic " areas , she said . While experts acknowledged that Japan 's nuclear program is very well respected , physicist Ken Bergeron saying that now "  we 're in uncharted territory . " "  The bottom line is that we just do n't know what 's going to happen in the next couple of days and , frankly , neither do the people who run the system , " added Dr. Ira Helfand , a member of the board of Physicians for Social Responsibility . What we do know , he added , is that Japan 's nuclear facilities are "  way out of whack . " CNN 's Tom Watkins and Greg Botelho contributed to this story .	NEW : An official says there is a "  possibility of a meltdown " at two nuclear reactors NEW : Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano says radiation levels are n't hazardous NEW : He says 9 people have tested positive for high radiation levels on skin and clothing One expert calls the effort to cool reactors , using salt water , "  act of desparation "
CNN  -- Chapter 1 : Security Any Muslim can invite anyone working for the slave government in Kabul to quit their job and remove themselves from the corrupt administration . The new code of conduct issued by the Taliban originated from Pakistan . Chapter 2 : Prisoners It is strictly prohibited to exchange prisoners for money . Killing can only be decided by the Imam or his deputy . Noone else has the right to do so . If a military infidel is captured , any decision to kill , conditionally release or exchange such a prisoner can only be made by the Imam or his deputy . Chapter 7 : On the Mujahideen Suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low value and useless targets . In suicide attacks the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized . Chapter 10 : Regional Issues All Mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . Chapter 11 : Regarding prohibited things Weapons used to be taken from people by force , this practice is no longer permitted . But people may hand over their weapons voluntarily . No Mujahid is allowed to smoke . A male who has not yet grown a beard may not stay in a common sleeping area with other men . It is forbidden to disfigure people . For example the cutting off of ears , nose and lips are severely prohibited . Mujahideen should refrain from such activities . Mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate should not collect donations from people forcibly . People should be free to choose who they want to give to . Mujahideen should not search people 's homes . If there is a need to do this , they should get permission from authority and the search should be done in the presence of the imam of the local mosque and two elders . Kidnapping for ransom is strictly prohibited . Chapter 12 Mujahideen must be well behaved , and treat the people properly , in order to get closer to the hearts of civilian Muslims . Tim Schwarz contributed to this report	Taliban publishes new "  code of conduct " listing guidelines for fighters States that "  Mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries " Adds that "  suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets "
CNN  -- After a night rife with primaries in the far-flung four corners of the United States , plus one in the nation 's breadbasket , one race in the far Northwest is still up for grabs . In Alaska , incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski is trailing a political unknown . Joe Miller , who has the support of the Tea Party and former Gov. Sarah Palin , is leading by 51 percent to 49 percent , according to election tabulations . The numbers , which show Miller clinging to a less-than-2 ,000 - vote lead , are based on a count of roughly 86 percent of the total expected vote . With as many as 16,000 absentee ballots expected to be received over the next couple of weeks , the contest is not likely to be resolved quickly . Among Tuesday 's big winners was Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain , who fought off former congressman J.D. Hayworth . Down in Florida , Democratic Rep. Kendrick Meek 's organizational support trumped political newcomer Jeff Greene 's billion-dollar bank account in a hard-fought Senate primary . Miller -- on the cusp of one of the biggest upsets of the year so far -- said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday that high-profile endorsements helped his campaign , which reflects "  one central concern , and that is the out-of-control nature of D.C. " "  Bankruptcy is crashing down on this country , " Miller said . "  Unless we end that entitlement mentality , no level of seniority is going to save us from that . " Miller added the problem is a result of a bipartisan "  crisis of leadership . " Alaska voters also went to the polls Tuesday to pick their gubernatorial nominees . Gov. Sean Parnell , who replaced Palin when she resigned last year , faced two challengers in the GOP primary . With 86 percent of the expected vote in , Parnell had almost 50 percent of the vote , according to the unofficial election count . His nearest challenger , Bill Walker , had 34 percent . On the Democratic side , Ethan Berkowitz led with 49 percent of the vote , while Hollis French had 39 percent . In the southeastern corner of the country , two wealthy candidates in Florida spent a lot of their own money on campaigns . Rick Scott 's investment paid off . Greene 's did n't . Scott , a millionaire political newcomer , defeated state Attorney General Bill McCollum in the Republican primary for governor , CNN projected . Scott spent $ 50 million of his fortune since joining the race in April . He claimed victory in front of supporters and alluded to the divisive nature of his fight against McCollum , the party-establishment favorite and former congressman . "  Some of you may have noticed this was a hard-fought race . We talked a lot about our differences , but tonight it 's time to remember those things that bring us together -- to recall our core beliefs and recommit ourselves to fighting for our principles , " Scott said . "  The Republican Party will come together , and the reason we will come together is our shared devotion to the values that make America great . " Scott was ahead of McCollum , 47 percent to 43 percent , with 92 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . Scott will face a November general election against Alex Sink , Florida 's chief financial officer , who CNN projected will win the state 's Democratic primary for governor . In a different race featuring a political veteran against a self-funded candidate with deep pockets , Meek declared victory over Greene in Florida 's Democratic primary for U.S. Senate . Meek led Greene 56 percent to 32 percent , with 78 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . Meek will take on Marco Rubio -- who CNN projected will win the Republican primary for Senate -- and Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican turned independent , in the general election . Rubio has cast himself as the outsider in the race , painting Crist and Meek as "  two people who support the direction that Washington is taking our country . " He said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday that "  Washington 's agenda is destructive for America 's future . " "  I 'm very proud of my association with the Tea Party , " Rubio said . "  But people misunderstand what the Tea Party movement is in America . It is not a centralized organization or a political party . It 's the sentiment of everyday Americans who think that Washington has it wrong -- they 're taking our country in the wrong direction . And they are looking for voices in American politics that will stand up to that and offer a clear alternative . " In northern Florida 's 2nd Congressional District , Blue Dog Democrat Allen Boyd faced a tough challenge from his left from Al Lawson . The Associated Press projects that Boyd won that race by a slim margin . Meanwhile , in the Southwest , Hayworth conceded the GOP Senate primary Tuesday night in Arizona after a bitter campaign against McCain . McCain -- seeking a fifth term as senator -- was ahead , 59 percent to 30 percent , with 50 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . The race between McCain -- the 2008 GOP presidential nominee -- and conservative talk show host Hayworth started off nasty and did n't get any friendlier down the home stretch . McCain spent $ 20 million to fight off the intraparty challenge , unusual for a four-term incumbent . McCain is expected to easily beat any of the four Democratic primary candidates in the solidly red state . A 10-way Republican primary in the Arizona 3rd Congressional District race to replace retiring Rep. John Shadegg has attracted national attention because Ben Quayle , son of former Vice President Dan Quayle , is one of the candidates . The Associated Press projected that Quayle has won the primary . Quayle would face Democrat Jon Hulburd in the fall in the heavily red district . In the Northeast , longtime Republican Gov. Jim Douglas is retiring in Vermont , giving Democrats hope of competing for the seat . Five Democrats are running in what is considered a tight race . With 89 percent of the precincts reporting , four of those candidates each have more than 20 percent of the vote . The winner will face GOP Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie . In Oklahoma , two U.S. House Republican nominations were decided in runoff elections . Charles Thompson and James Lankford trounced their opponents Tuesday night . In Thompson 's 2nd District , Republicans think they have a chance for a pickup this fall against conservative Democrat Dan Boren . Lankford will likely replace Rep. Mary Fallin , who 's running for governor . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Steve Brusk , Rachel Streitfeld , Jeff Simon and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	The Alaskan GOP senate nomination is still up for grabs Challenger Joe Miller says there 's a bipartisan crisis of leadership in D.C. Florida GOP Senate nominee says American voters are looking for alternatives Rick Scott , who spent $ 50 million on his campaign , wins Florida GOP primary for governor
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives Friday and sent into busy Baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top Iraqi government official said . Iraqi soldiers secure the scene of a bombing Friday at a popular pet market in central Baghdad . The bombs killed at least 98 people and wounded more than 200 at two popular pet markets on the holiest day of the week for Muslims , authorities said . In both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , Gen. Qasim Atta , spokesman for Baghdad 's security plan , told state television . Atta said the women were strapped with dynamite and ball bearings , citing members of the bomb squad . The explosives were detonated via cell phone , he said . An Atta aide said that people referred to the bomber at central Baghdad 's al-Ghazl market as the "  crazy woman " and that the bomber at a second market had an unspecified birth disability . The aide said authorities believe the women were unaware of plans to detonate the explosives . Watch how the use of the women represents a new tactic " The nationalities and identities of the women have not been released . U.S. military officials referred to the two attacks as suicide bombings , saying both women detonated the explosive devices . The U.S. officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with 27 civilians dead and 53 others wounded . The Pentagon attributed the attacks to al Qaeda in Iraq and made no reference to the mental conditions of the women . "  By targeting innocent Iraqis , they show their true demonic character , " said Lt. Col. Steve Stover , spokesman for the Multi-National Division-Baghdad . "  They care nothing for the Iraqi people ; they want to subjugate them and forcefully create a greater Islamic sharia state , " he said , referring to Islamic law . The violence marked the bloodiest series of attacks in Baghdad since August , breaking a brief stretch of relative calm as attacks and deaths dropped after the 2007 increase in U.S. troop strength called the surge . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the attacks show the reality of the continuing struggle against militants , adding that Iraqis have turned against "  these terrible , violent people in their midst who will do anything . " "  It certainly underscores and affirms the decision of the Iraqi people that there is no political program here that is acceptable to a civilized society , and that this is the most brutal and the most bankrupt of movements that would do this kind of thing , " she said at a press briefing . "  And I think that will underscore for the Iraqis , and it will make them tougher in the fight . " The first bomb blew up at al-Ghazl animal market around 10:30 a.m. , killing 69 and wounding more than 140 . The second blast happened about a half-hour later in the New Baghdad neighborhood pet market , killing 29 people and wounding 67 . Al-Ghazl pet market is a popular destination where people buy and sell cats , dogs , monkeys and other animals . Attackers have struck the market on Fridays -- its busiest day -- several times in the last year or so . A January 2007 bombing killed 15 and wounded 52 at the pet market , and 13 people died and 58 were wounded in a November attack . Other developments CNN 's Ahmed Taha and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Women 's vests loaded with dynamite , ball bearings , Iraqi official says NEW : Iraq says 98 people killed at Baghdad markets , while U.S. says 27 dead NEW : Iraq : Bombs detonated by cell phone ; U.S. : Women detonated bombs Iraqi official say female bombers had mental disabilities
CNN  Closed for over a decade , a trail that 's been described as "  the world 's most dangerous path " will no longer be off limits to the public thanks to a massive reconstruction project . Due to reopen March 26 , Spain 's stunning Caminito del Rey features a cliff face boardwalk that hangs 100 meters above the Guadalhorce River . The trail , which begins in the village of El Chorro in southern Malaga province , has been around since the early 1900s , originally built to provide access to two waterfalls for hydroelectric workers . Over the years , the boardwalk deteriorated and , following a string of fatal accidents in 1999 and 2000 , the government demolished the access points to the walkway . The reopening , which comes over a year since reconstruction efforts kicked off , coincides with Spain 's annual Holy Week celebrations . According to the Spanish daily El Pais , the provincial government allocated 5.5 million euros  $ 5.8 million  to the project . The entire route is 7.7 kilometers long , with boardwalks covering 2.9 kilometers of the trail . The most famous section includes the Balconcillo de los Gaitanes bridge , which spans the Gaitanes Gorge . Tourism officials say it takes between four and five hours to walk the entire route , which includes some steep slopes . Entry will be free for the first six months after the attraction reopens on March 26 . Visiting hours are 10 a.m.-5 p.m. from April 1 to October 31 , and 10 a.m.-2 p.m. from November 1 to March 31 . Those who want to visit need to book a spot on the official website , Caminitodelrey.info .	Spain 's ' "  most dangerous path " due to reopen this month after extensive reconstruction efforts Originally built in the 1900s , the trail 's boardwalks deteriorated over time , forcing the local government to close it
San Francisco , California -- A federal judge ruled Wednesday that the government is liable for illegally wiretapping an Islamic charity without a valid search warrant . The ruling in Northern California District Court reaffirmed an earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps conducted on an Oregon-based Islamic non-profit organization were illegal . In Wednesday 's ruling , District Judge Vaughn R. Walker said the government is liable for damages from the illegal wiretapping . The United States has designated the Oregon-based al-Haramain Islamic Foundation as a terrorist organization . The group , which has sued the government over alleged warrantless wiretapping , is demanding classified information about the program launched by President George W. Bush 's administration . U.S. officials have refused to tell the charity 's lawyers whether the group was subjected to presidentially authorized , warrantless , foreign intelligence surveillance in 2004 and , if so , what information was obtained . The U.S. stance originated under the Bush administration in what is called the "  state secrets " defense , which allows courts to block lawsuits against the government on grounds that the litigation could harm national security . Under Bush , the government refused to turn over any classified evidence . Attorney General Eric Holder , appointed when President Barack Obama took office in January 2009 , has so far maintained the state secrets defense in the al-Haramain case , but indicated a willingness to consider sharing information with judges in certain cases . "  An additional review was conducted at the highest levels of the Department of Justice to determine whether continued invocation of the privilege was warranted , " the government told the court last May . "  Based on that review , it is the government 's position that disclosure of classified information ... would create intolerable risks to national security . " Walker 's ruling Wednesday rejected that defense , saying that for the purposes of the case , the court decided there was no warrant for the wiretaps because the government refused to confirm one existed . "  Defendants have foregone multiple opportunities to show that a warrant existed , including specifically rejecting the method created by Congress for this very purpose , " the ruling said . Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said the ruling was under review . Schmaler noted that the Obama administration policy on the state secrets defense has changed so that it is "  narrowly tailored . " The government , which has previously appealed rulings against it in the case , has 45 days to notify the court if it intends to file an appeal this time . In 2007 the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a ruling by Walker in the same case in which he had rejected the government 's state secrets privilege . The ruling , however , left unanswered whether applicable laws could pre-empt the state secrets privilege , so al-Haramain went back to court to continue the fight on that issue . CNN 's Bill Mears and Terry Frieden contributed to this story .	Ruling reaffirmed earlier decision that the warrantless wiretaps were illegal . District Judge Vaughn R. Walker said the government is liable for damages Justice Department spokeswoman said the ruling was under review
CNN  -- "  Slow and steady wins the race " may be the moral of a children 's tale , but the adage did n't hold up over the weekend in the case of Clark the tortoise vs. California police . The 150-pound tortoise decided to make a break for it in Alhambra , California , on Saturday . But he was no match for local police , who found the creature wandering the streets east of Los Angeles . "  Almost had a pursuit ! " the Alhambra Police Department wrote on its Facebook page . "  It took two officers to take this guy into custody , " they explained -- because of the creature 's weight . Handcuffs , they joked , were n't an option . In short order , police say , Clark was reunited with his family . Locals chimed in on Facebook , most celebrating Clark 's safe return . One woman claimed she saw the tortoise while he was on the lam "  eating grass and leaves and moving at a fast clip . " Others made Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle jokes . But the Alhambra Police Department shut those down , writing that Clark "  did not respond to ` Michelangelo , ' ` Leonardo , ' ` Raphael , ' or ` Donatello . ' " It 's not the first time the police department has taken a walk on the wild side . The department encountered a man riding his horse through town on July 30 . And on August 1 , officers stopped another man who went for an evening jog in the nude . When officers asked the naked man what he was doing , they say , he told them he 'd taken a pill and "  decided to go for a run . " Alhambra Police did not speculate whether drugs played a role in Clark 's decision to lead them on a low-speed chase . Chicago : A man walks into a bar ... with a tiger	Clark , a 150-pound tortoise , was spotted wandering the streets of Alhambra , California Police say it took two officers to corral the tortoise ; handcuffs not an option Clark was returned to his family , leaving cops with lots of material for Facebook jokes
CNN  -- The failed-startup story is familiar by now . A pair of Stanford grads come up with a million-dollar idea , let 's say Uber for cats . "  Mewber " joins a startup accelerator , builds an iPhone app , gets a few million dollars from a venture capital firm , moves into a hip office in San Francisco and hires a handful of bright 20-something employees . Things are looking great . Then they discover that cats hate cars , rarely have important appointments they need to keep and are all mysteriously using Windows Phone 8 devices . The product fails , and Mewber shuts down . Betaworks is a New York-based startup studio that does things differently . Instead of going all-in on one product , Betaworks gives multiple ideas room to grow , and even die , in order to single out the most promising sites , apps and tools . "  We try to fail fast and small , " explained founder and CEO John Borthwick . Borthwick describes Betaworks as a creative company of builders . Its employees work together in a studio atmosphere to conceive , build and grow multiple products at a time . If one idea is n't working , they can refocus their energies on something new . "  Every place I 've worked before has always been trying to make a specific product or company work , so you had no alternatives , " said Paul Murphy , Betaworks ' senior vice president of product , who formerly worked at Microsoft and Aviary . "  We do n't have that constraint here . " Many of Betaworks ' more popular offerings help people discover or organize news and other content , like Digg , Reader , Tapestry and most recently Instapaper . And the 6-year-old company recently branched out into games with the release of "  Dots , " a deceptively simple game that requires players to connect colored dots with swipes of a finger . The abstract and addictive iPhone game shot up Apple 's charts , attracting a million users in its first four days and 3 million users in the month since it launched . Betaworks says 250 million games of "  Dots " have been played . The company is moving fast to capitalize on the buzz and on Thursday released an iPad version of the game . Like most of Betaworks ' offerings , "  Dots " was created quickly  the team started in January  , and its design was kept minimal . To come up with a product , the team starts with a running list of about 80 things they feel should just be better , from weather apps to business cards . Every four to six months , they 'll go through the list and pick up to a dozen things that they want to prototype . After one month , they 'll look at the first version of the app or site and , if it addresses a need , get it into the hands of 100 beta testers . In the past four months the company has been focused on launching five small companies , part of its "  Hacker in Residence " program . In addition to "  Dots , " there is Giphy , a search engine for GIFs ; Poncho , a personalized weather app ; Blend.io , which allows musicians to collaborate on music online ; and Telecast , which lumps YouTube videos together based on the viewer 's specific interests . Even once they 're launched , these products can be shut down by Betaworks at any time . Killing off an app is n't a big deal for Betaworks , unlike a startup that 's pouring all its energy into a single idea . And instead of losing their jobs , the developers and designers just move on to the next Betaworks idea . "  What makes it easier for us is , we sort of celebrate the ones we kill off as much as the one we spin off , " Murphy said . The company also buys and rebuilds established tech properties such as Digg , Reader and Instapaper . When it bought the once-mighty Digg , that site cost $ 230,000 a month to run . Betaworks stripped Digg down and rebuilt it completely in just six weeks , creating a far simpler version of the curated-news site that costs only $ 19,000 a month to operate . "  If you think about the dynamic of what Digg was , a crowd-sourced news site , I think Twitter figured out a more scalable mechanism , " Borthwick said . "  What Digg was needed to be rethought from the ground up . " Some products are spun off into standalone companies , like traffic-analytics tool Chartbeat and URL shortener Bit.ly . Others have been sold off to large tech companies such as Facebook , Twitter , Microsoft and Zynga for a tidy sum . Betaworks also invests seed money in young startups , many of which , like Kickstarter , Groupon and Tumblr , have gone on to be hugely successful . The business model and minimalist approach to apps is working out swimmingly for Betaworks . According to Borthwick , the company is "  wildly " profitable .	New York startup studio behind the hit game "  Dots " has a unique business model Betaworks develops its own ideas and buys interesting startups to grow them Because the company is working on multiple products , it can kill the ones that do n't work On Thursday , Betaworks released an iPad version of its "  Dots " game
CNN  -- Steve Bruce has become the first English Premier League managerial casualty of the season after being sacked by Sunderland on Monday following a poor run of recent results . On Saturday , Sunderland relinquished a 1-0 lead to lose 2-1 at home to bottom side Wigan Athletic , with the winning goal coming in injury time . That result left Sunderland 16th in the 20-team division -- just two points above the relegation zone -- despite an extensive recruitment drive in the close season which saw 11 players join the club . The Wigan defeat also highlighted crowd dissatisfaction with Bruce -- with a number of banners calling for his removal -- and club chairman Ellis Short has decided to act after calling recent results "  simply not good enough " . Ellis told the official Sunderland website : "  This has been a difficult time for everyone at Sunderland and is not a situation that any of us envisaged or expected to be in . "  It is my job as chairman to act in the best interests of our football club at all times and I can assure everyone that this is not a decision I have taken lightly . " He continued : "  Sadly results this season have simply not been good enough and I feel the time is now right to make a change . "  Steve has acted with honesty and integrity throughout , which is testament to the character and commitment he has shown during his time at Sunderland . "  I would like to personally place on record my thanks to him for his significant contribution to our football club over the past two-and-a - half years and everyone here at Sunderland naturally wishes him the very best for the future . "	Sunderland manager Steve Bruce has been sacked after Saturday 's 2-1 defeat by Wigan That defeat left Sunderland 16th in the Premier League , just two points above the drop zone Bruce is the first manager to lose his job in the English Premier League this season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pro-Tibet activists jumped security barriers and scuffled with police outside the Chinese embassy in London Sunday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered to protest a visit by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao . A pro-Tibet protester runs past a police cordon outside the Chinese Embassy in London . Protesters carrying Tibetan flags chanted "  China Murderers , " and "  China Out of Tibet , " as Wen , on a three day trip to Britain , arrived at the embassy . China has long been criticized by the international community for its human rights record in Tibet . Tibetans are pushing for autonomy from China and greater religious freedom . Wen was greeted at the embassy by a firecracker display in honor of the Chinese New Year before being escorted inside by security personnel . A group of protesters attempted to jump over security blockades when Wen 's motorcade arrived at the embassy . Several were wrestled to the ground by police and arrested . Police said five people were detained , according to the UK 's Press Association . Approximately 150 Chinese counter-protesters were also at the demonstration chanting pro-Chinese slogans . Watch demonstrations outside the Chinese embassay in London " Wen is due to meet British opposition party leaders on Sunday before sitting down with Prime Minister Gordon Brown on Monday . Brown was among a number of international leaders who skipped the opening ceremonies of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , amid an intense campaign from human rights groups opposed to China 's international policies and human rights record .	Protesters carrying Tibetan flags chanted "  China Murderers " Police say five activists arrested Wen Jiabao on three day visit to UK
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician accused of molesting more than 100 of his patients was sentenced Friday to serve his lifetime in prison . Earl Bradley , whose practice was in Lewes , was sentenced to the maximum sentence of 14 life terms , plus 164 years in prison without the possibility of parole , according to a statement from the office of state Attorney General Beau Biden . He originally had faced 529 counts of rape , sexual exploitation of a child , unlawful sexual contact and other charges . In June , he was found guilty on 24 counts . The charges include first-degree rape , forcing girls to perform oral sex on him and filming dozens of children engaging in sex acts . Police officers and detectives , but none of the alleged victims , testified in June in a bench trial , which is a trial held before a judge and without a jury . Bradley 's attorneys did not call any witnesses nor did they make closing arguments . The evidence against Bradley is based on video seized from his home and office , Biden has said . Public defenders in April challenged the scope of a search warrant used to acquire these tapes , but the judge ruled against them . According to the indictment , the abuse allegedly occurred between 1998 and 2009 . All but one of the 103 alleged victims were girls , some as young as 2 years old . Police arrested Bradley in December 2009 .	Pediatrician was accused of sexually assaulting 103 of his patients A judge orders Earl Bradley to spend the rest of his life behind bars Authorities testified against him during a bench trial in June
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Vietnam veteran and Bronze Star recipient who volunteered to return to the Army and serve in Afghanistan became the oldest U.S. service member to die in combat there , the U.S. military announced Friday . First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo was killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul on Tuesday while riding in an armored Humvee . His body was flown to the United States early Thursday morning . Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was 59 . He would have turned 60 later this month , according to KING television in Seattle , Washington . He was one of a very few service members who served in Vietnam and in current U.S. military operations , his record shows . He twice received the Bronze Star , which is awarded to U.S. troops for combat valor . Crisostomo also received the Purple Heart for being wounded in combat , according to his records . It was not clear from his official records if he received the medals for combat in Vietnam or Afghanistan . His records also indicate he received numerous other commendations . He also served during the first Gulf War in 1991 and received the Kuwait Liberation Medal . He jointed the Army in 1969 and retired in 1993 , then volunteered to serve again in 2008 . According to his records , his position in the Army was automated logistical specialist , but it was unclear in what capacity he was serving while in Afghanistan . Earlier this year , a 60-year-old soldier was killed in Iraq , becoming the oldest U.S. service member killed in either the war in Iraq or the war in Afghanistan .	First Sgt. Jose San Nicolas Crisostomo killed by a roadside bomb in Kabul He served in Vietnam , retired , rejoined Army in '08 to serve in Afghanistan Crisostomo of Spanaway , Washington , was Bronze Star , Purple Heart recipient
EW.com  -- CBS announced its fall premiere dates today , including the return of "  Survivor "  its 25th edition !  and the series debut of "  Vegas , " which features Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis . Here 's when CBS will roll out its new and returning shows : Wednesday , September 19 : 8:00 -9:30 p.m. "  Survivor : Philippines "  25th edition premiere Monday , September 24 : 8:00 -8:30 p.m. "  How I Met Your Mother "  8th season premiere 8:30 -9:00 p.m. "  Partners "  Series debut 9:00 -9:30 p.m. "  2 Broke Girls "  2nd season premiere 9:30 -10:00 p.m. "  Mike & Molly "  3rd season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Hawaii 5-0 "  3rd season premiere Tuesday , September 25 : 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  NCIS "  10th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  NCIS : Los Angeles "  4th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Vegas "  Series debut ` The Hobbit ' Scroll : First Look ! Wednesday , September 26 : 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Criminal Minds "  8th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  CSI "  13th season premiere Thursday , September 27 : 8:00 -8:30 p.m. "  The Big Bang Theory "  6th season premiere 8:30 -9:00 p.m. "  Two and a Half Men "  10th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Person of Interest "  2nd season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Elementary "  Series debut ` Avengers ' short ` Item 47 ' : See poster art Friday , September 28 : 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  CSI : NY "  9th season premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  Made in Jersey "  Series debut 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  Blue Bloods "  3rd season premiere Saturday , September 29 : 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  48 Hours Mystery "  26th season premiere Sunday , September : 30 7:00 -8:00 p.m. "  60 Minutes "  45th season premiere 8:00 -9:00 p.m. "  The Amazing Race "  21st edition premiere 9:00 -10:00 p.m. "  The Good Wife "  4th season premiere 10:00 -11:00 p.m. "  The Mentalist "  5th season premiere See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS announced its fall premiere dates Wednesday "  Survivor " returns with its 25th edition on September 19 "  Vegas " will debut on September 25
"  I think , when the moment finally comes , I 'll probably have mixed feelings about it , " Dick Cole said . "  It will be like coming to the last page of a book you do n't want to end . The book has been a good one , but you 're sad that it 's over . " He is 98 years old . He was part of a military unit whose valor is written indelibly on the pages of this nation 's history . The Doolittle Raiders flew their "  Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo " mission in April 1942 , when , in the wake of Pearl Harbor , spirits in the United States were at a low point . The 80 Raiders , flying 16 bombers under the command of Jimmy Doolittle , showed the world that America would never give up . "  We had planned on waiting until there were only two of us left to open the bottle and have our final toast , " Cole said . "  But we do n't want to wait any longer . As fragile as most of us are , it 's time . " So , on Saturday , at the National Museum of the United States Air Force on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton , Ohio , the few Raiders who still are alive will open the bottle of 1896 Hennessy Very Special cognac -- 1896 was the year of Jimmy Doolittle 's birth -- and raise a solemn toast to their crewmates who have died . "  All 80 of us knew each other , from all our training missions , " Cole said . "  I can still close my eyes and see their faces , hear their voices . We were a pretty good team . " Pretty good ? They were the finest and bravest warriors this nation had to offer . Cole was Doolittle 's co-pilot in the first of the 16 planes to take off from the deck of the USS Hornet in the Pacific . "  We knew that we had just separated ourselves from civilization , " he said . "  There were no long-range radios in the planes . And , of course , there was no turning back . " There was a time when every schoolchild in the U.S. was taught about the courage of the Raiders . It was a true-life story the country knew by heart : The U.S. , after Pearl Harbor , was in terrible trouble in the Pacific . Launching a counterattack on Japan seemed impossible , because there were no U.S. airfields close enough . And then came the Doolittle Raiders , 80 volunteers with guts enough to thrill their countrymen . They would fly 16 specially modified B-25s from the deck of the Hornet . Launching heavy bombers from a carrier had never been tried ; returning to the ship was not an option . The plan was to hit Tokyo , then hope to make it safely to China . But when there were reports on the day of the raid that Japan had learned of the mission , a decision was made : The planes had to take off from much farther out in the Pacific than had been anticipated . From that distance there was not enough fuel to get them to safety . And those men took off anyway . "  I was scared , frightened -- just about any word you can think of that describes being apprehensive , " Cole said . "  But I knew I was flying with the best pilot in the world . " Doolittle 's men hit Tokyo , then flew as far as they could . Eleven crews had to bail out ; four crews crash-landed and one plane made it to Russia . Two Raiders died as they bailed out . Eight were captured by the Japanese ; three of them were executed , and five were sentenced to life in prison . One died of starvation ; the others were grievously mistreated for more than three years . When 2013 began , there were five surviving Raiders , but then Tom Griffin died . So now there are four : Dick Cole , Robert Hite , Edward Saylor and David Thatcher . Their annual April reunions have come to an end . But even with all their somber and prayerful annual toasts to those they have lost , they have never opened the bottle of 1896 cognac . The Doolittle bottle . Now , at the Air Force Museum , they will . It is unclear whether Robert Hite is in good enough health to make it to Dayton ; the others plan to be there . This will be it , forever . When the bottle is opened , Cole said , "  I know there will be tears , at least in my case . " He said he hopes that today 's young Americans will take one lesson from what the Doolittle Raiders did : "  I would like for them to understand that there are times in one 's life that require a lot of sacrifices . If you want to live free , you 've got to make those sacrifices . " There is one piece of unfinished business : Jimmy Doolittle , who died in 1993 , was awarded the Medal of Honor . But the raid was not a one-man mission ; Doolittle would have been the first to vociferously point that out . Friends and admirers of the Raiders have been trying to persuade Congress , in recognition of the Raiders ' contribution to this country , to award the entire 80-man squad not the Medal of Honor , but the Congressional Gold Medal , one of our nation 's highest tributes . No one is asking for Congress to strike 80 gold medals -- just one , in the Raiders ' name , while some of the crew are still alive . You would n't think it would be difficult . The Congressional Gold Medal has been presented to , among others , Frank Sinatra and Arnold Palmer . You 'd think the Doolittle Raiders would rate one . And their supporters have gone about the request in the proper way . A bill asking for authorization of the medal was introduced in a bipartisan manner : A Democrat , Sherrod Brown of Ohio , introduced it in the Senate , and a Republican , Pete Olson of Texas , introduced it in the House . Yet there it languishes . There are not enough co-sponsors in either chamber to get the medal authorized . The slowness seems to come not from any animosity , but from indifference . Congress has other things to do . Meanwhile , the clock ticks on the Raiders . Cole is 98 ; Saylor and Hite are 94 ; Thatcher is 92 . As Brian Anderson -- a friend and longtime admirer of the Raiders who has worked to get the medal authorized and has tried to get the attention of members of Congress -- said : "  Time is not on the Raiders ' side . " So those brave men will gather in Dayton next weekend for their final toast . Before they do , here is a simple question for Congress : Can you not even do this right ? The Doolittle Raiders have earned that medal . But it is n't the Raiders who should be grateful to be associated with Congress . It is Congress that should be proud and grateful to be permitted to be associated with the Raiders .	Bob Greene : The four remaining Doolittle Raiders are planning a final reunion on Saturday Now in their 90s , the famed WWII bomber pilots will crack a bottle of fine cognac for a toast For their perilous Tokyo mission , they deserve Congressional Gold Medal , he says Greene : Frank Sinatra got one , why not them ? Congress , can you at least do this right ?
CNN  -- The mother of Jhessye Shockley -- a young Arizona girl last seen 11 months ago -- was arrested and charged Thursday with murder in her daughter 's case , authorities said . A grand jury indicted Jerice Hunter on Thursday and , later that day , she was arrested "  without incident " around 1:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  at her home in Mesa , Arizona , Glendale interim police Chief Debora Black said . "  We are confident , with the indictment and arrest of Jerice Hunter today , we will achieve our ... goal of securing justice for Jhessye , " Black told reporters . Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery noted that Hunter faces two charges : felony child abuse and first-degree murder . Police believe 5-year-old 's body was dumped in trash Hunter had said her daughter Jhessye , then 5 years old , wandered out of the family 's Glendale home on October 11 . The girl went unnoticed by her 13 - , 9 - and 6-year-old siblings , who were supposed to be watching her , according to her mother . Jhessye has n't been seen since , and while authorities long ago opened a homicide investigation , her body has n't been found . The girl 's mother came under suspicion early in the investigation , and she spent a week behind bars in November 2011 after being arrested for alleged child abuse . Police said reports from the girl 's siblings led them to believe Hunter had abused Jhessye . Late last year , Glendale Police Department spokeswoman Tracey Breeden called Hunter "  our primary focus " in the investigation . But while Breeden insisted then "  we 're getting closer to solving the case , " no further arrests were made at the time . The mother 's attorney , Scott Maasen , said late last year that Hunter "  certainly declares her innocence . " Maasen said his client 's children were playing in the backyard behind their apartment complex when Hunter went out to a store . When she came back , she found that her daughter was missing , the lawyer said . "  She 's been steadfast in every conversation we 've had , " said Maasen , who has accused authorities of "  stonewalling " and failing to share information with his client . "  She wants to find Jhessye , wants to know where her daughter is . " Mom Begs for Missing 5-Year-Old 's Return at Rally In a press release issued last December , Glendale police said they believe the girl 's body was dumped in a trash bin in nearby Tempe "  prior to the report of Jhessye 's disappearance on October 11 . " Trash from the location is taken to a transfer station and ultimately to Butterfield Station Landfill , police said . Some 280 law enforcement officers from 13 agencies went through 9,500 tons of trash , but ended their search weeks ago without finding any sign of Jhessye , Black said Thursday . The police chief added that there are no plans to look further for the girl . "  We believe that Jhessye is at her final resting place at the Butterfield Station Landfill , " Black said . "  There 's nothing to be gained by continuing to search . " After that search was finished , police and the Maricopa County Attorney 's office worked together in preparing a case , which they then presented to a grand jury . Montgomery , the county attorney , said the fact authorities have n't found Jhessye 's body did n't prove to be an impediment in securing an indictment nor did he expect it would prevent a jury from convicting Hunter . Black , police chief for the city of about 225,000 just northwest of Phoenix , acknowledged the toll Jhessye 's disappearance has taken on residents , grief and frustration that now may be tempered with Hunter 's arrest . "  Our hope is that the announcement today will allow the healing process to begin for everyone who knew Jhessye , who loved Jhessye and all those who have been touched by her story , " she said . Relative Doubts Mom of Missing Jhessye Shockley Desperate search : Jhessye Shockley 's family speaks out on Dr. Drew	Jerice Hunter is indicted for first-degree murder and arrested in Arizona Authorities accuse her of killing her daughter Jhessye , missing since last year The body of the girl , who was 5 when she was last seen , has n't been found Authorities hope the arrest "  will allow the healing process to begin , " police say
CNN  -- A New Jersey man is accused of killing a 6-year-old boy and seriously wounding the boy 's 12-year-old sister , Jason Laughlin of the Camden County Prosecutor 's Office said Monday . Osvaldo Rivera , 31 , was arrested Sunday afternoon and charged with murder and attempted murder , the prosecutor 's office said in a news release . Dominick Andujar was found dead with his throat slit in a home in the city of Camden , officials said . His sister suffered stab wounds and fled to a neighbor 's home after the attack . She is in critical condition at Cooper Hospital in Camden . Investigators said Rivera , who lives in the area and goes by the nickname "  Popeye , " was discovered in an apartment on the north side of the city , hiding between a mattress and a bedroom wall . He was found with blood-stained sneakers that appeared to match bloody footprints in the victims ' home , the prosecutor 's office said . "  Several citizens came forward and showed the courage to provide information , which helped lead to the initial apprehension , " Camden County Prosecutor 's Office Lt. Frank Falco said . Rivera told investigators he had smoked "  wet , " a combination of marijuana and PCP , before the killing , the prosecutor 's office said . This marks the second time this drug combination has been connected with the slaying of a child in Camden , the office said . Chevonne Thomas is believed to have been smoking wet prior to allegedly beheading her son , Zahree , on August 22 . . Rivera is being held at the Camden County Jail , the prosecutor 's office said , and an arraignment is expected Tuesday . Attempts to contact an attorney for comment were unsuccessful Monday . Laughlin , of the prosecutor 's office , said it appeared Rivera did not yet have an attorney .	A 6-year-old boy is dead and his 12-year-old sister is seriously injured Osvaldo Rivera , 31 , is charged with murder and attempted murder He told prosecutors he was under the influence of "  wet " -- marijuana with PCP
Erick Muoz tried to keep hope alive , but he knew his wife was dead . "  Many a night , I asked God to take me instead , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday . "  But you ca n't turn off that knowledge , that you know how bad it was . ... And I promised her , I told her I will honor her wishes . " On Sunday , someone switched off the machines inside a Texas hospital that kept Marlise Muoz 's heart and lungs working . Her family spoke to CNN on Wednesday in their first national television interview since they won their battle to disconnect the ventilator from the pregnant woman 's body . Their wrenching court fight drew national attention and sparked debate over who 's alive , who 's dead and whether the presence of a fetus changes the equation . Now , they say they want their story to be heard in order to save other families from going through the same nightmare . Marlise was 33 years old and 14 weeks pregnant with the couple 's second child when her husband found her unconscious on their kitchen floor November 26 . Though doctors had pronounced her brain dead and her family had said she did not want to have machines keep her body alive , officials at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , Texas , argued state law required them to maintain life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . Marlise did n't leave any written directives regarding end-of-life care . But long before she was hospitalized , her family said , they had made Marlise a promise to honor her wishes , and they were determined to keep it . "  We looked her in the eye and told her , " Erick Muoz said , his voice cracking as he spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And for the state of Texas , to not let us do that , was hard . You know , you want to keep your word to your loved one . " ` They 're using my wife ' Erick Muoz had no doubt about what his wife wanted . They were both paramedics , and it was something they 'd talked about many times as they discussed their days . In their line of work , Erick Muoz said , they became all too aware of families who held on to loved ones long after they 'd gone . And of how fleeting life can be . "  You work on a freeway or a busy road , " he said . "  That driver just accidentally hits you , and you could be gone . " Now that Marlise is gone , her family is pushing for others to have those same conversations . "  We were together on the same page from the very beginning , which we feel is very important for families that have to go through something like this , that there is n't any in-house fighting , " said Marlise 's mother , Lynne Machado . It should be a family 's decision , they said , not a political issue . They 've heard protesters and politicians pointing to the case and claiming laws should be rewritten to make sure someone like Marlise ca n't be disconnected from life support . Those people , they said , are missing the point . "  I feel that 's unfair on their part . They 're not the family . I ca n't take the right away from you to do something with your loved ones . I do n't feel they should , either , " Erick Muoz said . "  I feel they 're using my wife , unfortunately , as a stepping stone , as an argument for their debates . They want votes . And I tell them , ` That 's wrong . ' ... They are using her as a political argument . " Mom : ` We needed to do this for her ' Marlise 's family members were preparing to say their final goodbyes in the ICU the day in November when doctors showed them that her heart kept stopping and that her brain was swelling . But then suddenly , the situation changed : a doctor told them they could n't disconnect the machines . The family says they were shocked , and that even the doctors seemed surprised . "  I thought , there must have been a miscommunication in some way . We said ` No , no , no . That 's not what she wanted . She wanted never to be on life support . ' They said , ` Well , but she 's pregnant . ' And then , you know , it went from there , " Machado said . "  We knew we were n't going to let this rest , because it was n't right . It was not honoring her wishes . " That 's why the family went to court and kept fighting , she said , even as the going got tough . Even as it became clearer every day that the woman they loved had slipped away . Even as her skin texture changed -- becoming like a mannequin 's , cool and rubbery . Even as the air in her hospital room started to smell more like death than life . "  There would be times I 'd feel frustrated by the process we were having to go through . And I could just feel Marlise say , ` Mom , do n't give up , keep going , keep fighting . ' And for many days , that 's what I held onto , " Machado said . "  We tried to raise our children to stand up for what 's right , even if you 're the only one standing up . And this is what Marlise would have done had the situation been different . She would have stood up for what 's right , so we needed to do this for her . " A judge in Fort Worth sided with the family on Friday , ordering the hospital to remove any artificial means of life support from Marlise by 5 p.m. Monday . The devices were shut off Sunday morning and her body was released to her husband . "  The Muoz and Machado families will now proceed with the somber task of laying Marlise Muoz 's body to rest , and grieving over the great loss that has been suffered , " the family 's attorneys said in a statement at the time . "  May Marlise Muoz finally rest in peace , and her family find the strength to complete what has been an unbearably long and arduous journey . " Now , the family says they know that Marlise and the baby girl she carried , who they named Nicole , are in heaven . But even the legal victory , which gave them a chance to say their final goodbyes , was n't a moment for celebration . "  It was n't happy for anybody . There was not a happy ending , " Machado said . "  We were pleased that the judge ruled in our favor , and that he realized that Marlise was not a patient , as the hospital was saying . That she was , in fact , legally dead . " Attorneys : Fetus was ` distinctly abnormal ' What happens next ? The hospital acknowledged Friday that Marlise had been brain dead since November 28 and that the fetus she carried was not viable . "  The past eight weeks have been difficult for the Muoz family , the caregivers and the entire Tarrant County community , which found itself involved in a sad situation , " a hospital statement said over the weekend . "  JPS Health Network has followed what we believed were the demands of a state statute . " Since the ventilator shut off , Machado said she 's finally started to do something she was n't able to do for months after she knew her daughter was gone : grieve . "  For me , closure began after she was disconnected . I was able to get a sense of closure . ... It was hard to start the grieving process when we still had this body that we knew was an empty shell in front of us , " she said . "  We really could n't start grieving , but now we can . " Erick Muoz said he does n't know whether he 'll pursue legal action against the hospital . He said he 's angry , arguing that the hospital misinterpreted the Texas law and kept his wife 's heart beating long after she 'd died . And he said if hospital officials send him a bill for her time on a ventilator , there 's no way he 'll pay it . But it 's too soon to say what steps are next . Right now , he 's focused on their 15-month-old son . "  One of her wishes also was to raise a good man out of my son , and that 's what continues to drive me , and what I will use as my driving point for the rest of my life , " he said . "  Because that 's my job now , to raise a good man , because I promised her . " The ethics of life support What no one wants to talk about	Marlise Muoz had been brain dead since November A hospital kept her body on a ventilator to preserve the fetus she carried Her family fought that decision in court and won Machines keeping her heart and lungs working were shut off on Sunday
CNN  -- Since the U.S. Copyright Office declared last month that it 's legal to jailbreak your iPhone , lots of iPhone users have been doing just that -- nearly 9 percent of them as of late July . But jailbreaking your iPhone -- tweaking it to run applications not approved by Apple -- is serious business . That 's not just because jailbreaking can void your Apple warranty , but because it can put you at risk of data theft , malware or other significant problems . In November , TUAW reported that a Dutch hacker proved this point by using port scanning -- using software to probe a network host for open ports -- to find jailbroken phones . From there , he sent unsuspecting users a message that read , ` Your iPhone 's been hacked because it 's really insecure ! Right now , I can access all your files . ' " He then directed his victims to PayPal and requested $ 5  about $ 10  in exchange for instructions to remove his hack . At least he let his victims know they 'd been hacked . Your iPhone wo n't notify you about that on its own . If you jailbreak your iPhone , one crucial way to protect yourself is to change the phone 's default passwords . But be forewarned : It 's not a simple process . In the latest episode of the Boulder Open Podcast , hosts Dave Taylor and Michael Sitarzewski discussed this concern . Recently both of them jailbroke their iPhone 4s . "  I 've got ta say , this was not a compelling experience . It was complicated as heck to figure out how to jailbreak the phone and then change the default passwords , " said Taylor , a longtime tech expert . "  Once you jailbreak your phone , it 's accessible via laptops . Someone can log into your phone and monkey with it . The process for changing the passwords is really quite a production . Like a lot of the open-source technology I 've used in past 30 years , this is not something you want to get involved with unless you 're willing to spend the time to learn how to do this safely . " A "  root password " is a fundamental part of the geeky Unix back-end of the iPhone 's slick operating system . It 's something that non-jailbroken users never have to worry about because Apple 's walled-garden iPhone experience prevents this particular kind of incursion . Sitarzewski explained , "  Every Unix system on the planet has a root account , and the default password for that account is the same on every iPhone on the planet  ` alpine '  . "  When you jailbreak your phone , sometimes one of the requirements for an app is secure shell  SSH  . That 's the only way you 're opening yourself up to this particular vulnerability . So you do n't absolutely have to change your root password if you do n't install SSH protocols -- but it 's a good idea anyway . " Taylor added : "  Not only is the default root password the same on every iPhone , but the default mobile user account password also is the same on every iPhone  ` dottie '  . So you should change them both . " If you venture beyond Apple 's iPhone garden walls , you can follow these instructions to change your default passwords from the Just Another iPhone Blog . Alternatively , TiPb offers instructions on using the JailbreakMe mobile site to simplify the jailbreaking process . They note that as of early August , some jailbroken iPhone users running iOS4 reported problems with the terminal  a command-line interface that lets you access system-level functions  , and pointed to a TiPb discussion forum for instructions on fixing that problem .	If you jailbreak your iPhone , it is more susceptible to hackers Changing the default password on your iPhone is complicated , but worth the security The default root and default mobile user account passwords are the same on every phone
Cecelia Owens just could n't bear to get rid of the photo of her and the young man whose heart she broke a few months after junior prom . She kept their prom picture in a box in a closet and rarely looked at it . She disliked her date 's "  horrible " suit and the fact that the photographer made her look "  like a china doll , " as she sat while he stood . Still , she could n't part with the young man in that ugly suit . "  Several times over the years , I moved and packed up and ran across the picture and thought ' I ca n't get rid of it , ' " said Owens , 47 . "  I thought maybe I 'll see him again one day and we can share that memory . " Corsages and tokens from prom night eventually fade , but images are indelible snapshots of the way we were , one of the few keepsakes mostly unchanged in generations . In an era when the average prom night costs north of $ 1,000 and dress codes complicate the perfect outfit , the power of the prom photo remains timeless . Beyond projecting personal style , they reflect socioeconomic and cultural values from an American rite of passage , documentary photographer Mary Ellen Mark said . "  The photograph becomes an object , " said Mark , whose new book , "  Prom " is a collection of portraits from high school proms across the country . "  The pictures are about detail and looking at the subject matter and who they are , what they 're wearing and economic status . " Beneath the surface lie deeply personal stories of love , heartbreak and the moments before bigger steps . Janie Lambert and her fiance had other things on their minds when they attended her senior prom in March 1970 in Knoxville , Tennessee . They were to be married in May and her husband , a high school graduate who was in the Air Force , was set to ship out in June . Earlier that day , they 'd been searching for an apartment . "  We decided at the last minute to go , I do n't why , because we had been apartment-hunting all day . I guess because our friends were there , " said Lambert , who shared her story on iReport . "  I did not have a new prom dress , so I took the same one I wore for his senior prom and put a blue velvet band on the empire waist . I did not want a corsage , so he gave me a single red rose . " When the time came for their daughter to attend prom in the 1990s , Lambert , who will celebrate her 42nd wedding anniversary this year , could n't help but compare the differences . "  Looking at our prom photos , for us , they were just a fill-in moment , " she said . "  My daughter had the limo , the dress , all that . I suppose it meant something more to her . " There are always people who see the prom as preparation for life 's next big event . Persephone Taylor Gary and her boyfriend went fabric shopping so his tie and pocket square would match her long , white dress . But then his mother grounded him "  for life " for breaking curfew , preventing him from attending the Miami Northwestern Senior High School prom . "  I was like , ` Really ? My prom is in two weeks , ' " she said . "  I was scrambling . " Luckily , she had someone in mind , a junior who had struck up a conversation with her while she kept stats for the baseball team . She told him she had a boyfriend but they still hit it off and exchanged numbers . "  I called him up and said I have no date . He pounced on that opportunity to take me , " she said . Her boyfriend did n't see the stand-in as a threat , but little did he know that after that night , his girlfriend and her new date would be "  inseparable , " said Taylor , who shared her story on iReport . She broke up with her boyfriend a week later and started dating Britt Taylor . The two parted ways when she went to college , but reconnected seven years later and married soon after . The theme of their wedding ? A starry decor to match the theme of their prom . "  I think that the way that Britt and I met and the way things transpired was kind of magical and I thought it was worth recreating , " she said . "  Everything was kinda serendipitous ... after four years of passing each other in school and nothing and then that one day sitting on the bench , and then my boyfriend getting grounded , it really just happened very magically . " For many couples , prom is the first major milestone in the relationship , and the image from that night is a marker of their growing dedication to one another . Katherine Steele and her boyfriend , Tom , attended his senior prom in 1995 at Renton High School in Seattle ; the next year , the Marine Corps reservist was wearing a uniform in the picture from her senior prom . She keeps the images in a cedar chest that has accompanied the family on each of their 12 moves since they married in 1997 . The chest and all the keepsakes it contains are a testament to their devotion to each other , said Steele , who shared her story on iReport . "  It 's like a snapshot of who we were at that time in our lives , " she said . "  The first one is when we started dating and with each one you can see how much he changed and I changed . And , despite all the changes in work or military moves or 9/11 , you change together and make it work . " For nearly 29 years , Cecelia Owens regarded her prom picture with the boy in the homely suit as a symbol of love lost . No matter who Owens was with , and even when she was married , she always compared her partner to the person in that photo . "  I guess I hoped that maybe one day we 'd get back together , so I never let that go , " she said . "  I kept that part of him inside me . " Her dream came true last year , when she reconnected with him in their hometown of Opp , Alabama , 29 years after she broke up with him for someone else . "  I said I could just be seeing an old friend or sparking up an old flame , " she said . "  We spent eight hours talking that day and have been together ever since . " The pair married in January in Panama City , Florida , where Owens lives . Now , she 's getting ready to move back to Alabama to be with him . That old photo became a symbol of what 's possible . "  We both feel that if we had not gone through the experiences we went through , we might not have stayed together . We now know the mistakes we made with other people and we 're not going make them with each other . We 're committed to making this work for the rest of our lives , " said Owens , who shared her story on iReport . "  To end up with your prom date and know that the end of my life will be as good as the beginning is more than I could have ever dreamed of . "	This prom season , expect dresses , limos , dinners -- and , like always , photos . Photographer Mary Ellen Mark 's new book , "  Prom , " includes images from proms around U.S. iReporters share stories of finding true love in their prom dates
EW.com  -- Considering the deep bench of A-list talent involved , Ridley Scott 's new Southwestern noir , "  The Counselor , " is a jaw-dropping misfire . The dialogue is laughably pretentious , the plotting is virtually nonexistent , and the performances are so broad and cartoony that you keep wondering if it 's all some sort of prank . Reteaming with Ridley Scott after the disappointing "  Prometheus , " Michael Fassbender stars as a smooth , naive lawyer operating in the moral gray zone along the border between Texas and Mexico . It 's a godforsaken land where drugs are cheap and life is cheaper . After years defending crooked clients there , Fassbender 's " Counselor " finds all of the easy money too tempting to resist . So he sells his soul and saddles up with a ring of flashy bad guys for a big drug-smuggling score . Box office preview : ` Bad Grandpa ' ready to take down ` Gravity ' There 's Javier Bardem as Reiner , a spiky haired playboy who looks like he picked his wardrobe from a Siegfried and Roy yard sale ; Brad Pitt as Westray , a charismatically mysterious stringy-haired hood who speaks in cryptic riddles ; and Cameron Diaz as Malkina , a sex-crazed harpy covered in tattooed spots to match her pet cheetahs .  This is the film 's subtle idea of character development . For all of her man-eating efforts in the film , Diaz is punished with one of the most wince-inducing scenes in years -- a spread-eagle masturbation spectacle performed on the hood of Bardem 's yellow Ferrari that I 'd say has to be seen to be believed . But I would n't want to encourage anyone to cough up ten bucks to sit through it . If the film 's posse of ethically shady villains seems right out of a bad Cormac McCarthy novel , that 's because it more or less is . "  The Counselor " is the celebrated bard of the borderland 's first feature-film screenplay . And as Fassbender 's drug deal goes sour , putting his fiance  Penlope Cruz  in harm 's way , he 's forced to listen to a lot of poorly-sketched characters wander on screen and deliver stilted metaphorical speeches about greed and the evil that men do . ` Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit ' pushed to January All of this may have seemed fine and dandy on the page . But I suspect that McCarthy is about to find out the hard way that writing novels and writing screenplays are two very different things . In "  No Country For Old Men , " the Coen brothers wisely stripped the author 's doomed tough-guy dialogue and injected it with a stiff dose of harrowing naturalism . But operating on his own here , McCarthy 's unchecked macho arias leave you sitting there slack-jawed , wondering if he has any idea how people talk in real life . Scott does n't do him any favors either . The director surrounds the garishly painted characters in excessive dollops of glitzy opulence , hammer-to-the-skull symbolism , and sex scenes that are as embarrassing as they are un-erotic -- the film 's paranoid view of women comes off as downright Neanderthal . I suppose the only good thing than can be said of a movie as bad as "  The Counselor " is that its existence is a reminder of just how right Hollywood usually gets it . Big honking bombs as bad as this one are like solar eclipses . Rare and not to be looked at directly . Grade : D + See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Despite the A-list roster , "  The Counselor " is a misfire Ridley Scott directed the film , which was written by Cormac McCarthy The reviewer found the dialogue pretentious and the plotting "  nonexistent " Critic : "  You keep wondering if it 's all some sort of prank . "
Washington  CNN  -- When Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy of New York unveiled their bill Monday to regulate the online and mail-order sale of ammunition , they did so in a state most friendly to Democrats -- New York . But across the country , voters might not be as receptive . Gun control can be seen as political quicksand for Democratic lawmakers . Lautenberg and McCarthy , whose husband was killed and son was injured in a 1993 mass shooting on the Long Island Rail Road , said their bill will help crack down on people anonymously stockpiling ammunition bought through the Internet . Colorado police said the alleged shooter in Aurora this month purchased thousands of rounds of ammunition online . Still , when it comes to gun policy , many congressional Democrats have "  decided to keep quiet and not go there , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . They remember the 1990s , when President Bill Clinton was able to push through Congress an assault weapons ban and a required waiting period before purchasing handguns . But that move led to a fractious debate over gun policy that , following the Columbine shootings in 1999 , ultimately helped sink Vice President Al Gore 's chances of winning the 2000 election , in part because of problems persuading white , rural and blue collar voters to pick him , Lizotte said . "  You can push  gun control  through , then bam , Gore loses , " Lizotte said . "  Politically , I think that was a big mistake for  Clinton  . He got it through , and his constituency was happy with him . But it had consequences ... it kills you down the line . " Chastened congressional Democrats , especially those in competitive districts and their leaders , have since given the issue of gun policy wide berth . Even President Barack Obama steered clear of gun rights in his speech in the aftermath of the 2009 Fort Hood shooting and last year after six people were killed during an assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , in Tucson . Obama mentioned gun safety only in passing after the Tucson shootings to describe the polarizing nature of the issue . Top House and Senate leaders are judiciously sidestepping the issue , even after Obama brought it up during his recent remarks on the movie theater shootings . "  With the schedule we have , we 're not going to get into the debate on gun control , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , told CNN . "  But I 'm very happy , I 'm glad the president made the statement because it 's something that needs to be done . But we 're not going to address gun control . " It would be politically unwise to do so , political experts say , especially during a fierce battle for control of the Senate . With 51 seats , Senate Democrats hold a narrow majority . Senate Republicans have 47 seats and independents -- Bernie Sanders and Joe Lieberman -- tend to vote with Democrats . Party leaders on both sides are watching close Senate races in Virginia and Massachusetts . Democrats are facing tough re-election contests in Missouri and Montana , and there are two open Senate races Nebraska and North Dakota . Three of those states -- Missouri , Montana and North Dakota -- also rank among the highest for the number of background checks for guns , according to a 2010 analysis by the Daily Beast . The report compared 18 months worth of data from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System and compared that with state 's population data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2009 estimates to gain a glimpse at the states that are "  the most armed . " According to the analysis , the 10 states with the highest number of background checks for guns voted for Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain in the 2008 presidential election . The 10 states with the least number of checks voted for Barack Obama . "  You can have a guy who plays well in North Dakota , but if the Republicans paint him as somebody that ... allows liberals on East Coast to take away your gun rights ...  he could run into problems  , " Lizotte said . "  So the leadership has to say ` we 're not playing that kind of game ' . " Talking about gun policy in those states could alienate the types of voters who are motivated to cast ballots based on a single issue . Those who fight hardest for gun ownership tend to be very vocal , single-issue voters , said Jon Vernick , an associate professor and co-director at Johns Hopkins ' Center for Gun Policy and Research , while those who favor stricter control tend to have a range of issues they 're pushing . "  The questions for Democrats is whether support for gun violence prevention would truly harm their support among people who might not have voted for them anyway , " Vernick said . There 's also little political incentive for those in tough congressional races to talk about gun policy since several national polls suggest voters are against stricter gun laws , and there 's actually been a downturn both in the number of people owning guns overall and gun violence , said Kristin A. Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America . " For example , a Pew Research Center poll conducted in April , found that 55 % of independent voters feel it is "  more important to protect gun ownership than to control guns , " with 40 % saying controlling gun ownership is more important . The poll also found that 72 % of Republicans feel protecting gun ownership is important , while 27 % of Democrats feel that way . Those who advocate stricter gun control lost the messaging battle long ago , Goss said . "  Historically the pro-control side has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative that will help people come over to the case of stricter gun control laws , " Goss said . "  For a long time , these gun violence rates and massacres spoke for themselves . They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful and very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart . " They are also skilled at how they target their campaign contributions . For example , during the 2010 midterm elections , fiscally moderate Blue Dog Democrats in tough re-election fights represented roughly half of the top 20 recipients of contributions from the National Rifle Association , according to data collected by the campaign-finance website OpenSecrets.org . The candidates -- many of whom hail from rural regions in Southern and Western states where gun ownership is deeply cherished -- each received nearly $ 10,000 from the NRA that year . In 2008 , only one Democrat made the top 20 list , Florida Democrat Tim Mahoney , who netted an NRA endorsement and contested the constitutionality of the District of Columbia 's gun ban in a Supreme Court brief . He received $ 12,400 . This year so far , only three Democrats made the top 20 list and received donations of roughly $ 5,000 . All three either lost primaries or retired , out of the running for the fall election . Still , in New York , Lautenberg and McCarthy know the political reality , but they see their fight as bigger than politics . "  It 's one thing to buy a pair of shoes online , " Lautenberg told reporters Monday . "  But it should take more than a click of the mouse to amass thousands of rounds of ammunition . " CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report	Bill aims to curb online ammo sales , though election losses make Democrats hesitant High stakes races make it unlikely for Democrats to wade into gun policy debate Gun ownership advocates in competitive states are vocal and will vote on a single issue The NRA tends to support Democrats who vocally fight for gun rights
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- India offered another $ 20 million in aid to its neighbor and rival Pakistan on Tuesday , but an official in the flood-ravaged country said he has no knowledge of the aid . Abdul Basit , spokesman for Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry , said Tuesday he is not aware of such an offer by India . Basit said India was formally notified that Pakistan would accept an earlier offer of $ 5 million through the United Nations -- but not directly from India . He said Pakistan did not accept the aid directly from India because "  that is our government 's policy . " However , Basit said , Pakistan has received aid directly from other countries . The world community has geared up to help Pakistan recover from the devastating floods . More than 1,600 people have died in the colossal tragedy , according to the country 's disaster authority , and at least 17 million Pakistanis have been affected . In the United States , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton encouraged donations to the Pakistan Relief Fund In television and radio public service announcements released by the Ad Council on Tuesday . The new PSAs , which include television and radio spots and Web banners , urge audiences to visit www.state.gov , where they can make donations . "  Now is a time for our shared humanity to move us to help . That is why the United States government through the Department of State has established the Pakistan Relief Fund for all Americans to join in this tremendous relief , recovery and reconstruction effort , " Clinton says in the message . The money will go toward U.S. government programs or to give money to international programs focused on relief , recovery and reconstruction efforts in Pakistan . Daniel Feldman , deputy to the special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , told reporters on Monday that the flood crest is reaching the Indian Ocean , but it may take weeks to determine what Pakistan will need to recover , and "  we calculate that the needs are going to be absolutely vast . " "  The good news at this point is is that in most places waters are no longer rising but are finally receding , " Feldman said . He also said that the United States is planning to deploy 18 more helicopters to supplement the 15 already there . He said that , in addition to some $ 200 million in aid pledged by the U.S. government , American companies are providing assistance -- including $ 1 million from Coca Cola and $ 1 million and dried food items from Sheraton , $ 1 million from BP , and $ 600,000 in cash and water purification tablets from Procter & Gamble . The U.N. World Health Organization said this week that health services are a priority for humanitarian agencies , as many of those affected by the floods need treatment for diarrhea , skin infections , respiratory problems and malaria . WHO said about 400 of the more than 1,000 health facilities in flood-affected regions have been damaged or destroyed , and it could take months before such facilities can be rebuilt or restored . About 3.7 million people were reported to have received some medical treatment from July 29 to August 23 . . "  Of those , 500,000 were cases of acute diarrhoea , 517,000 involved acute respiratory infections , there were 693,000 cases of skin infections and 94,000 suspected cases of malaria , " the United.Nations said .	An earlier offer via U.N. was OK 'd by Pakistan U.S. ramps up an ad campaign Health care is a major priority
American warplanes pounded extremist Sunni fighters in northern Iraq on Saturday in what officials described as an effort to defend minority Yazidis "  being indiscriminately attacked , " strikes that came just as President Barack Obama warned of an extended air campaign against the terror group . The series of airstrikes began with a mix of fighter jets and drones that targeted militants firing on Yazidis near the town of Sinjar , where fighters with the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , forced tens of thousands into hiding on nearby Sinjar Mountain . The airstrikes were the first in the Sinjar area since Obama authorized targeted attacks to protect Americans and Iraqi minorities from an ISIS advance threatening the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . News of the latest round of airstrikes came as Obama declined to provide a timetable for U.S. airstrikes and humanitarian aid drops in Iraq . "  I do n't think we 're going to solve this problem in weeks , " the President told reporters in televised remarks , while at the same time reiterating a vow that no U.S. combat troops will join the fight . Given that Iraqi security forces still need time to ramp up and Iraqi politicians need space to form to form a more inclusive government to whittle Sunni support for ISIS , "  this is going to be a long-term project , " Obama said from the White House South Lawn . The airstrikes on Saturday began at about 11:20 a.m. ET , with the targeting of two ISIS armored personnel carriers  APCs  firing on Yazidis , according to a statement released by the U.S. Central Command . Another two rounds of airstrikes were carried out about 20 minutes later after more ISIS vehicles , primarily APCs , moved into the area , the statement said . A fourth round of airstrikes was carried out more than three hours later when U.S. aircraft struck another ISIS armored vehicle , it said . At the same time , health and civil defense officials said U.S. warplanes targeted ISIS fighters near the town of Makhmur , where the group has been launching attacks on the outskirts of Irbil . The Pentagon declined to comment on the claims by Iraqi health and civil defense officials in Mosul , who told CNN the airstrikes killed at least 16 of the fighters . ` Running out of time ' Meanwhile , the UK and France has said it will join the United States in humanitarian airdrops for hundreds of thousands of Iraqis on the run ahead of a brutal ISIS advance . On Saturday , the United States carried out another round of airdrops . Three cargo aircraft -- supported by U.S. fighter jets -- dropped 3,804 gallons of fresh drinking water and 16,128 ready-to-eat meals , the military said . But a United Nations official said airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops are n't enough for the estimated 40,000 minority Yazidis , who are trapped on Mount Sinjar and hiding from ISIS fighters who have said they will kill the group . Only about 100 to 150 people a day have been able to be airlifted by Iraqi security forces off the mountain , said Marizio Babille of UNICEF . "  We are running out of time for thousands who can obviously not be reached by these airdrops , " he said , adding that UNICEF is appealing for the international support to open and secure "  a humanitarian corridor over land . " Dozens , including 60 children , according to UNICEF have died on the mountain where the Yazidis are battling extreme temperatures and a lack of food and water . American planes also have twice dropped food and other supplies to thousands of Yazidis , members of a minority group that fled to a northern Iraqi mountain after ISIS militants overran their town , Obama said Saturday . U.S. aircraft are poised to strike ISIS militants who have surrounded the mountain , Obama said . Any such strikes would support Kurdish forces ' efforts to free the Yazidis , he said . The airstrikes have ramped up America 's involvement in Iraq where ISIS is seizing control of towns and key infrastructure even as it celebrates its own slaughter along the way . The United States has hundreds of military personnel in Iraq , including advisers sent in recent weeks to coordinate with Iraqi and Kurdish military officials in response to the ISIS rampage . The USS George H.W. Bush and other Navy ships also are in the region . Obama indicated Saturday the United States ' interests in targeting ISIS went well beyond protecting U.S. personnel and Iraqi minorities . "  My team has been vigilant ... about foreign fighters and jihadists gathering in Syria and now Iraq , who might potentially launch attacks outside of the region against Western targets and U.S. targets , " he said . "  So there 's going to be a counterterrorism element that we are already preparing for and have been working diligently on for a long time now . " Obama : Iraq 's ethnic groups need to unite Asked Saturday if Obama felt ISIS had been underestimated , the President said the advance of the Sunni Islamic extremists has been "  more rapid " than intelligence officials and policymakers , both inside and outside Iraq , had predicted . But he said ISIS ' advance was made possible in part by the lack of an inclusive and functioning Iraqi government . The government forces , "  when they  were  far away from Baghdad , did not have the incentive or the capacity to hold ground against an aggressive adversary , " Obama said . To secure their country , Iraqis will need to build an inclusive government , Obama said , in an apparent dig at Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government . Iraq 's Sunni minority have bitterly complained of being marginalized and cut out of the political process by al-Maliki 's government . The height of that marginalization coincided with months of deadly sectarian fighting throughout the country , and preceded ISIS ' rout of Iraqi security forces in Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , earlier this year . Michael Rubin , a Middle East analyst with the conservative American Enterprise Institute , cautioned Saturday that even if al-Maliki 's government would have been more inclusive , ISIS still would have been a problem . "  No matter how magnanimous Maliki could have been in an ideal world , it would have meant nothing to ISIS , many of whose members are n't even Iraqi . Sometimes there 's no magic diplomatic formula , " Rubin , a Pentagon official under former President George W. Bush , told CNN . One unanswered question , according to James Jeffrey , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq from 2010 to 2012 , is what the United States would do if the Iraqi government and moderate elements ca n't muster the political and military capability to take on ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Map : Where is ISIS ? Militants using U.S.-made weapons Even as the airstrikes were under way , there was news that ISIS militants captured Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , just north of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . According to a senior Kurdish official , the militant fighters have been using U.S.-made weapons seized during fighting from the Iraqi army , including M1 Abrams tanks . There had been conflicting reports about who controlled the dam on the Tigris River , with heavy fighting under way between ISIS fighters and Kurdish forces , known as Peshmerga . U.S. officials have warned that a failure of the dam would be catastrophic , resulting in flooding all the way to Baghdad . In other fighting , an Iraqi airstrike killed 45 ISIS fighters and injured 60 Friday in the northern town of Sinjar , the country 's state-run National Media Center said . ISIS militants have executed people who do n't share their fanatical interpretation of Sunni Islam . The group posts videos of its savagery to the Internet . One shows a Christian man forced to his knees , surrounded by masked militants , identified in the video as members of ISIS . They force the man at gunpoint to "  convert " to Islam . Then , the group beheads him . Another shows ISIS militants placing severed heads on spikes to strike terror in the population .	U.S. cargo planes carrying out another airdrop of water and food , the military says A series of airstrikes targets ISIS fighters attacking Yazidis , officials say The airstrikes are the first in the Sinjar area since ISIS forced thousands to flee No timetable for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq , Obama says
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- The tornado that struck Joplin , Missouri , Sunday killed 124 people , authorities said Tuesday , in what was the deadliest single U.S. tornado since modern record-keeping began 61 years ago . An estimated 750 people have been treated at area hospitals , said Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr , who told residents of the tornado-ravaged town to be prepared in case a new wave of destructive storms strikes . A tornado warning was issued , then canceled , Tuesday night for Joplin . The storm involved likely will pass well north of the city , said forecasters . They predicted Joplin could still get hit by strong wind gusts of more than 70 miles per hour . On a brighter note , rescue workers pulled two more people alive from the rubble within the last 24 hours , Rohr said . Also Tuesday , forecasters raised their assessment of the Sunday storm , ranking it at the top of the scale used to rate tornadoes . The National Weather Service has determined the twister packed top winds of more than 200 mph , making it a 5 on the enhanced Fujita scale , said Bill Davis , the meteorologist who reviewed the damage . Davis said the tornado left "  about six miles of total destruction " in its wake . Examinations of some of the buildings destroyed or damaged convinced forecasters to raise the designation , he said . Roughly 8,000 structures within the city of Joplin were damaged , Rohr said , citing a Federal Emergency Management Agency report . A previous estimate had put the number of buildings damaged or destroyed at 2,000 . Among the dead in Joplin were 10 residents and a staff member at a nursing home , a company official said . Two other staffers at Greenbriar Nursing Home are in critical condition at a hospital , said the home 's vice president , Bill Mitchell . Of the other 79 residents of the home , all but one are accounted for , he said . Only rubble remains and survivors have been moved to temporary housing or are with family members . "  It just looks like a war zone , " said Eddie Atwood in a CNN iReport from the scene . From where he stood , Atwood said , "  You could see all the way to the horizon because all the houses and all the trees were just leveled . " "  I was walking down Main Street . Everything was so razed over , it was disorienting because some of the streets -- you could n't even tell where you were at . After living in Joplin all my life it was like living in the twilight zone . " Joplin is not in the clear yet as far as weather goes : The National Weather Service warned there is a chance of another tornado outbreak -- with the peak time ending at midnight Tuesday -- over a wide swath including parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Nebraska and Missouri . Already Tuesday evening , at least four people were killed and many more injured when a deadly string of tornadoes and thunderstorms cut through central Oklahoma , officials said . Joplin Police Chief Lane Roberts said the city was imposing a curfew Tuesday night in areas struck by the tornado to head off the threat of looting . "  The sole function is to reduce the opportunity for people to loot and steal , and we 're hoping the folks who live in that area will cooperate with us , " he said . President Barack Obama announced he will visit the region on Sunday . "  We are going to do absolutely everything we can to make sure they recover , " he said during a visit to London . Obama added that he will let people know "  the whole country is going to be behind them . " "  We are here for you . We 're going to stay by you , " Obama said . Richard Serino , the second-highest-ranking official at the Federal Emergency Management Agency , said Monday that Obama had issued a disaster declaration -- expediting the dispersal of federal resources to the area -- while vowing that "  we are going to be here for the long haul . " City Manager Rohr told reporters Tuesday that more than 40 agencies were on the ground in the southwest Missouri city , and two first responders were struck by lightning Monday as they braved relentless rain and high wind searching for survivors . "  One , fortunately , walked away from it ; the other one 's still in the hospital , last I heard , " Joplin Emergency Management Director Keith Stammer said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " About 1,500 people are still unaccounted for . But "  when we open up the area and start letting them come back in ... that number of unaccounted for will start to dwindle , " Stammer said . Many of those 1,500 have scattered because of tornado damage and communication problems . Joplin Fire Chief Mitch Randles said the second search and rescue effort basically follows the tornado 's path . "  We 're searching every structure that 's been damaged or destroyed in a more in-depth manner , " he said . "  The third search is going to be similar to that . And then the fourth search through will be with the search-and-rescue dogs . " Authorities encouraged people to use the website safeandwell.org , operated by the Red Cross , for updates on loved ones . Some residents said the tornado struck suddenly . "  It all happened so fast , " Rachael Neff said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Tuesday . "  It seemed like forever but it happened very fast . " "  We had a few minutes ' warning . I 've never taken any of the warnings seriously but something snapped in me and I put blankets and pillows in the bathroom . We were running to the bathroom . You could hear the home shaking , everything busting out . " Neff , her fiance , Zac Bronson , and her toddler prayed , screamed and survived . "  We 've had a tremendous support system . Our employers , friends and family have been more than helpful and we move on and rebuild . We just start another life . We started a new life , " Bronson said . By Monday night , officials found 17 people alive . But many , including Will Norton , remain missing . The 18-year-old was driving home from his high school graduation Sunday when the tornado destroyed the Hummer H3 he and his father were in . "  We were in a separate car . We were about 30 seconds in front of them , one block , " Norton 's sister , Sara , told CNN . "  My dad called and he said , ` Open the garage door . ' ... And then I just heard him say , ` Pull over , Will . Pull over . ' And then they started flipping . " "  My dad said -- when my dad gained consciousness , he said that he saw my brother -- his seat belt snapped and he was ejected through the sunroof , " she added . The family has been tracking a "  Help Find Will Norton " Facebook page and pursuing leads on his whereabouts . Norton 's aunt , Tracey , said the family received a tip that the teen was listed on a local hospital 's emergency room roster -- but she 's not sure where he is now . "  They transferred him , but we 're not sure where he was transferred , " the aunt said . "  When he was transferred , he was alive . We do n't know anything other than that . " The tornado that carved through the city of about 50,000 on Sunday is the deadliest to hit American soil since the National Weather Service began keeping records 61 years ago . The National Weather Service notes seven deadlier twisters , but says those took place "  before the years of comprehensive damage surveys , " so they may have been the result of multiple tornadoes . But the Weather Service does say that the Great Tri-State Tornado of 1925 , which tore across southeast Missouri , southern Illinois and southwest Indiana , killed 695 people -- "  a record for a single tornado . " A 1953 twister in Flint , Michigan , killed 116 people , according to the Weather Service . Last month , two fatal twisters struck Alabama . One hit Hackleburg and the town of Phil Campbell , killing 78 people , and another struck Tuscaloosa and Birmingham , killing 61 . With crews still sifting through rubble , the death toll could continue to climb . "  I think the more time that goes by , the more I feel sick about it , " Sarah Hale , a lifelong Joplin resident , said Tuesday . "  These people are cold and sick and stuck . As the days go on , and the death toll goes up , how many funerals are we going to go to ? " Joplin Mayor Mike Woolston said Monday night that his community has n't given up . "  We hope that there are people alive . We have a number of apartment buildings , complexes that are almost completely flattened . So we anticipate finding more people , and hopefully we 'll get there in time to find them alive , " he said . The tornado chewed through a densely populated area of the city , eliminating a high school and making a direct hit on one of the two hospitals in the city . Woolston pledged not to let the tornado ruin his city . "  This is just not the type of community that 's going to let a little F-4 tornado kick our ass . So we will rebuild , and we will recover . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Joe Sutton , Greg Botelho , Holly Yan , Marlena Baldacci , Mike Pearson , Jessica Jordan , Sean Morris and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado warning is issued , then canceled , for Joplin Roughly 8,000 structures sustained damage within the city 750 people were treated at hospitals , an estimated 1,500 people are still unaccounted for The Sunday tornado was an EF-5 storm with top winds of more than 200 mph
CNN  Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday , suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria , the Turkish military said on its website . The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 , a Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity . The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border , the Turkish military said . It did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria , which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between Syrian government forces and Islamist extremist groups and other rebels . Among the war 's combatants is ISIS , which has taken over parts of Syria and Iraq for what it claims is its Islamic caliphate , and which is known to have been recruiting Westerners . Accompanying the children were three men and two women ; all nine had British passports , the Turkish official said . UK police charge man with terror offenses after Turkey trip The British Foreign Office said Wednesday that it is aware of reports of the arrests and that it is seeking information about the incident from Turkish authorities . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and Elaine Ly reported from London . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	The group included four children , Turkish official says Turkish military did n't say what group 's intent was UK Foreign Office says it is trying to get information from Turkish officials
CNN  It could be a family affair for the Williams sisters at the Australian Open . If Serena and Venus Williams -- who have combined to tally 25 majors -- both win their quarterfinals Wednesday , they 'll meet at a grand slam for the first time since the Wimbledon final in 2009 . But Monday was already a day of ` firsts ' for Venus Williams , whose career has been hindered by the autoimmune disorder Sjogren 's Syndrome . When the 34-year-old beat sixth-seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-3 2-6 6-1 , she ensured a quarterfinal berth at a grand slam for the first time in five years . Further it was her first top-10 win at a major since downing Italy 's Francesca Schiavone at the 2010 U.S. Open . "  Of course , I want to be playing deep in all my events , " Venus Williams told reporters . "  Everybody wants that . But it really just does n't happen every time for everyone . "  Now is my moment and I want to keep this moment going all year and then next year , too . That will take work . " But reaching the quarterfinals in Melbourne wo n't be enough for her . She still has the game and belief , she said , to go even deeper . "  I feel like I 've been here before , so it 's not like I 'm jumping up and down for joy , ` Oh , shoot , what is this ? I 've never done this , ' " she continued . "  Yes , I 've done this . This is what I 'm always going into each tournament thinking I want to do , even when I fall short . "  It 's definitely not the first time . I guess that 's how I feel . " Serena Williams cheered on her sibling from the players ' box during the victory over Radwanska and said following her own win over Garbine Muguruza that she was still inspired by Venus . "  She 's a big influence , obviously , " said Serena . "  The way she 's playing , her confidence exudes and permeates to me . It 's a really good feeling . "	Serena and Venus Williams both won at the Australian Open Monday It 's the first time they 're into the last eight together at a major since 2010 They 'll meet in the semifinals if they win their quarterfinals
