CNN  -- The only tinge of regret Alison Yu Chui Yee has from another prodigious Paralympic campaign is that she did n't take a leaf out of Usain Bolt 's book . Another two fencing gold medals at London 2012 took her tally to seven overall , enhancing her reputation of one of Hong Kong 's greatest ever Paralympians , and she had planned to premiere her very own signature pose at the apex of her latest triumph . But the 28-year-old , who jokes she only took up fencing because she was promised there would be plenty of "  handsome guys " on show , missed the chance to showcase her own version of the Jamaican sprinter 's move because she was too immersed in battle . "  I watched the Beijing Olympics and saw so many champions when they won try to do so many signature postures , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I did think ` What should I do if I get the gold medal in Beijing ? Should I kiss the blade or hug the coach ? ' "  Finally  when I  knew that I won , I just took off my mask with a facial expression that my friend said looked like I had just woken up because I was still concentrating ! " Her celebrations might need some work but Yu 's pedigree in the noble art of fencing is indisputable . Diagnosed with bone cancer in her left leg at the age of 11 , Yu eventually had to have part of it removed . After making the move to fencing from swimming , she was instantly transfixed , rising through the ranks to make her Olympic debut at Athens , Greece , in 2004 , aged just 20 . The sport , based on attack and defense with swords , has a heritage that some claim dates back as far as 1200 BC , due to the discovery of several ancient Egyptian carvings detailing duels involving combatants with blades and wearing masks for protection . After being enticed along to her first lesson by a friend who promised a bevy of attractive men to look at , Yu was transfixed . "  In the very first lesson , I did n't see any handsome guys but I felt fencing was so cool because the costume is all in white and you have to wear a mask . It 's just so mysterious . It reminded me of the movie ` The Mask of Zorro . ' "  After that I found fencing does not only have a good appearance , but also the strategy and the technique is very interesting . You have to use your physical strength together with your mental strength . I think it is so challenging and I love it . " Fencing remains one of only four sports to have featured in every modern Olympic Games since 1896 but Yu 's first thought when she arrived at the world 's biggest sporting event at the age of 20 was about hamburgers , not history . "  I was so excited , " she explained . "  Everything was just so new to me . "  I heard there 's a restaurant open 24 hours and a fast food shop which you can take all the food that you want free of charge . I could n't wait to eat so many hamburgers ! " That excitement was also transmitted to Yu 's performance as she bagged a gold medal in all four of her events in 2004 , both as an individual and as part of the Hong Kong team in the epee and foil categories , which use different blades and scoring systems . Wheelchair fencing sees athletes compete in a chair that is fixed into a frame and fastened to the floor . Points are scored by landing a blow with the tip of your sword on an opponent in epee and foil . Yu excelled in both fields of combat . She 's taken part in nine fencing events in her Paralympic career to date winning seven golds , one silver and one bronze . After the relative disappointment of winning only one gold in Beijing , where she had to settle for silver in the epee , Yu bounced back to win both her individual events at London 2012 despite a difficult preparation working with a new coach -- during which she had contemplated quitting the sport . "  I was so depressed . I 'm quite an optimistic girl , and I can hardly imagine that I cried a lot at that time . After training I would just go back to the room and cry because I did n't know what I was doing and the training atmosphere was just not very good . " However , cheered by her teammates and helped with her training by able-bodied fencing colleagues , she got back in the groove and had a successful Games , also winning bronze in a team event . "  When I came back , I just bought them a very big meal and shared my happiness with them . " Yu 's record makes her one of Hong Kong 's most successful Paralympians , and that fact leaves her bursting with pride . "  Whenever I see the Hong Kong flag is flying in the sky , not because of anybody else , because of my efforts , I think it 's the most proud time of my life , " Yu said . "  I was the first female fencer in Hong Kong who captured four gold medals in the Paralympic Games  in Athens  . "  When I came back to Hong Kong , so many reporters and journalists were waiting for us and interviewing us , and I thought ` Wow , I just looked like a Hollywood star ! ' "  I am so proud of being a Paralympian because I think the Games are a very good platform for disabled persons to perform themselves . "  Within the Paralympics movement , it 's not just talk about excellence , it 's not just talk about the competition , it 's also talk about the equality and how your world accepts those disabled people . " Yu 's infectious character explains why she 's had little difficulty in overcoming the treacherous obstacles that were placed in front of her at such an early age . A dedicated , passionate athlete , away from fencing she is relentlessly positive , something that has driven her through cancer and onto a clutch of gold medals . "  When I had bone cancer , I was just 11 years old . I think my parents suffered a lot because they worried about my health , my life , so much , " she said . "  For me , it was quite bad feeling during the treatment . But I quite enjoyed staying in the hospital because so many kids played with me . "  Every time when I talk about this memory , my mom scolds me because she says , ` Come one , no one like hospital life , only you . ' "  I think the most important thing for your life is the way you interpret things . Having an optimistic point of view is so important -- your life will be so bright . "	Fencer Alison Yu Chui Yee has seven Paralympic gold medals to her name The 28-year-old from Hong Kong had part of her leg amputated when she was 11 Yu says she forgot to strike a signature pose after winning gold in London Yu : "  I think the most important thing for your life , is the way you interpret things "
CNN  -- Nearly six years after he escaped from prison , one of the U.S. Marshals Service 's 15 Most Wanted fugitives has been extradited from Mexico and returned to that same prison , according to the federal agency . Convicted child killer Edward Salas was serving time for murder when he escaped from the Curry County Detention Center in Clovis , New Mexico , in 2008 . At the time of his escape , Salas was serving a life sentence plus 56 years for his role in the murder of a 10-year-old boy , the Marshals Service said in a press release issued Saturday . Mexican authorities arrested Salas in October 2012 on a U.S. provisional arrest request . The Marshals Service worked closely with the Curry County District Attorney 's office , Mexican authorities and the Department of Justice 's Office of International Affairs , which resulted in Salas ' return to Curry County on Saturday , according to the release . In 2005 Salas , with two of his brothers and two other people , planned to murder a teen named Ruben Perez in his home , reportedly in retaliation for an argument at Clovis High School . Instead , they killed the teen 's brother , Carlos Perez , who was sleeping in the same bedroom . Carlos Perez died the day before his 11th birthday , the Marshals Service said .	Edward Salas was convicted for his role in the 2005 murder of a 10-year-old in New Mexico He was serving a life sentence plus 56 years when he escaped , Marshal 's Service says Salas has been returned to the Curry County Detention Center
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France on Wednesday said accusations by Rwanda that French politicians and military officials helped prepare and carry out the 1994 Rwandan genocide are "  unacceptable . " Alain Juppe , French foreign minister during the Rwanda genocide , calls the report an attempt to re-write history . Rwanda 's Ministry of Justice released a report Tuesday detailing the alleged French role in the mass killings , which left 800,000 people dead in 100 days when Hutu extremists went on a rampage killing Tutsis and moderate Hutus . The report implicates 33 top French officials , including former French President Francois Mitterrand , and said French soldiers committed some of the killings . The report was compiled by an independent national commission in Rwanda . But France questioned the objectivity of the commission , which was formed to "  shed light on the role of France in the genocide of Tutsis in 1994 , " according to the Rwandan government 's Web site . There is no surprise in the conclusions of the commission given its mission , the French Foreign Ministry said in a statement . It also decried the contents of the report . "  There are , in this report , unacceptable accusations leveled against French politicians and the French military , " the Foreign Ministry said . Alain Juppe , who served as the French foreign minister at the time of the Rwandan massacres and who is named in the Rwandan report , said the panel 's findings are part of Rwanda 's efforts to "  re-write history . " "  We are witnessing for several years now an insidious attempt to re-write history , " the French newspaper Le Figaro quoted Juppe as writing on his blog in January . "  This effort 's  goal is to transform France into a party engaged in complicity in the genocide . This is an unacceptable falsification , " Juppe said in his blog , according to the article published Wednesday . "  During the time I was in charge of French diplomacy  April 1993 to May 1995  , we made every effort possible to help in the reconciliation of Rwandans . " The French Government said it has cooperated with the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and has arrested Rwandan suspects in French territories wanted in connection with the genocide . In addition to Mitterrand , the report also names former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin and Admiral Jacques Lanxade , who was army chief of staff from 1991 to 1995 . It says they worked with the then-Rwandan government to carry out the genocide . "  French soldiers themselves directly were involved in assassinations of Tutsis and Hutus accused of hiding Tutsis , " the report says . "  French soldiers committed many rapes , specifically with Tutsi women . " In announcing the findings of the independent commission on Rwandan television Tuesday , Justice Minister Tharcisse Karugarama said the report could be the basis for future legal action against former French politicians and military officials . In July , according to Le Figaro , Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to indict French officials in the matter unless European courts revoked arrest warrants issued against Rwandans named in the killings . The killings began April 7 , 1994 , the day after a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was shot out of the sky with a missile as it prepared to land in the Rwandan capital of Kigali . The United Nations says the genocide was "  highly organized , " with top government and ruling party officials playing a role . The United Nations says lists were drawn up of Tutsi and opposition leaders "  earmarked for assassination " before the genocide began . French forces deployed to Rwanda in June 1994 for a humanitarian mission dubbed Operation Turquoise . France says the operation established safe humanitarian zones to shelter the population and that troops allowed thousands of others to escape the fighting . The Rwandan report says it was during Operation Turquoise that the French soldiers took part in assassinations and rapes -- acts based solely , the report says , on account of the victims ' ethnicity .	France : Accusations of French role in Rwanda genocide are "  unacceptable " Rwandan report says French soldiers killed and raped in Rwanda Late President Mitterrand , former Prime Minister Villepin named in report 800,000 killed during 100-day rampage in 1994
CNN  -- These days , purveyors of luxury can go beyond owning , eating or imbibing their favorite brand ; they can live it . No longer content with selling a mere fraction of the lifestyle experience , an increasing number of high-end luxury companies have decided to open hotels , where their clients can eat , sleep and breathe the brand around the clock . Nobu Hospitality is the most recent company to join the fray . It 's the organization behind global Japanese restaurant chain Nobu , and it started taking reservations this past October for the first ever Nobu Hotel , set to open within Caesars Palace in Las Vegas come January 2013 . Soon to follow are locations in Riyadh , London , Bahrain and the Caribbean . Food will naturally be a key focus ; the Vegas hotel will host the company 's largest restaurant , at 12,000 square feet . The Nobu menu will be available from room service 24/7 , and the kitchen  open for breakfast and lunch  will offer more products , including green tea waffles and a Japanese take on bagels and lox . Mainly , though , the hotel is about increasing the company 's reach . "  Anybody who walks into a Nobu restaurant , we want to convert for ourselves , " says Trevor Horwell , chief executive at Nobu Hospitality . "  Once we open , we want it to go the other way around too . " Read related : Business or pleasure ? Luxury hotels offer day-only rooms Horwell says the plan to break into the hotel industry was born simply of the fact that in many of the other hotel chains that boast a Nobu , the restaurant is a major draw . "  We realized we were building other hotels ' brands , when what we should be doing is building our own , " he says . Hotels have become big business for luxury brands of late . Armani , Baccarat , Bulgari and Missoni have all made the transition to an industry that nominally , it would seem they know little about . "  Hotels are a great way to showcase the design identity of a brand , and to project a lifestyle that goes beyond products , " notes Silvio Ursini , the executive vice president of Bulgari Hotels & Resorts . Bulgari Hotels mimics the exclusivity of its design brand by limiting its room count . It reminds guests of its history by showcasing a mix of contemporary and classic Italian architecture , and by using vintage Bulgari designs to inspire some of the textiles and furnishings . Guests receive a more direct reminder of the brand inside their rooms , which each carry a Bulgari catalog . Still , Ursini admits , "  hotels are a very different and complicated business . " It helps , of course , to be partnered to a larger hotel chain . Bulgari Hotels and Resorts is a joint venture between Bulgari and the luxury division of Marriott International . Bulgari opened its first hotel in Milan in 2004 and now also has branches in Tokyo , Bali and , as of last summer , London . Read related : Marriott mogul on 55 years of change Similarly , Armani , which has literally taken the concept to new heights by opening its flagship hotel in Dubai 's towering Burj Khalifa  the tallest building on earth  , has partnered with Emirates-based Emaar Properties . "  When Mohamed Alabbar -LSB- chairman of Emaar Properties -RSB- introduced the idea to Giorgio Armani in 2005 , it immediately attracted his interest , as it offered him a genuine challenge , " recalls Jason Harding , the regional general manager at Armani Hotel Dubai . "  A hotel is an entity that goes beyond the confines of fashion . It 's something that will endure over time . " Like its competitors , Armani touts that hotels give them a better base from which to truly sell a lifestyle . "  In our hotels we offer something that in its own way equates perfectly with the spirit of Armani 's clothes , " says Harding . "  It is an approach to life : comfort , functionality , and aesthetics , all in perfect harmony . " The hotel even goes so far as to assign each guest their very own "  lifestyle manager , " a position that is best described as an Armani-clad personal concierge . Read related : 6 incredible luxury hotels in the Middle East Opening a high-end luxury hotel chain during a worldwide recession may seem like risky business -- especially as rooms do n't come cheap : rates at Nobu are upwards of $ 249 a night , Armani doubles start at $ 570 , while the Bulgari London charges $ 700 for a double room . Occupancy rates , however , have been high , according to the hoteliers . Bulgari London says it has been fully booked most nights since opening , while Armani has quoted its levels as "  healthy . " It 's a bit early to say for Nobu , which has only just started taking reservations , but so far , it is optimistic . Brand recognition , they all agree , is key in bringing in the bookings . "  Bulgari 's name is evocative of uncompromising luxury , " says Ursini . "  It is definitively shaping the customers ' choice . "	An increasing number of high-end luxury companies are opening hotels Restaurant brand Nobu is set to open its first hotel in Caesars Palace casino , Las Vegas Armani , Baccarat , Bulgari and Missoni have all transitioned to hotels
Washington  CNN  -- The NAACP has passed a resolution that condemns what it feels is rampant racism in the Tea Party movement . Members passed the measure on Tuesday at the organization 's 101st annual convention in Kansas City , Missouri . Tea Party activists have swiftly denounced the action as unfounded and unfair . The resolution pits the nation 's oldest civil rights organization , with its storied history of wins on behalf of racial justice , against a grassroots conservative movement that has won some recent political races and is flexing its muscle in Republican circles . "  We take no issue with the Tea Party . We believe in freedom of assembly and people raising their voices in a democracy , " Ben Jealous , president and CEO of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , said in a statement . "  We take issue with the Tea Party 's continued tolerance for bigotry and bigoted statements . The time has come for them to accept the responsibility that comes with influence and make clear there is no space for racism and anti-Semitism and other forms of bigotry in their movement , " Jealous said . Tea Party leaders reacted to the NAACP action with swift and angry derision . "  I am disinclined to take lectures on racial sensitivity from a group that insists on calling black people , ` Colored , ' " Mark Williams , national spokesman of the Tea Party Express , told CNN . "  The Tea Party -LSB- movement -RSB- is about the constitution of this country ... -LSB- and -RSB- ensuring equality for each and every individual human being . " Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a Tea Party favorite , said the charge from the NAACP is "  false , appalling , and is a regressive and diversionary tactic to change the subject at hand . " "  To be unjustly accused of association with what Reagan so aptly called that ` legacy of evil ' is a traumatizing experience , and one of which the honest , freedom-loving patriots of the Tea Party movement are truly undeserving , " she wrote in a posting on her Facebook page Tuesday night . Palin responds to allegations of Tea Party racism Palin said the only purpose of such an accusation is to dissuade Americans from joining the Tea Party , a movement she said is "  motivated by love of country and all that is good and honest about our proud and diverse nation . " But NAACP leaders feel there is ample evidence to prove Palin and others who deny there is racism in Tea Party are wrong . Hilary Shelton , director of the NAACP 's Washington bureau and senior vice president for advocacy and policy , laid out what the group feels is the proof during an interview with CNN . "  After observing Tea Party activities throughout the country -- which culminated with the outrageous and racist behavior of Tea Party activists during the historic congressional vote to pass into law comprehensive health care legislation -- the NAACP began more closely investigating the Tea Party . Specifically as it was reported to us that Tea Party activists spat on -LSB- Congressman -RSB- John Lewis , a veteran civil rights activist and associate to Dr. Martin Luther King , and called Congressman Emanuel Cleaver the ` N-word ' and called -LSB- Congressman -RSB- Barney Frank ... one of the first openly gay members of Congress , the ` F-word , ' " Shelton said . The NAACP also claims that Tea Party activists have engaged in racist behavior , for example , by waving signs that degrade African Americans and President Obama , in particular . Also , the NAACP says , a number of Tea Party members think that issues of importance to African Americans get too much attention . "  Rather than talking about the real issues of these incidents that have happened ... -LSB- activists -RSB- wind up blaming the messenger , " Shelton said . "  It seems like its denial ... that allows them to focus on themselves . " iReporter says Tea Party must address issue of racism Many Tea Party leaders have publicly denounced elements of prejudice . During a May 6 interview on ABC 's "  The View , " Amy Kremer , chairman of the Tea Party Express , pointedly looked into the camera and told any prejudiced followers , "  This is not a racist movement . We do n't want you here . Go away if that 's what you 're about . We 're about the fiscal issues and about being American . " Williams , the Tea Party Express spokesman , said , "  We 've had these people show up on the fringes of our group ... because we attract TV cameras . What these people all universally learn , the racist groups included , is that they 're not welcome . " Other Tea Party leaders also have publicly spoken out against racism in their movement . While Shelton acknowledged the effort from "  a few " leaders , she said the level of repudiation is not stopping displays of racism from many Tea Party followers . "  Not only are some elements of the Tea Party movement being resistant to that -LSB- message of repudiation -RSB- , but we 've seen some elements acting out , in some cases in a violently racist behavior . And that is what we want to see stop , " Shelton said . Shelton cited the movement 's loose-knit patchwork of small , local groups that might not toe the line of Tea Party leaders .	NAACP passes resolution blasting Tea Party for "  continued tolerance for bigotry " Tea Party activists denounce the action as unfounded and unfair Sarah Palin calls the charge a "  regressive and diversionary tactic " NAACP leader cites slurs directed at lawmakers during the health care vote
CNN  -- Jeremy Renner is now a married man . The actor 's rep confirms Renner has tied the knot with actress and model Sonni Pacheco . Renner , 43 , welcomed a daughter with Pacheco in March 2013 , but has kept their marriage quiet . He first revealed the news during a recent interview with Capitol File magazine . "  I have tried to protect my family 's privacy , my wife 's privacy . I do n't need her to get hammered with my life , " Renner explained about why he kept his marriage under wraps . "  Privacy issues are important because I want her to go about her day without being bothered . " While he 's not trying to publicize his wedded status , the "  Kill the Messenger " star and producer is n't trying to hide the news either . Renner was seen wearing a wedding band at a screening of his upcoming movie in Washington , D.C. , on Tuesday . As he told Capitol File magazine , Renner does n't mind being followed by the paparazzi . It 's just that "  it 's annoying being followed when I 'm with my family , " he went on . "  It 's not just me -- everyone -LSB- in Hollywood -RSB- has to deal with that . " Paparazzi stress aside , Renner added that he 's really taken to fatherhood . "  I really love being a father . The only thing that has changed is my perspective on things , " he said . "  I still work , probably even more . It used to be for myself so I 'm not old and broke . All these things I still do , but I do it now for the future of my baby , and if it gets in the way of her well-being , then I stop . "	Jeremy Renner confirms he 's married to the mother of his daughter The actor welcomed his first child with Sonni Pacheco in March 2013 He did n't say anything about the marriage to protect his family 's privacy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In 1994 , universal health care was a key policy plan for then-President Bill Clinton . It eventually failed . In 1993 , President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Clinton listen to a man 's story about health care problems . Now , 15 years later , another Democratic president is taking on the challenge , but facing an uphill battle from not only from Republicans , but from members of his own party . Will failing to reform health care have the same consequences for Obama 's administration as it did for Clinton 's ? Like Obama , Clinton came into office with reforming the nation 's health care system as one of his top priorities . Then-first lady Hillary Clinton , who headed the administration 's task force on reforming the system , delivered a 1,000-page plan that was dubbed "  Hillary Care , " which required Americans and permanent resident aliens to enroll in a health plan . Other provisions included Americans below a certain income level paying nothing for care . Republicans decried the plan as overcomplicated and used it to tag the administration as big government-loving , tax-and-spend liberals . The plan 's failure emboldened Republicans and led to huge Democratic losses in the 1994 midterm elections , allowing the GOP to take control of Congress and stymie other Clinton initiatives . Now , 15 years later , Obama potentially faces a similar fate . Obama seeks the overhaul to ensure that health insurance is available to the 46 million Americans currently without coverage while preventing costs to both the government and individuals from continuing to climb . Watch more on the health care debate " The president had set a deadline for passage of a bill before the August congressional recess , but in an interview Monday with PBS 's Jim Lehrer , the president said that if Congress tells him it 's "  going to spill over by a few days or a week , " that 's fine . iReport.com : Weigh in on the health care debate A senior White House official adds that while there is a "  long way to go " in coming up with legislation , there is a true effort being made to devise a bipartisan plan . See how the plans compare " " -LSB- The Senate -RSB- is working in a bipartisan way and despite all of the cacophony of attacks you 've heard from some Republicans , I think you 've got to give some credit to the Republicans on the finance committee who are making right now a good faith effort , despite pressure , probably from their own party , to work with Democrats to try to come up with something that people can get behind , " said White House Communications Director Anita Dunn on Wednesday . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , says in order for health care reform to get passed , it will take a well-coordinated bipartisan effort . "  I think the president is right . He really does want a bipartisan effort . And that 's what it 's going to take for it to be for the American people . But the approach to it is kind of like a doctor practicing bad medicine where you fix only symptoms and do n't treat the disease . ... the disease is only going to get worse . " But the battle over health care reform is weighed down by complex problems , competing interests , a $ 1 trillion price tag , conservative Democrats in sticker shock and Republicans sensing an opportunity to regain some of the power they lost in the 2006 congressional elections . Conservative Bill Kristol wrote in his blog that there is an opportunity to inflict political damage to the president and that opponents should n't compromise : "  My advice , for what it 's worth : Resist the temptation , " Kristol wrote . "  This is no time to pull punches . Go for the kill . " The White House has so far resisted another idea for raising revenue -- creating a tax on the medical benefits provided by employers . Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus said he likes the idea , but Obama said it could be too disruptive to a system in which 180 million Americans have health coverage provided by their employers . But while Obama has remained mostly popular in national polls so far , support for his health care plan has begun to wane . A CNN Poll of Polls released Wednesday indicates that less than half the country approves of how he 's handling the issue . Forty-seven percent in the poll approve of how the president is dealing with health care reform , with 44 percent disapproving . The poll averaged the three most recent national surveys that asked about Obama 's performance on health care : USA Today/Gallup  July 17-19  ; ABC/Washington Post  July 15-18  and CBS News  July 9-12  . Meanwhile , Coburn -- a fierce opponent of the current plans being worked up in Congress -- says that Congress needs to slow down . "  Getting this right is better than meeting a political deadline ... I want him to back off the timeline , " he said . "  Let 's start over ... let 's fix it all and do it in a way that the American people wo n't charge it to their grandkids . " CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who has worked under several administrations , including Clinton 's , says there 's is concern that Obama may be trying to ram health care legislation through Congress as he did with the economic stimulus plan . "  And they -LSB- Americans -RSB- do n't have a lot of confidence in the past effort in the stimulus plan to put together something comprehensive and -- ` here we go again ' ... something that looks like it 's being thrown together to many people in the public . So they 're not confident that they want it . And Coburn 's argument -- along with nearly all congressional Republicans ' -- could pose a risk to Obama 's political capital with Americans . Gergen agrees . "  I think he 's got two other problems : One is that he does n't have a firm plan to sell . ... Second thing is , from his point of view , there are many in the public that 'd like to hear from him and also like to see just how he 's negotiating the plan , " he said . "  What they look for is a leadership that says , ` Here 's where we 're going to go , ' not a leadership that says , ` I 'm urging Congress to make more progress ' " Former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle , who Obama had tapped to be Health and Human Services director and the point person on health care reform before tax problems derailed his nomination , said getting health care reform passed now will be a major factor in defining Obama 's presidency . "  Because he 's made it such an issue , and because he has invested so much personal time and effort , this will , more than stimulus and more than anything he has done so far , be a measure of his clout and of his success early on , " Daschle was quoted in the New York Times . "  And because it is early on , it will define his subsequent years . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Paul Steinhauser and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	President Obama is urging Congress to come up with a health care reform plan CNN analyst sees similarities between Obama 's push and Clinton 's in 1994 Obama and top Democrats are seeking coverage for 46 million Americans
CNN  -- The robbers , police say , were "  well informed " and had carefully chosen the time and place of their heist . As police officers were busy keeping an eye on areas popular with New Year revelers , four armed and masked robbers forced their way into an Apple store in central Paris and made off with as much as $ 1.3 million worth of iPhones , iPads and other devices . The robbers entered through a service entrance into the store , which had closed for the day , using violence to intimidate store employees , said Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutors office . They then "  calmly " went through boxes full of Apple products in the basement storeroom , seeking out iPhones , iPads and laptops , said Christophe Crepin , spokesman for UNSA Police , a national police trade union . Read more : Is Apple starting to lose its bite ? "  They knew exactly what they were taking , " he said , noting that the robbery focused on the merchandise in the storeroom and left the devices on display inside the store untouched . They loaded the stolen goods , estimated to have a retail value of around one million euros  $ 1.3 million  , into a Mercedes van parked nearby and sped off , he said . Thibault-Lecuivre declined to confirm the value of the robbers ' haul , saying that Apple managers were still working out how much had been taken . Housed in an elegant Haussmann-style building in a popular shopping district , the store Apple Store at Opera is one of two in central Paris . The other is in an underground mall connected to the Louvre . Read more : Tech trends for 2013 : Five things to watch	The theft takes place as police are busy supervising New Year revelers The armed robbers force their way in and seek out iPhones and iPads "  They knew exactly what they were taking , " a police union official says The masked intruders assaulted store employees during the robbery
EW.com  -- "  The Daily Show " has hired another correspondent in the wake of John Oliver 's exit . "  Saturday Night Live " writer and standup comic Michael Che will join the Comedy Central series in June after he finishes his stint at "  SNL . " The hire follows the exit of Oliver , who launched his new HBO talk show , "  Last Week Tonight , " on Sunday . "  The Daily Show " also recently added Jordan Klepper last March . Che is an NYC standup comic who joined the "  SNL " writing staff last fall . Che started doing standup in 2010 , and since then has won New York 's Funniest Stand-Up Competition , appeared on CBS ' "  Late Show , " and was a regular on VH1â $ ² s short-lived "  Best Week Ever " reboot . He 's been writing for "  SNL " since 2013 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Che joins in the wake of John Oliver leaving He will join in June Che won New York 's Funniest Stand-Up Competition
CNN  -- If you think television is like junk food , then binging on it is not for you . But there are many people not like you who love pixelated brain candy and think binge-viewing is the only way to devour a season  or more  of TV programming properly -- and networks are slowly beginning to take note . More and more viewers are turning on to elaborately scripted shows , tuning in via digitized devices and not dropping out : They 're watching marathons of their own making . Instead of watching live each week by "  appointment , " viewers are taking a full day  or weekend or even week  to watch a show 's entire season or a series from beginning to end . This may sound gluttonous and monotonous , but bingers see it differently -- a richer and more contemplative form of TV watching in which every nuance is savored and analyzed . Providers are adapting to this craving for deeper , heartier , 22-course meals . Netflix recently premiered , all at once , the entire first season of its new political thriller "  House of Cards , " and the TV streaming apps HBOGo and HuluPlus have salad-bar layouts that make it easier than ever for viewers to immerse themselves fully in an entire series . The commercial reasons that once encouraged channels to sacrifice narrative quality for episodic quantity are fading , especially as many viewers turn away from monthly subscriptions in favor of the per-episode  or per-season  prix fixe to be found , say , at Amazon.com , which dabbles both in online streaming and DVD sales . My friends who binge-watch do n't collapse into their couches , they commit to them , and this makes them demand a little more from programmers . Shows such as "  Mad Men , " "  Game of Thrones " and "  Arrested Development " are richer in lengthy doses : The more time spent in those worlds , the deeper your appreciation for the changing times in the offices of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce , the intricate history and tenuous alliances between the Baratheons and Starks , and the subtle , recurring jokes of the Bluth family . Watching , reading or listening to anything creative requires a suspension of disbelief , an investment of our reality in theirs . Every commercial break erodes that thin and personal connection a little ; weeklong gaps between episodes stretch us closer and closer to the point at which our attention snaps and moves elsewhere . Viewership declines , sometimes before a show has an opportunity to catch on , as with the often-discussed "  Firefly " or the more recent "  Last Resort , " which struggled to find the hook that would keep audiences coming back . The pacing of some shows hardly even works on an individual level : Though he would n't dare to tell you how to watch it , creator David Simon would probably agree that binging on the entirety of "  The Wire " at once , letting the bigger picture wash over you , would bring you closer to his vision for the show . Binge-watching can make for good TV . The actors on any number of indistinguishable cop shows are entertaining , affable , gruff or quirky , but I 'd turn to "  The Good Wife 's " long-term development any day ... and the only reason I got hooked on it is because I spent a flu-ridden week catching up on the first two seasons . And that 's just network television : Several of the friends whom I introduced to "  Breaking Bad " chose not to watch the first half of the final season , preferring to get it later in one high-intensity dose . These friends picked up on subtle cues I had n't noticed late in that fourth season , were better able to get inside Walter White 's head , and became more a part of the series than I ever had : They 'd fully fallen down that serialized rabbit hole , and now I was the one who seemed like the dilettante , merely putting in an hour each week , scraping the icing off the top of the seven-layered cake . More critically , when another friend recently took a one-week safari through "  Lost , " he could clearly distinguish its shark-jumping moment , whereas those of us who had watched live were suckered in , fond memories of the past overshadowing the tainted present . The more we change our viewing habits , the more the networks will adapt to fit them , and the higher the level of long-term programming networks will have to provide , no longer spider-webbing up plots on the fly in an attempt to deceptively tangle us into tuning in next week . The shift from casual couch-surfing to brisk binging also encourages television to be bolder in its storytelling , to develop characters and settings as opposed to just plots : the difference between literature and pulp , not that you ca n't have both . Producing for the binger might also ease the stress of syndication , in which characters so often reset to the status quo that they might as well be contortionists on "  The Simpsons . " And would n't advertising targeted at the people who would raptly sit through 10 hours of "  Battlestar Galactica " be more effective than scatter-shot rounds of the generic stuff ? Appointment television is dying , supplanted by On Demand features that allow viewers to set the schedules . As each generation grows older and decides it is not writing the Great American Novel , perhaps we 'll choose to watch the Great American Television Show , and realize it 's better when we do n't have to break the illusion and set down the book for a week after every chapter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Riccio .	Aaron Riccio : Many people are binge-watching TV series , devouring seasons in a sitting Trend challenges "  appointment " TV , he says , and providers are adapting Riccio : Lengthy doses place narrative demands on programmers As viewers move away from "  appointment " TV , networks will adapt , improve shows , he says
CNN  -- There was a pretty epic party on Wednesday night . You probably were n't there . But do n't take it personally . We ca n't all be awesome . Naturally , of course , I was present , showing up casually late because it 's what awesome people do at epic parties . That , and defile the mashed potatoes . Granted , this particular epic party was held on Twitter . And it was hosted by CVS . And , technically , everybody was invited . Thus , I 'm suddenly now beginning to question my awesomeness . Me : "  Am I awesome ? " Me : "  Not really . " Me : "  I appreciate your honesty . " Me : "  Whatever , nerd . " OK , so maybe it 's not Ibiza , but there was a popular online party hosted by the CVS Beauty Club to promote the pharmacy 's cosmetic offerings via social media . And for a good hour or so during the big digital soiree , the hashtag was a leading trend . Hurrah ! Victory for the marketing department ! Treat yourself to some hooker makeup . Seriously . That section exists , right ? Not surprisingly , however , a random dude eventually entered the conversation and was instantly confused . @TheClassyMan wrote : "  This is a joke right ? " Not a joke . CVS really managed to get people talking about and participating in their virtual Twitter party , which is pretty amazing . But how exactly does something like this work ? Basically , I guess a Twitter party is just like any other party . People talk . Strangers mingle . Except there 's no guacamole , and if you happen to do a keg stand , it 's not because everybody else was doing one . It 's because you 're a degenerate alcoholic . "  Wooooo ! Thirty seconds ! I rule ! And now I have to fold the laundry ... and do other stuff because I 'm home alone with my computer ... drinking ... from a keg . Woooooo . " Personally speaking , the most appealing aspect of a digital Twitter party is that I only have 140 characters to completely embarrass myself . Which , I suppose , is quite more than enough . "  Hi . I 'm Jarrett . I use Beano . " See ? Minimal damage . But let 's get back to this beauty club . Essentially , anyone can join for free to get periodic discounts and rewards on various CVS cosmetics . The online information was n't exactly clear , though , as to whether Beano qualifies . Its inclusion , however , more or less determines my interest in signing up . Maybe . I 'm all about discounts and Twitter parties and Beano and maybe even a touch of mascara when I 'm feeling pretty , but I 'm not exactly sure this is qualifies as a "  club . " Clubs have to have standards , and I simply ca n't appreciate any exclusive organization that does n't charge excessive dues and/or base one 's membership on blatant superficiality . That 's why back in the day I joined a fraternity . Best friends money could buy ! Look , I know I did n't offer the American University chapter of Delta Chi anything in terms of social status , and I 'm pretty sure I lowered their overall combined GPA by at least a full point , but I was more than willing to pay the yearly fees . And as a bonus , I could pretty easily be talked into running around the party wearing nothing but a strategically placed sock . Had there been cell phone cameras in the late 90s , I 'd currently be living in Mongolia . At the CVS Beauty Club , there are no initiation fees . No dues . And technically , I suppose , even Nick Nolte could join . It 's that easy . But for those of us who do n't use cosmetics or , at the very least , are n't planning on going to the Gathering of the Juggalos , there 's probably no real need to apply . We 're fine the way we are . Perfect fives . Unless , of course , you really just want to experiment with ointments and colors and masks . In which case , by all means join the CVS Beauty Club and start saving . Hell , go nuts ! Treat yourself to some hooker makeup .	In "  Apparently This Matters , " Jarrett Bellini tackles trending social-media topics This week , he crashes the CVS Beauty Club 's Twitter party Yes , that was really a thing You can join even if you 're not a Juggalo -- or a hooker
CNN  -- Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton stormed to his third pole position in four races at qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix on Saturday . The Briton , who will be hunting down a third successive win this season on Sunday , finished just over half-a-second ahead of Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo posting a time of one minute , 53.860 seconds in the third qualifying session  Q3  . Ricciardo 's teammate , Sebastian Vettel finished third with Mercedes 's driver Nico Rosberg joining his compatriot on the second row of the grid after a wet qualifying session at the Shanghai International Circuit . "  It 's so slippery out there , " Hamilton said . "  Trying to find the grip , obviously not making mistakes on your lap , and really putting it together , especially when you have these guys pushing you . "  So , it was a tough session . I really enjoyed it . The car was feeling great . We always have stuff we can improve but the team have done a great job this weekend . A good position for the race and I hope we can follow through tomorrow , " Hamilton added . Ricciardo , who had his disqualification from the Australian Grand Prix confirmed in the week , was pleased with second place after admitting to finding the conditions tough going . "  To be honest , I struggled a bit throughout the session , at least personally I did n't feel like I was getting on top of the conditions but then the last set of inters right at the end of Q3 we managed to get a bit more out of it and I put a good lap together , so pretty pleased to be on the front row , " the Australian said . Fernando Alonso , who won this race last season , found his Ferrari still off the pace and had to settle for fifth . And it was another disappointing day for the Spaniard 's teammate Kimi Raikkonen -- the Finn failed to make it into Q3 and will start from 11th on Sunday . All eyes are on new Ferrari team principal Marco Mattiacci who has been tasked with reversing the fortunes of the Italian team after a poor start to the season . The 43-year-old , who replaced outgoing Stefano Domenicali , who quit as team boss on Monday , told reporters he was "  extremely motivated " to succeed following Friday 's practise session . Further down the grid , the Williams pair of Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas continued their promising start to 2014 finishing six and seventh respectively . Force India 's Nico Hulkenberg will start Sunday 's race from eighth ahead of Toro Rosso 's Jean Eric Vergne with Lotus ' Romain Grosjean making up the top 10 . Read more : CNN 's essential guide to F1 in 2014 Read more : Why ca n't women win in F1 ?	British driver makes it three out of four poles this season Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg qualifies fourth Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel second and third respectively Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso will start Sunday 's race from fifth
CNN  -- A double from Bundesliga top scorer Mario Gomez saw Bayern Munich win 2-1 at 10-man Stuttgart on Sunday to open up a three-point lead at the top of the German table . Stuttgart took a sixth minute lead when Christian Gentner 's superb volley gave Manuel Neuer no chance in the Bayern goal . But the home side were ahead for just seven minutes , with Bayern equalizing when Gomez found the net from a tight angle after Rafinha had crossed the ball in from the right . Gladbach defeat leaves Bayern on top Stuttgart 's hopes of victory were dealt a huge blow when defender Cristian Molinaro earned two yellow cards in just five first half minutes , the second for a challenge on Arjen Robben . And the visitors made their man advantage count 12 minutes after the break when Gomez rifled home Philipp Lahm 's pass for his 15th league goal of the season . Bayern lie on 34 points from their 16 games , three clear of Borussia Dortmund and Schalke at the top of the table . Champions Dortmund lost ground when they were held to a 1-1 draw by Kaiserslautern in Sunday 's other match . Japanese winger Shinji Kagawa had given Dortmund a first half lead but the visitors leveled on the hour mark with a stunning volley from Olcay Sahan . Borussia Moenchengladbach are a further point behind in fourth place after their shock 1-0 defeat at Augsburg on Saturday , while Werder Bremen remain in touch a further point behind after thumping Wolfsburg 4-1 on Saturday .	Mario Gomez scores both goals as Bayern Munich beat Stuttgart 2-1 in Bundesliga The result puts Bayern three points clear of Dortmund and Schalke at the top of table Champions Dortmund held 1-1 at home by Kaiserslautern in Sunday 's other match
Washington  CNN  -- Daniel Inouye , a World War II veteran who received the Medal of Honor and represented Hawaii in the Senate for five decades , has died , his office announced Monday . He was 88 . He died of respiratory complications Monday evening shortly at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , with his wife and son at his side . Inouye was hospitalized last week and had undergone procedures to regulate his oxygen intake . He won his ninth consecutive term in 2010 and was the second-longest-serving senator in the chamber 's history , trailing only Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia . Inouye was a senator for all but three of Hawaii 's 53 years as a state and had served as its first House member before that . Inouye : Man of courage , humanity , dignity Senators of both parties took to the chamber floor Monday to mourn his death , and President Barack Obama described Inouye as "  a true American hero . " "  In Washington , he worked to strengthen our military , forge bipartisan consensus , and hold those of us in government accountable to the people we were elected to serve , " Obama said in a statement . "  But it was his incredible bravery during World War II -- including one heroic effort that cost him his arm but earned him the Medal of Honor -- that made Danny not just a colleague and a mentor , but someone revered by all of us lucky enough to know him . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Inouye family . " Vice President Joe Biden , who served alongside Inouye in the Senate , recalled his "  moral bravery " in the body . "  He was one of the most honorable men I ever met in my life , and one of the best friends you could hope for . He was honest , and fiercely loyal , and I trusted him absolutely . " Inouye gave preference for successor before he died Fellow Hawaiian Daniel Akaka choked up as he said , "  It is very difficult for me to rise today with a heavy heart to bid aloha , aloha to my good friend , colleague and brother . "  Tomorrow will be the first day since Hawaii became a state in 1959 that Dan Inouye will not be representing us in Congress . Every child born in Hawaii will learn of Dan Inouye , a man who changed the islands forever . " Inouye enlisted in the U.S. Army shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor . In World War II , Inouye lost an arm charging machine gun nests in San Terenzo , Italy , earning him the Medal of Honor . He was of Japanese heritage and served in an Army unit made up of Japanese-Americans . His battalion was the most decorated unit of the war . Meanwhile , stateside , many Japanese-Americans were held during the war by the government in internment camps based on their race . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , remembered his late colleague as a "  unique , brave legislator " and as a fellow veteran who was injured in war . Inouye 's unit was in "  many of the most gruesome and difficult bloodlettings of the entire conflict , " McCain said . "  In fierce combat , Dan Inouye was gravely wounded on the battlefield . He was brought home ... as we all know ,  he  lost his arm . " What happened after that battlefield injury would lead to a long-standing friendship : Inouye was hospitalized alongside the second lieutenant who would also become a U.S. senator , Bob Dole . "  Danny and I saw service in World War II where he lost an arm and where I had other difficulties , " Dole said in a statement . " When we left the hospital , we eventually became United States senators and he was always telling his friends that I talked him into it . I do n't recall it , but if Danny said it was true , that was good enough for me . " Dole said his friend reached out to all , regardless of the party . "  Never once do I recall his being critical of another colleague -- Republican or Democrat , " he said . Inouye served as chairman of the Senate Committee on Appropriations and the Senate Commerce Committee , and was the first chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . Dole remembers his friend and fellow veteran As head of the Appropriations Committee , he defended the practice of earmarking funds for pet projects and brought millions to his home state . He gained national notoriety as a member of the Senate panel investigating the Watergate scandal in the 1970s . At the time of his death , Inouye was president pro tempore of the Senate and had held that position since the death of West Virginia 's Robert Byrd in 2010 . In that position , Inouye was third in the line of succession to the U.S. presidency , behind Vice President Biden and House Speaker John Boehner . Late Monday , the Senate approved a resolution giving Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid the authority to swear in Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , now the chamber 's most senior Democrat , as the new Senate president pro tempore . Reid said in remembrance of Inouye , "  If there was ever a patriot , Dan Inouye was that patriot . " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell described him as someone who "  rarely called attention to himself but who lived a remarkable American life filled with dignity and grace of the true hero that he was . " Inouye graduated from the University of Hawaii and the George Washington University School of Law . Asked recently how he would want to be remembered , the senator said : "  I represented the people of Hawaii and this nation honestly and to the best of my ability . I think I did OK , " according to his office . His last word was "  Aloha , " it said . Read more : People we lost in 2012 CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report	NEW : During WW II , Inouye was hospitalized with another young soldier , future Sen. Bob Dole Daniel Inouye died of respiratory complications , his wife and son at his side Inouye represented Hawaii in the Senate for five decades His last word was "  Aloha , " his office says
CNN  -- A CNN Hero 's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who 's been touched by their efforts -- someone like you who wants us to share their story with the world . History has shown that great things can happen to those selected as CNN Heroes : • Andrea Ivory has nearly doubled the amount of free mammograms she 's offered to underserved women in South Florida . • Doc Hendley , of Boone , North Carolina , expanded his sustainable clean-water systems on three continents as well as earthquake-ravaged Haiti . • Dan Wallrath , of Houston , Texas , and his organization , Operation Finally Home , doubled the number of homes they 've built for injured veterans . • Anne Mahlum expanded her Philadelphia running program for the homeless into eight cities across the country . • Jordan Thomas of Chattanooga , Tennessee , has delivered prosthetic limbs to children in three countries . Do you know an everyday person changing the world ? It 's easy to nominate them as a CNN Hero . Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination . • Think about what makes your hero special . Ask yourself : What makes my nominee unique ? What specific accomplishment has he or she achieved that is truly remarkable ? What impact has their work had on others ? We encourage you to watch videos of previous CNN Heroes to familiarize yourself with the achievements of the inspiring individuals we honor as "  everyday people changing the world . " • Take a look at our nomination form . We suggest you review the information requested about yourself , your nominee and their work before filling out your submission . • Tell us about your hero ! Take your time and write from the heart . Remember : What you share -- in your own words -- is the most important factor in advancing a nomination for further consideration . You can enter your answers to the essay questions directly on the form , or write them first in a word-processing document and "  cut-and-paste " them into each answer field . Please note that the information you provide will be used in accordance with our privacy policy . • Click "  Submit . " If your nomination has been successfully transmitted , you 'll see a "  thank you " message on your screen . If you provided us with your e-mail address , we 'll also send a confirmation that your nomination has been received . And yes , we read each and every one . That 's it ! Nominations for 2012 CNN Heroes remain open through August 31 , 2012 . Frequently Asked Questions Q : Who is eligible to be considered as a CNN Hero ? A : Nominations must be in the name of a single individual , at least 13 years of age , whose accomplishment occurred  or continued  after September 1 , 2011 . Nominees in the "  Young Wonder " category must be 25 years of age or younger . Groups and organizations are ineligible for consideration . Self-nominations will not be accepted . Citizens of voided countries are also ineligible . For complete details on eligibility requirements and other rules governing selection of CNN Heroes , please read our Legal Disclosures . Q : How will I know if my hero is selected ? A : Because of the high volume of nominations received , we can not respond individually to each submission . However , if your nomination advances , we will contact you and your nominee through the contact information you provide . Q : What if I do n't know my nominee 's address , e-mail , and telephone number ? A : Please make every effort to provide as much contact information as possible . We require either an email address or telephone number so we may quickly contact your nominee to obtain their permission for consideration as a CNN Hero . Q : May I submit additional supportive information about my nominee ? A : There 's space at the end of the form to provide links to articles or Web sites with more information about your hero . Please do not send additional materials unless requested . Q : May I mail or fax my nomination ? A : No . All nominations must be submitted online through our Web site . Q : What if my nomination form is rejected ? A : When filling out your form , please note that certain information is required . Those fields are marked with an asterisk  *  . If you are not certain of your hero 's nationality , select "  Other " from the country drop-down menu . Likewise , if you 're unsure which category their cause belongs in , just click "  Other . " CNN is not responsible for technical problems that may prevent your submission from being successfully transmitted . You may wish to first write and save the answers to essay questions in a word-processing document . That way , if you need to re-submit your nomination , you can "  cut-and-paste " those answers into the form without re-writing them . Q : Can I buy tickets to "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " ? A : Unfortunately , seating is limited and by invitation only . Airdates and times for the global broadcast of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will be announced later this year . Have other questions or comments about CNN Heroes ? Contact us	CNN Heroes are selected after being nominated by someone like you Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination Nominations are being accepted online through August 31 , 2012
CNN  -- It 's always funny to get tweets and e-mails from followers of radio entertainer Rush Limbaugh . None of them ever actually think of checking the facts out before they begin their ignorant , vile and rambling rants . I suppose that 's to be expected because all they are doing is following their feckless leader , Limbaugh . Last week I took to Twitter to express my disgust with the racist tweets sent to Joel Ward , the Washington Capitals forward who scored the game-winning goal against the Boston Bruins in the pivotal Game 7 of their first round matchup . Ward , who is black , should have been praised for great play . Instead , he was insulted , ridiculed and called the N-word . As a result , I sent out the following tweets : -- "  It 's no shock that a black hockey player is being called nasty vicious things for a game winning goal . Only folks in denial about racism are . -- "  The reality is that weak-minded punks hide behind anonymous comments on message boards AND social media . -- "  I had my arms crossed one day in an editorial meeting and was called "  intimidating " & "  threatening . " Thinking While Black , huh ? LOL -- "  I simply accept the reality that racism is in the DNA of America . And when that button is pushed , the true feelings come tumbling out ! -- "  Trust me , I know the inherent bigotry in ` we want our country back ' and ` he 's not like us ' or ` you have a different worldview . ' " -- "  Why do I love a changing America ? Because the walls are tumbling down ! One of the last bastions ? Media . Some folks are still holding on ! " -- "  Sports is great because talent ai n't subjective . It 's clear . You win or lose . I know from media history/experience that talent is irrelevant " -- "  So to all of the soft/hard bigots , we ai n't going anywhere . Keep hatin , we 'll keep on fighting & winning . But do know we know who you are ! " Limbaugh was apprised of what I tweeted , so when a young listener called in , he brought up what I wrote and said : "  Roland Martin is a friend of Obama 's and here is his Tweet : ' I simply accept the reality that racism is in the DNA of America and when that button is pushed the true feelings come tumbling out . ' "  You asked me about racism and the media ; well , here is a black journalist at CNN . I do n't know what this is relating to but again Paul , ' I simply accept the reality racism is in the DNA of America . ' So here is a mainstream journalist who just lives with the assumption that this is a racist country . Always there . And in his case is first because he 's black , but he 's liberal first . "  All liberals are liberals before they 're anything else , if they 're Jewish , if they 're gay , female , male , they 're liberals first , Paul . That is their religion . And that religion requires loyalty . You must have faith in them . They are the equivalent of your higher power . You must trust them ; you must let them manage your affairs . This guy tweeting today that racism is in the DNA of America , so we are as a country founded in a flawed , sinful way . We are unjust as a country , it 's immoral as a country , and that belief allows Mr. Martin excuse to be able to have power over people , to be able to punish people he thinks are racist . " Here is the key phrase out of all of the nonsense Rush spewed : "  I do n't know what this is relating to . " Had Rush and his crack research team bothered to get the context -- is that a bad disease going around lately ? -- he would have realized that I was speaking about the racial slurs against the black hockey player . That 's when all of the knuckleheads began to write me , and many said that I was inciting the issue by even bringing it up . Several suggested that by ignoring racism , all will be well and it will just go away . Really ? Is that how it works ? Look , there is no need for Americans to stop living in denial . Race has been in the DNA of America since its founding . Slavery . Formation of our precious U.S. Constitution . The Civil War . Reconstruction . Jim Crow . The turbulence of the Civil Rights Movement . Integration . Busing . Pick the subject and we 've had to contend with the issue of race . I was only speaking truthfully to what so many Americans love to ignore . But hey , do n't believe me . Here is what Republican star and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had to say about race in America on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " in 2011 : "  It is a birth defect with which this country was born out of slavery ; we 're never really going to be race blind . I think it goes back to whether or not race and class -- that is , race and poverty -- is not becoming even more of a constraint . "  Because with the failing public schools , I worry that the way that my grandparents got out of poverty , the way that my parents became educated , is just not going to be there for a whole bunch of kids . And I do think that race and poverty is still a terrible witch 's brew . " Earlier she discussed the advancements of African-Americans in the U.S. -- whether it 's a CEO or president of the United States -- yet even she concluded that "  we 're never going to erase race as a factor in American life . " So I say DNA . Rice says birth defect . Hmmm , is it really that different ? Ignoring racism will do nothing to solve the problem . Calling it out , speaking against it and educating others is what 's important . I find it hilarious that as an African-American , I 'm told to ignore racism . I could n't imagine telling someone Jewish , "  anti-Semitism is n't a big deal ! Stop harping on it . It 'll disappear . " The problem for too many of us is that we live in a world of denial . We choose not to confront the problem because that means looking inward and confronting how we were raised ; what our parents taught us ; or even having to check out friends for their bigotry . Racism is n't just black or white . It can be a two-way street between any groups . I prefer to not be silent about it and call it out . Have I experienced racism in my life , as well as in the media ? Of course ! Sure , I grow tired of having to fight battles that should have been long gone , but it is what it is . So Rush , I 'm not going anywhere . I wo n't back down . I wo n't surrender . And when racism rears its ugly head , I 'll be right there standing up for righteousness and to rid our world of this wretched evil . Got it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin	Roland Martin responded to racist reaction to Joel Ward 's game-winning NHL goal On his radio show , Limbaugh veered off one Martin tweet to a soliloquy about liberals and race Martin : Limbaugh did n't even bother to note what the issue was before ranting Racism is in America 's DNA , Martin says , and Condoleeza Rice , for one , agrees
CNN  -- It 's been a difficult year for the seven time F1 champion , Michael Schumacher . After three years in retirement , Schumacher returned to F1 with the new Mercedes team , but has struggled to make an impact on the race track , finishing this year 's season in a disappointing ninth place . It has led many to wonder why the racing legend has returned to sport . But amid the gossip and allegations , the 41-year-old has defended his decision . He told CNN : "  I enjoy it . I feel I have the right to do what I enjoy . Whether I put in dispute my reputation ... I just feel good about my decision and I have so much support from people . " "  I certainly want to make it a successful return , " he continued . "  I 'm only happy if I 'm back on the winning road with the team . This is what I 'm working for , this is the joy of the passion for Formula 1 . " His decision has been supported by some of the biggest names in F1 . Finnish F1 driver for Team Lotus Heikki Kovalainen told CNN the criticisms towards Schumacher were unfair . "  People had high expectations , people expected him to win . But  Mercedes  did n't have a car to win and second of all , things have changed since he left Formula 1 . " Fellow F1 champion Alain Prost said no-one should judge or criticize a driver of his caliber , saying , "  For me , it is difficult , almost impossible to go back to the title after three years ... But if there 's one driver who 'd be able to do it , I think it 's Michael . " Team principal and co-owner of Mercedes , Ross Brawn , admits the team has had a disappointing year and credits some of that to Schumacher . "  It 's been disappointing , in overall performance , we have n't had the car , Michael 's taken a little time to get up to the performance he 'll be able to deliver . I 've seen patches of that performance ... the last few races of the season was the Michael Schumacher I expected to see . But on a more positive note , Brawn added : "  Now it 's all coming together and I think next year we 're going to have a really exciting time . " Schumacher admits it 's been a sluggish return to the track , but remains positive , saying : "  It 's certainly not as successful as I thought initially and many other people have thought . " "  But then having such a strong group and team behind , Mercedes pushing it so hard , I have no doubt about success in the future . "	Michael Schumacher return to F1 racing this year after three years in retirement Despite high expectations Schumacher finished the season in ninth place Schumacher has won seven F1 world champion titles since his debut in 1991
CNN  -- Every morning at 7:30 , Hiroshi Ashitomi trudges up sand-dusted steps , pries open a metal folding chair and joins a handful of his fellow retirees under a plastic tent , facing seaward . They are staging a protest . Their sit-ins are in opposition to a perceived threat that many of his neighbors also fear : the planned expansion of a U.S. military base on Okinawa 's east-facing Henoko Bay . Last week , however , the routines of both Ashitomi and the U.S. military were upset . And even though the reason for that disruption -- a devastating earthquake and subsequent tsunami -- demonstrated the advantage of having U.S. bases , Ashitomi and others say they will not alter their efforts to get the U.S. military off the island . In the wake of the earthquake , the U.S. military is sending humanitarian aid and technical assistance to the hardest-hit areas of Japan . Many of these efforts are being launched from bases on Okinawa Island , where the United States maintains a permanent military presence under a treaty the two countries signed after World War II . Staging areas in Okinawa allowed U.S. assistance to reach the affected areas faster than aid from many other countries . Perhaps more than at any time in recent memory , the U.S. military has made a compelling case for its presence on Okinawa . But to Ashitomi , who said he views U.S. troops as de facto occupiers , the benefits are outweighed . He is not alone . Susumu Inamine , mayor of the city of Nago on Okinawa , pointed out Saturday that he was elected on a platform of "  no new construction of U.S. facilities " on the island . He also recited a litany of statistics that many in Okinawa have committed to memory : Seventy-five percent of all U.S. bases in Japan are on Okinawa , an island that makes up less than 1 % of Japan 's territory , and 20 % of the land on the island is taken by U.S. bases . Inamine said his constituents feel that the Japanese central government requires a disproportionate "  burden " of Okinawans , relative to residents of other parts of Japan . He wants some of the U.S. presence on his island to be relocated to another Japanese island . Still , not everyone in Okinawa is against the influence of the United States , which provides economic and strategic benefits . In statistics from the Marines at Kadena Air Base , U.S. forces spend an annual $ 1.9 billion in the local economy , constituting as much as 10 % of Okinawa 's Gross Prefectural Product . And according to Article 9 of Japan 's Constitution , "  land , sea , and air forces , as well as other war potential , will never be maintained , " meaning that the U.S. military presence represents Japan 's strongest line of defense in the event of an attack . But Ashitomi said he would not be deterred . "  Once the tsunami warnings are lifted , I will be back every day until Mr. Obama cancels the current plans for the base expansion , " he said . Asked why he , a Japanese citizen , pinned his hopes on the U.S. president , he said , "  The Japanese government will listen to whatever the U.S. government tells them . The government of Japan does n't have its own policy . It 's a pitiful government . "	U.S. aid efforts are being launched from bases on Okinawa Island Many Okinawans oppose the U.S. presence there The bases provide economic and strategic benefits A mayor says his constituents feel a disproportionate burden
CNN  -- The 5-year-old son of country music singer Mindy McCready has been recovered and is in good health in the custody of officials in Arkansas , a spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Children and Families told CNN Friday . "  We 're working with local law enforcement and the Arkansas  Division of Children and Family Services  and we 're going to bring him home to Florida to his legal guardian as soon as possible , " Terri Durdaller said about the boy , Zander . Mindy McCready 's assistant said the singer turned Zander over to the Arkansas authorities and that he would be returned to her on Monday . "  She 's looking forward to having her case heard in front of an unbiased courtroom , " the assistant said . "  She has a 99 % chance of her child leaving with her on Monday morning . " She described Zander as "  very OK . " But Mindy McCready 's mother and stepfather , Gayle and Michael Inge , have legal custody of the boy and the singer has only visitation rights . "  We 're relieved , " they told CNN . "  We feel sorrow for Zander because he 's traumatized , and for Mindy . We just hope she does the right thing from here on out and that this is a wake-up call for her . " The boy was located hours after Gayle Inge made a public plea for her daughter to obey a court order to return her son to the care of the Inges . The imbroglio started when McCready , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , took her son from her father 's Florida home . This week , a Florida judge ordered McCready to return the boy to authorities . When she did not comply , another judge issued an emergency "  pickup order , " authorizing officers to pick up the boy . The singer was ordered to produce Zander and failed to do so . Though McCready said that the boy was with her , authorities considered him to be missing . McCready 's publicist issued a statement , saying McCready "  has not been charged with illegal wrongdoing . " "  Ms. McCready 's No. 1 priority has always been , and continues to be , the safety of her son , " publicist Kat Atwood said . McCready has asked a court to restore custody to her out of concern over the boy 's safety , Atwood said . McCready burst on the music scene in 1996 with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " Her website biography says she 's had romances with musician David Malloy and actor Dean Cain , and touches on her career stalling , as well as her having an "  explosive relationship " with Billy McKnight , the boy 's father , who is himself a country singer . McCready participated in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Phil Gast , Michael Martinez , Selin Darkalstanian , Dave Alsup and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Singer 's child in custody of Arkansas officials McCready had been ordered to turn over boy , 5 McCready took her son , but she does not have legal custody
Senate Democrats are wrapping up their tenure in the majority by reigniting debate on some of the former President 's most controversial policies with a long-delayed report on the use of torture - "  enhanced interrogation techniques " - by the U.S. government . Six years into the Barack Obama 's presidency , the Senate Intelligence Committee early next week is expected to release findings from its $ 50 million investigation of the Central Intelligence Agency 's use of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques on detainees in the years following the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . Among the questions the report tackles : Did three detainees tortured under the program provide information that helped identify a courier who led the U.S. to find Osama bin Laden ? The answer to that question will likely be different based on already hardened points of view even after the Senate report is released . The CIA believes the interrogations of three men : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Ammar al-Baluchi , and Hassan Ghul provided key information that led to bin Laden . Related : Military orders security review ahead of torture report release More than a hundred detainees went through the CIA 's detention program , and about a third were subjected to "  enhanced interrogation techniques , " which included waterboarding , exposure to cold temperatures , slapping and sleep deprivation . Three were waterboarded , which is considered the harshest of the techniques . The agency now disavows the program as a mistake that it wo n't repeat . Related : "  We tortured some folks , says President Obama " But they are also trying to walk a fine line , by sticking to claims that valuable intelligence on al Qaeda and in the hunt for Osama bin Laden emerged from the harsh interrogations of detainees . CNN 's Candy Crowley asked former President George W. Bush about the report in an interview set to air on State of the Union Sunday . "  I 'll tell you this , " Bush said after clarifying that he had n't read the Senate report yet . "  We 're fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf . These are patriots . And whatever the report says , if it diminishes their contributions to our country it is way off base . I knew the directors , the deputy directors , I knew a lot of the operators . These are good people . Really good people . And we 're lucky as a nation to have them . " Officials briefed on the report say it will provide ugly new details on the CIA program , including specifics on detainee deaths and a portrayal of a haphazardly assembled and poorly managed program . The report will detail 20 findings , plus 20 case studies that the Senate Democrats say illustrate CIA 's misrepresentations about the program . The Osama bin Laden hunt is one of the 20 case studies . Countries that cooperated with the CIA , hosting black site prisons and assisting in transferring detainees , will be identified only obliquely and not by name . CIA employees , referred to by pseudonyms in the report , wo n't be identified ; the CIA pushed for the pseudonyms to be redacted because other information in the report could be used to determine who they are . The Senate report was conceived initially as a bipartisan review of the CIA program , though Republicans senators pulled support from the investigation soon after it began . Its findings likely will end up being seen through the prism of the deeply-partisan divide over the Bush-era counter-terrorism tactics and whether they actually produced intelligence to keep the nation safe . The investigation produced a report that is more than 6,000 pages . But only the 480-page executive summary is being released , following months of negotiations between the Senate and the White House over redactions . According to an administration official , 93 % of the report is unredacted . "  There 's going to be nothing lost in this narrative , " the official added . There also will be a separate rebuttal by the committee 's Republicans . And the CIA will publish its own study of the program . Conspicuously absent from the Senate report is any examination of the role of high-level officials in the Bush White House who authorized the CIA program and who urged that more aggressive tactics be used . That omission appears to lay blame for the program 's excesses solely on the CIA , when top Bush officials ordered the agency to come up with the detention and interrogation program . A Senate aide said the purpose of the report was n't to point fingers at the Bush administration , but to examine the program itself . The central conclusion by the Democratic-led Senate report , according to people briefed on the investigation , is that CIA employees exceeded the guidelines set by Justice Department memos that authorized the use and that the agency misrepresented to Congress and the White House what it was doing . The report has also opened a rare public rift between the current White House and some Democrats on Capitol Hill . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee and is usually a defender of the CIA , has unleashed stinging criticism of the agency after what she said was a series of cover-ups including the destruction of interrogation tapes . "  The interrogations and the conditions of confinement at the CIA detention sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIA had described them to us , " Feinstein said on the Senate floor in March . Related : Shocking report closer to completion Her remarks came during a spat with the CIA . Feinstein was angry at the discovery that CIA employees had conducted searches of computers used by Senate staffers at a CIA facility to conduct their investigation . The CIA in turn accused Senate staffers of hacking into CIA computers to obtain documents they were n't entitled to.â $ ` In a phone call Friday , Secretary of State John Kerry asked Feinstein to consider the broader implications of the timing of the report 's release , said State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . "  A lot is going on in the world , and he wanted to make sure that foreign policy implications were being appropriately factored into timing , " Psaki said . "  These include our ongoing efforts against ISIL and the safety of Americans being held hostage around the world . " During the call , Kerry made it clear "  that the timing is of course her choice , " Psaki said . Feinstein also claimed some of the report 's findings challenge the "  societal and constitutional " values of America . "  We have to get this report out , " Feinstein told the Los Angeles Times in an interview Sunday . "  Anybody who reads this is going to never let this happen again . " Did torture work ? Ali Soufan , a former FBI agent , who was one of the bureau 's top al Qaeda experts , says the torture "  did n't work . " In an opinion article published in the New York Times last year , Soufan says "  torture led us away from Bin Laden . After -LSB- Khalid Sheikh -RSB- Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times , he actually played down the importance of the courier who ultimately led us to Bin Laden . " John Rizzo , who was the CIA 's acting general counsel during the period , is convinced the program helped find bin Laden and that it protected the nation . "  I believed the program yielded valuable intelligence and I continue to believe this , " he told CNN in an interview earlier this year . Also in dispute -- and some say unknowable -- is whether other methods could have produced the same or better information than what the CIA program produced . U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials have mixed views on whether any intelligence information still in use by intelligence analysts came from the program . Some officials say that because of the way intelligence is gathered , it 's impossible to determine whether strands of intelligence , used to keep tabs on al Qaeda terrorists , came from the now-banned interrogations . Others say that the FBI and CIA already had detailed knowledge of al Qaeda and that the program simply duplicated information already in the hands of intelligence analysts . For some Republicans and CIA supporters , there 's still a dispute about whether techniques like waterboarding , used on three detainees , constitutes torture . The Justice Department twice has investigated the conduct of CIA employees involved in the program and decided not to bring charges . President Obama an early critic of the program as senator , has tried to be more even-handed since taking office . "  We tortured some folks , " the president said in August , adding that there was a need to recall the context of the era , including the fear of follow-up attacks . "  In the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , we did some things that were wrong â $ " we did a whole lot of things that were right , but we did some things that were contrary to our values ... I understand why it happened . It 's important when we look back to recall how afraid people were . "	Senate Democrats are set to release a long-delayed and much-anticipated review of American interrogation techniques The report will tackle the question of whether torture helped gain intelligence Republicans have pulled support from the report and will offer their own rebuttal
Washington  CNN  -- With a short video on BarackObama.com , the sitting president of the United States has launched his bid for re-election . Using what apparently will be one of his campaign slogans , "  It begins with us , " the campaign has told supporters that the kickoff of the campaign has started and that means the race for contributions is on . The familiar-looking blue "  O " over red and white stripes is back again for 2012 . And at the bottom of the website , the candidates ' names are clearly identified : OBAMA-BIDEN -- for Vice President Joe Biden . Shortly afterward , Obama sent an e-mail to supporters to say he will also file papers Monday with the Federal Election Commission . "  We 've always known that lasting change would n't come quickly or easily . It never does . But as my administration and folks across the country fight to protect the progress we 've made -- and make more -- we also need to begin mobilizing for 2012 , long before the time comes for me to begin campaigning in earnest , " Obama said in his e-mail message . He is expected to host his first re-election fundraiser in Chicago on April 14 , according to the sources . The president is making his campaign official slightly earlier than is typical for an incumbent so he can get a jump on fundraising in a season that 's likely to shatter all records . Obama 's team has been asking campaign bundlers to raise $ 350,000 each , no easy task since campaign finance laws limit gifts to $ 2,500 per donor . Two sources tell CNN the campaign team hopes that in total its bundlers will raise $ 500 million , leaving the campaign to raise another $ 500 million and amass a record-breaking $ 1 billion war chest . According to these sources , the president has made calls to top donors , and conference calls are planned this week to supporters and key Democratic groups . Biden is already planning to be in New Hampshire on Monday and will meet with key supporters in that crucial early voting state . For the past few weeks , Jim Messina , who will manage the campaign , and Patrick Gaspard , executive director of the Democratic National Committee , have been flying around the country meeting with frustrated donors working to get them re-engaged . So far no Republican contenders have formally announced . But these days , the likely Republican presidential contenders are making endless visits to key early voting states and meeting with supporters across the country . One top Democrat says , "  The Republicans are out there day in and day out beating up on the president -- they 're basically running without filing . So to say we 're going first is n't totally fair . " This person adds , "  No one wants to start running now . The president is engaged in the country , this is about getting  campaign  staff up and running . " Additionally , top Democrats say two former White House staffers are likely to set up a third-party outside spending group . Former deputy press secretary Bill Burton and Sean Sweeney , former aide to then-Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , have been approached by Democratic donors who are concerned about countering the influence of Karl Rove and the Koch brothers in the upcoming 2012 election . CNN 's Sam Feist also contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says he will file papers Monday NEW : Obama : We need to mobilize "  long before " the time to seriously campaign He is making his campaign official slightly earlier than is typical for an incumbent So far no Republican contenders have formally announced
CNN  -- Racist abuse on social media shows no sign of diminishing in European football after British police launched an investigation into abusive tweets sent to Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli . The Italian international tweeted "  Man Utd ... LOL " on Sunday after Liverpool 's rivals Mancheser United slumped to a surprise 5-3 defeat by Leicester City in the English Premier League , seemingly provoking a discriminatory response . "  We can confirm officers are looking into offensive comments made on Twitter about Mario Balotelli , " said Merseyside Police on their official Twitter feed . The 24-year-old Balotelli 's tweet was retweeted 150,000 times and was met with a torrent of abuse . "  We extend our support to Mario Balotelli after the appalling racist abuse directed at him on Twitter , " said British anti-racism group Kick It Out . "  A large number of social media users alerted us to the messages by tweeting our official account and we have since reported this via True Vision -- the police 's online reporting facility . "  During the 2013/14 season , 50 % of all complaints submitted to us from across the game related to social media abuse , " added the Kick It Out statement . "  The issue has been escalating and we urge fellow social media users to assist in bringing this type of abuse to the attention of the authorities by reporting directly to True Vision . " In an interview with CNN in 2013 , Mario Balotelli -- then an AC Milan player -- vowed to walk off the pitch if he was racially abused at a football game . That was after he was subjected to racist chanting during an Italian league game against Roma at AC Milan 's San Siro stadium . The 22-year-old put his fingers to his lips in front of the visiting supporters ' section as a section of fans directed "  monkey chants " at him and then teammate Kevin Prince-Boateng . In August , Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in a $ 26.5 million deal . The Italian has scored one goal since signing -- in Liverpool 's 2-1 Champions League win against Ludogorets -- but the Merseyside club has had an uncertain start to the domestic season , losing three of their opening five games . The Italian is well known to English football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with Manchester City , where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics .	British police investigate abusive tweets sent to Mario Balotelli LIverpool striker sent "  Man Utd ... LOL " tweet after rivals beaten by Leicester City Tweet was retweeted 150,000 times Balotelli joined LIverpool from Milan in August
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Allied forces suffered a day of heavy losses in Afghanistan Friday after a helicopter crash killed six U.S. Marines and an attack killed four French soldiers , prompting Paris to consider an early troop withdrawal . The Marines died after their CH-53 helicopter crashed in Helmand province , a U.S. military official said . The NATO-led force reported no enemy activity in the area , but the Taliban claimed credit for bringing down the chopper . Separately , an Afghan soldier killed four French soldiers and injured 15 others , one critically , in eastern Afghanistan , French officials said . President Nicolas Sarkozy said he was suspending French training operations and combat help as a result . "  The French army is not in Afghanistan to be shot at by Afghan soldiers , " he said . France could bring its troops back early from Afghanistan if the necessary security is not restored , Sarkozy said . France has 3,935 troops in Afghanistan , according NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Sarkozy will send French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet to Afghanistan , he said . "  It was during a training session inside the base that a shooter killed four of our soldiers . This is unacceptable and demands a full investigation , " Longuet said . A French official told CNN the French troops were unarmed as they were inside their base , conducting normal training operations with their Afghan partners . The official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , said 15 soldiers were injured . The attack in Kapisa province follows a similar shooting last month by an Afghan soldier that killed two French soldiers serving in an engineers ' regiment , also in eastern Afghanistan . Friday 's suspected shooter , who was a member of the Afghan National Army , has been apprehended , according to an ISAF statement . Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was deeply saddened by incident . "  France has been generous to provide extensive assistance to Afghanistan over the past 10 years , " Karzai said . "  Throughout history , the two countries have enjoyed a sincere relationship , which the Afghan people will always cherish . " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid called the attack "  sensible . " "  This was the latest attack by those sensible and zealous Afghans who have entered the enemy 's army and it was also the best one so far as it killed more soldiers than any other such attacks before , ' Mujahid said . Responding to last month 's shooting , Sarkozy stressed his country 's "  determination to continue working within the International Security Assistance Force to restore peace and stability in that country and contribute to its development . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen paid tribute to those killed and injured Friday , saying it was a "  very sad day " for ISAF troops in Afghanistan and for France . "  Such tragic incidents are terrible and grab headlines , but they are isolated , " he said . "  The reality is that every day , 130,000 ISAF troops from 50 nations fight and train with over 300,000 Afghan soldiers . That takes a lot of trust among a lot of soldiers . "  We have the same goal . An Afghanistan that is responsible for its own security . That is what Afghans want . And we remain committed to helping Afghans . " ISAF spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings also played down the threat , saying , "  We train and are partnered with Afghan personnel every day , and we are not seeing any issues or concerns with our relationships . " Friday 's shooting was the latest in a series of attacks on NATO forces by members of the Afghan army . In October , a gunman wearing an Afghan army uniform turned his weapon on coalition forces during training , killing three and wounding several others . The shooter was killed in the incident in southern Afghanistan . Meanwhile , the cause of the helicopter crash , which happened around midnight Kabul time , is still under investigation , ISAF said . There was no enemy activity in the area when the helicopter went down in Helmand , said Col. Gary Kolb , an ISAF spokesman . The Taliban claimed responsibility Friday for bringing down the helicopter . Qari Yousuf Ahmadi , a Taliban spokesman , told CNN via text message : "  A Chinook was shot down in Zubair Karez area , between Musa Qala and Zamin Dawar in southern Helmand province , and a number of foreigners traveling in it were killed . " NATO is scheduled to withdraw its forces from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Many ISAF members are involved in missions to train and support Afghan forces as they prepare to take on greater security responsibilities . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Saskya Vandoorne , Masoud Popalzai , Pierre Meilhan , Barbara Starr , Mitra Mobasherat and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Six U.S. Marines die in a helicopter crash , a U.S. military official says French troops are killed by an Afghan soldier were unarmed at the time , an official says President Nicolas Sarkozy : France may bring troops home early if security is n't restored NATO chief Rasmussen pays tribute to four French soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Washington  CNN  -- Top American officials harshly criticized Russia on Friday for its continued support of pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine following the downing of a Malaysia Airlines jetliner . President Barack Obama said Friday that Russian President Vladimir Putin has the "  most control " over the situation in eastern Ukraine as intelligence indicates that rebels most likely shot down Flight 17 from an area they control with a surface-to-air missile . Nearly 300 people were killed in Thursday 's disaster , including one American . Obama said the rebels ' sophisticated weaponry and training needed to shoot down aircraft "  is coming from Russia " and said the United States could ratchet up sanctions on Russia if it continues to support the rebels . But he stopped short of blaming Russia or Putin for the debacle in eastern Ukraine . But Senior Republican lawmakers , most outspoken on foreign affairs and often critical of Obama 's foreign policy , did n't hold back . They were quick and direct in blaming Putin and called for additional , more stringent sanctions against Russia . "  I think he is responsible , " said Sen. John McCain , a member of the foreign affairs and homeland security committees . "  I mean , it was n't Vladimir Putin that pushed the button to launch the missile , but the whole scenario , including the buildup of Russian troops across the border ... I think that he gave them the material and wherewithal to do it -- or facilitated it . " Those calls come after Republicans have criticized Obama for months for not taking a harder line on Russia or meeting Ukrainian demands for more military assistance as it battled rebels . But now McCain said he sees "  no separation " between Putin and the Ukrainian rebels , calling that movement "  clearly orchestrated " by Moscow . And U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said investigators ca n't rule out the possibility that Russia may have helped the separatists operate the complex missile system . Power also emphasized the crucial role Russia has played in the conflict in Ukraine , as well as the role the country can play to bring peace to the region . "  Russia can end this war . Russia must end this war , " she said . Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois said he believes operating the missile system "  would need backup from a nation-state like Russia . " "  That would mean that Russian armed forces are directly involved in this wrongful death of roughly 300 people , " Kirk asserted . Russian officials rebutted even the suggestion of Russian involvement and instead blamed Ukraine for creating a volatile environment in eastern Ukraine . And while there are conflicting reports over whether the plane 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders have been taken to Russia , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Moscow would "  insist on the most objective , most open and independent investigation " into the incident . Still , Kirk called for the Justice Department to file a wrongful death lawsuit "  against Russian assets in the U.S. " and said the United States should target those assets to show Moscow that "  tens of millions of dollars will be lost . " Rep. Peter King , a member of the House Homeland Security Committee , drew similar conclusions . He called Putin "  largely responsible " for the downing of the passenger act , which Ukrainian officials have labeled as a terrorist act . "  If you 're a world power and you give this type of sophisticated weaponry to insurrectionists , you 're responsible for what happens after that , " King said . "  This violates to me all norms of international behavior by a world power . " U.S. officials have not yet concluded whether separatists obtained the missile system used to down the Malaysian airliner from Russia , though Obama confirmed that Russia has supplied heavy weaponry to the separatists . King said Russia 's arming of the rebels with sophisticated weaponry amounted to "  almost criminal negligence , " even though he does not believe Putin wanted the passenger plane to be downed . And though the tragedy came a day after additional U.S. and European Union sanctions were leveled against Russia , McCain , King and other Republican lawmakers renewed calls for tougher sanctions . As retribution , King said the United States should consider further action such as preventing the Russian airliner Aeroflot from landing at U.S. and other Western airports . And King claimed such a ban would have a "  devastating effect on the Russian economy . " King 's comments came after Oklahoma Republican Rep. Tom Cole called for a "  stronger response " during an interview with CNN because "  pinprick sanctions are n't going to get the job done . " Cole also called for direct military assistance to Ukraine , which he said is "  fighting for its survival . " That 's a request the Kiev government has voiced to officials in Washington , asking for armament and military advice . "  I think that 's an unmistakable sign that we 're going to support them , that we 're going to try to give them the wherewithal to defend their territorial integrity . " Even before U.S. officials confirmed the plane was shot down by pro-Russian separatists , Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , said Russian or separatist involvement would be a "  game-changer . " Graham said that kind of information should trigger tougher sanctions from the United States and more support from other countries . Malaysian plane shot down in Ukraine : What happened ? Alleged phone call : ` We have just shot down a plane ' MH17 : Grief and mourning at Amsterdam 's Schiphol	U.S. intelligence suggests pro-Russian separatists shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 President Obama said Putin has the "  most control " over the situation in eastern Ukraine Sen. John McCain and Rep. Peter King said outright that Putin is "  responsible " "  Russia can end this war . Russia must end this war , " the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. said
CNN  -- Saying he hopes it sets an example for the nation , Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy on Thursday signed what advocacy groups call the strongest and most comprehensive gun legislation in the nation . The new law bans some weapons as well as the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines like those used in the Newtown shooting in December that left 20 children and six adults dead . It also requires background checks for all gun purchases . "  This is a profoundly emotional day , I think , for everyone in this room , " Malloy said at the signing ceremony . "  We have come together in a way that relatively few places in our nation have demonstrated an ability to do . " However , he noted , "  Today does not mark the end of our efforts " to combat gun violence . With the governor 's signature , Connecticut became the third state to pass such tough measures since the December rampage in Newtown . New York and Colorado passed gun-control legislation limiting magazine capacity , among other provisions . Similar legislation appears stalled in Congress despite overwhelming public support for background checks and substantial -- although diminished -- support for major gun restrictions in the wake of the Newtown killings . Connecticut 's measure sends a message to the nation , Senate President Don Williams said Wednesday , before lawmakers approved the final draft . "  Democrats and Republicans were able to come to an agreement on a strong , comprehensive bill , " he added . "  That is a message that should resound in 49 other states , and in Washington , D.C. , and the message is we can get it done here and they should get it done in their respective states and nationally in Congress . " Despite disappointment in a provision in the Connecticut bill that allows people who already own high-capacity magazines to keep them , a gun control advocacy group praised the state legislation as historic . "  It does n't have everything we wanted , but it was everything that could be done within the political reality we were facing , " Connecticut Against Gun Violence said Wednesday in a statement on its website . Critics have argued the legislation will do nothing to stop someone like Adam Lanza , who carried out the Sandy Hook school killings December 14 with an assault-style weapon and high-capacity magazines . "  In his case , he stole the guns and went on a murderous rampage , " Scott Wilson , president of the Connecticut Citizens Defense League , previously has said . "  Limiting magazine capacity or mandating registration will only affect law-abiding persons , not criminals bent on murder . " Lanza used weapons that were registered to his mother , who he also killed that day . NRA ` plucks the bird ' to weaken gun proposals What the bill does The Connecticut measure adds more than 100 guns to the state 's list of banned assault weapons , limits the capacity of ammunition magazines to 10 rounds and bans armor-piercing bullets . While the new law allows current owners of magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds to keep them , it requires those people to register the magazines with the state , and forbids owners from loading them with more than 10 rounds outside their homes or while at a gun range . The legislation also creates the nation 's first statewide registry of people convicted of crimes involving the use or threat of dangerous weapons . The registry will be available only to law enforcement agencies . It also requires eligibility certificates for the purchase of any rifle , shotgun or ammunition , and significantly increases penalties for illegal possession and trafficking of guns . It also requires background checks for all firearms sales , including at gun shows , and creates safety standards for school buildings . Debate on the legislation was emotional at times . Sen. Beth Bye spoke for five minutes , noting it was the same amount of time that the shooting lasted at Sandy Hook Elementary School . She recalled how parents hoping to be reunited with their children were directed to a building near the school after the shootings , but "  20 of those parents came back with a state trooper and not their child . " Some people questioned whether the law deals enough with the state 's mental health system , a reference to the presumed mental condition of the shooter . The legislation allows school districts to require "  mental health first aid " training for school personnel and creates a task force to examine the state 's mental health system . Additionally , it alters state insurance regulations to beef up mental health care coverage . Newtown shooting details revealed Reassuring gun owners Republican House Minority Leader Larry Cafero , a member of the bipartisan task force that drafted the bill , reassured gun owners they would n't lose their guns or ammunition magazines , "  so long as they follow our rules and register , " he said . "  Are there tighter restrictions on their use , etc. ? Absolutely . We also were able to see as part of this legislation the repeal of early release for violent criminals . " Families of the children slain in Newtown were disappointed the larger-capacity magazines were grandfathered in . They asked had for an across-the-board ban . Malloy had backed the broader ban , saying banning the future sale of high-capacity magazines "  would not be an effective solution . " But Wilson said the magazine limits will have no impact on crime . "  It is ludicrous to expect people that have firearms capable of holding 15 rounds to only load 10 rounds inside of them , " he objected . "  Do criminals really care about these laws ? " Obama : ` Shame on us ' if Newtown does n't bring new gun legislation National fight The move in Connecticut comes as the nation is in a heated gun debate . President Barack Obama has been waging a public pressure campaign for tougher gun laws , an effort he continued Wednesday in Colorado -- site of two of the nation 's most notorious mass shootings , in 1999 at Columbine High School and last year at an Aurora movie theater . "  There does n't have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our Second Amendment rights , " Obama said . Obama is fighting intense opposition from the National Rifle Association , which sees restrictions as unconstitutional and ineffective . Lawmakers in 36 states also have proposed legislation that would negate federal gun control initiatives , according to the non-profit Sunlight Foundation Reporting Group . Despite a spike in support for the strictest gun control initiatives in the immediate aftermath of the Newtown shootings , a CNN/ORC International poll this month found support for major restrictions may be fading . The poll , released March 18 , found that while a majority of Americans favored major restrictions shortly after the shootings , that support had fallen to 43 % . A survey released Wednesday by MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe " and Marist College found that 60 % of respondents want stricter laws governing the sale of firearms . Support for broader background checks on prospective gun owners remains overwhelming . The MSNBC poll showed 87 % of respondents support expanded background checks , with strong backing from Democrats , independents and Republicans . A poll out Wednesday from Quinnipiac University pegged support for universal background checks at 91 % . That was despite 48 % of those polled conceding that such checks could form a database for later confiscation efforts . Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? CNN 's Tom Cohen , Paul Steinhauser and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Connecticut 's governor signs tough gun-control bill NEW : "  Today does not mark the end of our efforts , " Gov. Dannel Malloy says The new law adds more than 100 guns to the state 's assault weapon ban Critics say it will do little to stop determined criminals , but supporters call the bill historic
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton realistically ca n't win the title but the former world champion hopes to challenge powerhouse Sebastian Vettel at the Korean Grand Prix after posting the fastest practice times Friday . Hamilton 's time of one minute , 38.673 seconds in the second session in Yeongam was about one-tenth of a second quicker than Vettel , the triple reigning world champion who has captured the last two races in Korea . "  It 's the first time I can remember that second practice has really gone well for me , " Mercedes ' Hamilton was quoted as saying by Formula One 's website . "  We have n't changed anything but the day just went smoothly and all the processes with the team worked well . I love this track . " Vettel admitted there was "  some room for improvement " in his Red Bull . "  It will be close with Mercedes , " he told Formula One 's website . "  Of course we 're not sure what others were doing with their fuel loads today , but it seems close ahead of tomorrow 's qualifying . "  I like the track here , it 's a shame it 's so far from Seoul , which is a great city , but it 's good coming here as it 's quieter than some other races , which means we can focus on our job . " The only driver with half-a-chance of catching Vettel , Fernando Alonso , was a distant seventh in the second session . He trails Vettel by 60 points with a mere six races remaining and admitted this week he needed a comeback similar to Oracle Team USA 's in the America 's Cup sailing to overtake the German . But Alonso did n't sound optimistic Friday . "  There is every probability that , again here , we can expect to struggle in the race , " Ferrari 's Alonso told Formula One 's website . "  It wo n't be easy for us in performance terms , but we know that apart from that , we can do well on Sunday . Now , we must try and get the most out of what we have available and put everything together tomorrow and in the race . " Kimi Raikkonen , Alonso 's teammate next season , crashed in the first practice session but was unhurt . Autosport.com quoted the Finn as saying he would take action at the end of the season to fix a lingering back problem . "  It is not really surgery , but for sure we are probably going to do something , " said Raikkonen . "  I know what the issues are . "	Lewis Hamilton posts the fastest practice times ahead of the Korean Grand Prix Sebastian Vettel was about one-tenth of a second slower than Hamilton in the second session Vettel has won the last two races in Korea and is on course for a fourth world title in a row Fernando Alonso , second in the individual standings , came seventh in the second session
CNN  -- A Colombian has officially been declared the world 's shortest man by Guinness World Records officials -- but his reign looks set to be short-lived . Edward Nino Hernandez , who stands just 70.21 centimeters  2 ft 3.46 in  tall , inherits a title previously held by Chinese man He Pingping who died earlier this year . But Hernandez is actually several centimeters shorter than Pingping , according to Craig Glenday , Editor-in-Chief of the Guinness World Records Book . "  Not only is he a new shortest man , he 's even shorter than the previous record holder , " said Glenday . Although Hernandez is formally recognized in the 2011 Guinness World Records book published this month , he is not expected to hold the title for long . Khagendra Thapa Magar , a teenager from Nepal who stands 65.5 centimeters  2 feet 1.8 inches  tall , turns 18 on October 14 . Glenday said Pingping , who died in March aged 21 , had been an iconic character . "  As a result of that there was a lot of interest from the small community . A lot of small men contacted us . When we heard about Edward 's claim we sent one of our representatives over to his home in Bogota . " Hernandez , 24 , was measured three times a day , both standing up and lying flat , with his official height calculated as an average measurement . The 24-year-old works alongside his parents and brothers at a family business manufacturing pajamas . He likes dancing to reggaeton and salsa music , according to the Guinness World Records website . "  I am very happy to be recognized as the shortest man in the world , " Hernandez told the Guinness World Records website . "  Every person is different and unique . The more unusual you are the more you should fight and work harder . "	Edward Nino Hernandez stands just 70.21 centimeters  2 ft 3.46 in  tall But a shorter Nepalese teenager is set to claim title on October 14 Title was previously held by Chinese man He Pingping who died in March
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An extensive federal report released Monday concludes that roughly one in four of the 697,000 U.S. veterans of the 1990-91 Gulf War suffer from Gulf War illness . A U.S. soldier wears protection against chemical weapons during the Gulf War in a February 1991 photo . That illness is a condition now identified as the likely consequence of exposure to toxic chemicals , including pesticides and a drug administered to protect troops against nerve gas . The 452-page report states that "  scientific evidence leaves no question that Gulf War illness is a real condition with real causes and serious consequences for affected veterans . " The report , compiled by a panel of scientific experts and veterans serving on the congressionally mandated Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans ' Illnesses , fails to identify any cure for the malady . It also notes that few veterans afflicted with Gulf War illness have recovered over time . "  Today 's report brings to a close one of the darkest chapters in the legacy of the 1991 Gulf War , " said Anthony Hardie , a member of the committee and a member of the advocacy group Veterans of Modern Warfare . "  This is a bittersweet victory , -LSB- because -RSB- this is what Gulf War veterans have been saying all along , " Hardie said at a news conference in Washington . "  Years were squandered by the federal government ... trying to disprove that anything could be wrong with Gulf War veterans . " The committee 's report , titled "  Gulf War Illness and the Health of Gulf War Veterans , " was officially presented Monday to Secretary of Veterans Affairs James Peake . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen report more on Gulf War illness " According to the report , Gulf War illness is a "  complex of multiple concurrent symptoms " that "  typically includes persistent memory and concentration problems , chronic headaches , widespread pain , gastrointestinal problems , and other chronic abnormalities . " The illness may also be potentially tied to higher rates of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  -- more commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease -- among Gulf War veterans than veterans of other conflicts . The illness is identified as the consequence of multiple "  biological alterations " affecting the brain and nervous system . iReport.com : Do you know someone affected by Gulf War illness ? While it is sometimes difficult to issue a specific diagnosis of the disease , it is , according to the report , no longer difficult to identify a cause . The report identifies two Gulf War "  neurotoxic " exposures that "  are causally associated with Gulf War illness . " The first is the ingestion of pyridostigmine bromide  PB  pills , given to protect troops from effects of nerve agents . The second is exposure to dangerous pesticides used during the conflict . The report does not rule out other possible contributors to Gulf War illness -- including low-level exposure to nerve agents and close proximity to oil well fires -- though it fails to establish any clear link . The report concludes there is no clear link between the illness and a veteran 's exposure to factors such as depleted uranium or an anthrax vaccine administered at the time . "  Gulf War illness is n't some imaginary syndrome , " said Ken Robinson , the senior intelligence officer for the initial Department of Defense investigation into Gulf War illness in 1996-97 . "  This is real , and it has devastated families . Now is the time to restore the funding cuts that have been made in the Veterans Administration . Our mission has to be to ensure that these veterans get help and become whole again . " Robinson noted that soldiers in the field today are not at risk for Gulf War illness , because the military is no longer using the PB pills or pesticides that led to the illness in 1990 and 1991 . The report backs Robinson 's conclusion , noting that no problem similar to Gulf War illness has been discovered among veterans from the conflict in Bosnia in the 1990s or in the current engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq . The committee report also backs Robinson 's call for more effective treatments among veterans suffering from Gulf War illness . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Specifically , the report calls for at least $ 60 million in new annual federal funding on research committed to improving the health of Gulf War veterans .	NEW : Officer who investigated illness : "  This is real , and it has devastated families " One in four Gulf War veterans suffer from Gulf War illness , report says Pesticides , drug used to thwart effects of nerve gas called most likely to blame Illness termed "  a real condition with real causes and serious consequences "
It should come as no surprise to anyone that New York 's infrastructure was n't up to Hurricane Sandy . What happened in New York was not all that different than what 's happened in other places hit by freakish weather events -- the infrastructure was n't robust enough to withstand nature . It is not the first time it 's happened here , and it wo n't be the last . The problems in New York stem from many factors . For a start , infrastructure investment here is no more a priority than it is in other places across the country : It 's simply not something that voters want badly . When given a choice between investing in schools , health and housing or investing in sewers , tunnels or roads , the latter will always lose out . And that 's not just the view of the politicians , but also of the constituents who keep them in office . Think about what happened after the bridge collapse in Minneapolis in 2007 . The press was full of reports about the condition of our nation 's bridges , and Washington was abuzz with new ideas for financing roadway infrastructure . More than five years later , our bridges remain in much the same poor condition they were in then , and the voices screaming for an infrastructure bank or other form of dedicated financing to upgrade them have been all but muted . Of course some of the mess we are witnessing in the metropolitan region is unique to us . For largely historical reasons , New York 's power system is run by private utilities answerable to state regulators . Its subway system has also been run by the state -- in the form of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority -- ever since going bankrupt in the 1960s . So any criticism regarding the lack of investment or preparedness for a hurricane event , at least in terms of power or transit , needs to be aimed squarely at Albany , not at City Hall . News : New York divided over marathon plans To be fair , the hard-working officials who have spent decades bringing the city subway system back to a state of good repair have done a decent job of it . Compared with the dark days of the 1970s , transit stations are cleaner , subway trains are newer , and reliability and predictability are up . But the funding allocated by the state for investment in the system is nowhere near enough to take a 100-year-old system and make it a resilient one -- resilient enough to withstand the pounding it received this week . No one should stand behind age as an excuse for vulnerability in infrastructure . Consider the case of London , a city whose infrastructure is -- in almost every respect -- even older than New York 's . Yet over the last 25 years , London has grabbed one opportunity after another to bring its core infrastructure -- power , transport and water -- into the 21st century . In almost every aspect , the city 's infrastructure is today more resilient than ours . What has London done in the last several decades to modernize its systems ? To protect against flooding , a movable flood barrier was built in the Thames ; in more than 100 closures , it has proven effective in protecting the city from major storm surge or tidal events . Electric power is now produced outside the city , rather than within its boundaries . A major new sewer line is being designed to run along the Thames , part of an ambitious plan to replace the Victorian-era sewers that carry much of the city 's wastewater . Transit too has seen its share of investment , with dozens of extended and upgraded rail lines bringing life to formerly downtrodden urban neighborhoods and entirely new high-speed lines knitting together key commercial nodes across the city . The difference between the two cities is not money -- it 's governance . New York City may control its streets , but it does n't control its power system or its transit system . Unlike England , where investment decisions are made by the city in conjunction with the national government , when it comes to infrastructure we 've got a bundle of intermediary state agencies and regulators deciding what 's best for the city and how much investment it deserves -- and a bunch of state politicians circumscribing their ability to do so at every turn . New York after Sandy : A tale of two cities Not all New York infrastructure is caught in the same bind . New York 's acclaimed water system , devised by city engineers in the 19th century to bring water from the Catskills to the growing urban population , remains a model of how service delivery could be done . Well into its second century , it is controlled by the city in a businesslike fashion , its capital program underpinned by the ability to float bonds to secure needed investment . The result is that projects that contribute to the resilience of the city 's water infrastructure , such as the Third Water Tunnel now under construction , get done purposefully and with minimal political interference . There are other reasons to be optimistic about our infrastructure future . Some 125 years ago , in March of 1888 , the worst blizzard on record dumped more than 3 feet of snow on a paralyzed New York City . Telecom and electric wires , newly strung up between all of the quickly industrializing city 's buildings , collapsed and were rendered useless -- prompting a mandate to bury all cables from that point forward . The underground network that resulted from that storm is largely responsible for the extraordinarily high levels of reliability Manhattan 's electric and telecom customers have enjoyed ever since . The question now is whether Sandy will stimulate similarly new ways of thinking about our infrastructure . Will she energize what to date have been spotty efforts to prepare the city and its systems for sea level rise and storm surges ? Will the money made available by Washington in disaster relief be used to sow the seeds for real change ? Will the dislocation experienced by all focus sufficient attention on those state institutions that have been given the power to oversee the city 's infrastructure but not the ability to finance it effectively ? Let 's hope Sandy brings more than shoreline devastation in her wake . With a little luck , even this terribly large storm cloud could turn out to have a silver lining .	Kate Ascher : New York 's infrastructure was n't strong enough to withstand the storm She notes some of the city 's key systems are under control of New York state London has shown how it 's possible to upgrade old infrastructure , she says Ascher : Let 's hope the storm is an occasion to rethink the city 's infrastructure
CNN  -- The technology industry often finds itself pontificating about the future , but the busy news cycle this year gave us plenty to discuss . Very influential tech pioneers died ; cyber-security cost companies billions of dollars ; and trends in electronics and on the Web provided new tools and created new challenges . Smartphones and tablets each grew so immensely this year that we decided to give them their own mobile year-in-review list . As for future talk , there were plenty of bold , futuristic initiatives that did not quite bear fruit this year . The seeds of Hewlett-Packard 's mobile strategy , Google 's plans for Motorola post-acquisition , Intel 's 3-D silicon transistors and mobile payment systems like Google Wallet were planted this year . But those stories were left off of this list because their products did not reach a mass market in 2011 . Look for those to make big splashes in 2012 . These 10 stories in 2011 had a huge impact that could resonate for many years : 1 . Steve Jobs dies From humble middle-class roots to running the most valuable tech company in the world , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was powerful and revered . His death on October 5 after a long battle with cancer made waves around the world . Public grieving could be seen outside Apple 's hundreds of stores , where fans left flowers , candles and written notes of tribute . His authorized biography by Walter Isaacson , which came out in November , instantly became a bestseller . At Apple , Jobs helped create the personal computer industry , and built a team that worked with him to design mega hits like the iMac , iPod , iPhone and iPad . He also found time to lead Pixar Animation Studios , the "  Toy Story " creator that the Walt Disney Co. paid $ 7.4 billion to acquire in 2006 . The fast-paced tech industry halted for a moment after Jobs ' death this year , prompting business and world leaders to speak publicly about his impact . It may never be the same after . 2 . Social media 's role as a tool for protestors Much praise was heaped on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube after they played a role in the Arab Spring , a series of protests in the Middle East that started late in 2010 . Use of social networks to spread the word about demonstrations persisted this year , especially in the Egyptian uprising that toppled longtime President Hosni Mubarak . In London , participants in riots used BlackBerry Messenger . Micro reports from Occupy Wall Street and other U.S. protests frequently popped up on Twitter . Perhaps in a nod to those events , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said onstage at his conference this year , "  We exist at the intersection of technology and social issues . " 3 . Hackers The Guy Fawkes mask , a stark white symbol of political upheaval , can be seen at many Occupy protests , but the accessory from the movie "  V for Vendetta " was adopted earlier by an online group called Anonymous . Members of the loosely organized group emerged from the Internet underground this year with a series of politically fueled computer attacks on churches , e-commerce and banks . A sister group called Lulz Security staged its own hacks before quickly vanishing . After Sony 's online networks had been hacked , researchers discovered a file planted on one of its servers containing the Anonymous chant , "  We are legion . " The word "  hack " was so ingrained in people 's vernacular after all of these incidents that it became a catchphrase anytime a site was down or an account password had been stolen . 4 . Tablet market gets dozens of new entrants The decade-old tablet PC market received a jolt with new products this year , sparked by the massive success of Apple 's iPad . Electronics makers tried to figure out whether consumers were looking for tablets or just iPads . Google , with its Android tablets , and Research in Motion , with the BlackBerry PlayBook , were not pleased with the answer . Amazon.com may have cracked the formula with its $ 199 Kindle Fire . It has been selling about a million devices each week since it debuted in November . Hewlett-Packard only managed to attract meaningful sales to its TouchPad when it ran a $ 99 fire sale to clear inventory . 5 . Facebook and partners add ` frictionless ' sharing What do you call it when someone you know finds out something about you without you telling them ? Facebook calls it "  frictionless , " and companies that have implemented the feature , including some music-streaming services and news publishers , have found a great promotional vehicle . Still , many are opposed to their private reading habits being broadcast instantly to their Facebook pages . Zuckerberg is convinced people will continue publishing more about themselves online each year -- now , whether they actively choose to or not . 6 . Patent wars The biggest names in mobile , including Apple , Google , HTC , Microsoft , RIM and Samsung , have engaged in a giant game of patent Risk . These companies have filed lawsuits and countersuits in countries around the world to seek licensing agreements or block the sale of rivals ' products . Google has said that its $ 12.5 billion acquisition of Motorola Mobility was to gain the phone maker 's stockpile of patents . Check with your local government about whether you can legally buy a Galaxy Tab in stores this week . 7 . Google + People are spending more of their time on social networks than searching the Web . In other words , more Facebook and less Google . So Google created its own Facebook-like environment in Google + . Users can share photos and browse friends ' updates . Google + got off to a promising start , but Facebook has had a long lead . Google asserts that its social network is key to the future of the company . That 's a big bet . 8 . Apple becomes the most valuable company in the world When Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 , he said the company was weeks away from bankruptcy . Over the next decade , he orchestrated a masterful turnaround that culminated in Apple briefly becoming the world 's most valuable company by market capitalization . Exxon Mobil has reclaimed a sizable lead , but that should n't undermine how effective Apple has been in creating a lust for gizmos . The ultra-thin iPad 2 has done gangbusters , and the iPhone 4S , with Siri , has introduced voice-command services to a wider audience this year . 9 . IBM 's Watson beats human champs on ` Jeopardy! ' At times , the Watson computer , built by IBM , failed to understand some nuances of the English language , prompting mocking laughter . However , as the world had learned when IBM 's Deep Blue defeated chess champion Gary Kasparov , computers are n't clueless . Watson proved that two smart men , Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter , were no match for banks of servers running artificial-intelligence software . 10 . Spotify and Facebook take on digital music With iTunes and iPod , Apple had a strong formula for dominating the digital music industry . Amazon and Google have n't made a dent . But Spotify has proved itself as a worthy opponent in Europe , and after years of negotiations with the record labels , it finally hit U.S. shores this year . Facebook Music , a page that shows what friends are listening to , has helped introduce wider audiences to on-demand streaming services like Spotify , MOG , Rdio and Rhapsody .	In 2011 , perhaps no news story was bigger than the death of Steve Jobs Social media was used heavily to organize protest around the world Mysterious hacker groups rose to prominence in 2011
At least 64 people were killed in Syria on Sunday , according to an opposition activist group , as the Arab League suspended a monitoring mission designed to protect Syrian civilians from government-sponsored violence . The dead included 19 in Homs , 15 in Hama and 16 around Damascus , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Three children were among those killed , the group said . The LCC also called on Syrians to make Monday a day a remembrance . "  Please join us in observing a moment of silence as we remember the sacrifices of our fallen heroes , whose pure blood has saturated the earth of our beloved country , " it said . Earlier , another opposition activist group , the Syrian Revolution General Council , said as many as 34 people had died Sunday , including a person who had been killed under torture , a woman and two children . Heavy clashes took place in the Eastern Ghouta area outside Damascus , the LCC said . At least 50 people were wounded in random bombardment by government forces , the group said , adding the government forces attacked residential areas and cut off electricity , water and communication . The reported deaths come a day after opposition sources said at least 98 people were killed . CNN can not independently confirm reports from Syria because the government limits the activity of journalists there . Ali Erfan , senior advisor to Arab League Secretary General Nabil el-Araby , said Sunday that observer activity in Syria has been suspended , and all observers who were outside Damascus have redeployed to the capital . Some will leave the country , he said . Others will stay on for the moment in Damascus , but they will not be conducting any missions , he said , adding that he did not have details on how many are leaving and how many are staying . Russia 's foreign minister said earlier Sunday he is in favor of boosting the number of observers in Syria , adding that he did not understand why the Arab League suspended its monitoring mission . "  We should like to understand why this useful instrument is treated in such a way , " Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said , according to reports in Russian state media . The Local Coordination Committees said two Damascus men on Sunday "  tarnished the stairway of the Russian Cultural Center in red in an expression of their anger with the Russians ' support of the regime . " It did not provide further details . The Arab League announced Saturday it was suspending its mission because of a sharp increase in violence . Monitors representing the 22-nation alliance were in Syria to determine whether President Bashar al-Assad 's government is abiding by an agreement with the Arab League to end violence against anti-government protesters . "  I would support an increased number of observers , " Lavrov said . There were reports Sunday of violent clashes between Syrian troops and rebel forces , made up primarily of military defectors , in the Damascus suburb of Ghouta , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . Three people were killed in the violence , the group said . At least 10 Syrian troops were killed when a roadside bomb targeted a military vehicle in the mountains in the northwest province of Idlib , the Observatory group said . A rebel soldier was killed in clashes between the towns of Bloludan and Zabadani , the group said . A roadside bomb targeted a bus carrying Syrian troops in a Damascus suburb , killing six soldiers and wounding six others , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Sunday . Al-Assad 's government has been under international pressure to stop a brutal , months-long crackdown on an anti-government uprising that began last year . The United Nations , the United States , the European Union and members of the Arab League have called on al-Assad to end the violence and step down . Meanwhile , Syrian Kurdish political groups met in Iraq to formulate a plan to protect their rights if al-Assad is ousted . All but a few Kurdish parties attended the meeting in Irbil in Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region . In their final statement Sunday , the groups agreed to support decisions and recommendations made by the Kurdish National Council . While the Syrian groups are willing to unite with the Arab opposition in Syria , they want more self-determination and autonomy in a post-Assad Syria . The Kurds also continue to reject taking up arms and say they are afraid of Islamic undertones in the opposition groups . "  We are calling for a decentralized government because Syria is a multi-ethnic and multi-religious country , " Abdul Hakim Bashar , chairman of the Kurdish National Council , told CNN . "  We demand a secular state , so Islamist movements do n't try to interpret the system for their benefits by applying Islamic rules in a disfigured way . " However , one of the main Syrian Kurdish parties , the Democratic Union Party , or PYD , said it was excluded from the meeting . "  We have been working to unite Kurdish people and converge between different views within the Kurdish movement in Western Kurdistan and Syria , " the party said in a statement . "  This conference by the Kurdistan Democratic Party is a plan to divide rather than unite the Kurdish people . " "  We alert the public that any recommendations and decisions issued by the so-called conference is not representative of the Kurdish people in Western Kurdistan , " the group said . Kurds are Syria 's largest ethnic minority , comprising between 10 % and 15 % of Syria 's population . The United Nations last month estimated that more than 5,000 people have died since March , when the government launched a crackdown against demonstrators . Activist groups estimate a higher death toll , with counts near or exceeding 7,000 people . The opposition has blamed the deaths on government actions . The Syrian government says terrorists are responsible for the casualties . Diplomats at the U.N. Security Council are considering a draft resolution that calls on al-Assad to step down and transfer power to his vice president . Lavrov said the Arab League plans to submit new proposals to the U.N. Security Council this week . "  We need to study a report , " he said , according to the ITAR-TASS news agency in Russia . Russia , which maintains trade relations with Syria , has proposed its own draft U.N. resolution that assigns equal blame for the violence on both al-Assad and the opposition , an option dismissed by the West . Lavrov said the draft resolution remains up for discussion . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double veto of a resolution that lacked sanctions but would have condemned the violence in Syria . This latest draft also lacks sanctions but is tougher than the earlier version , which said nothing about transfer of power . There will be a Monday meeting of experts from the missions of the 15 countries on the Security Council . Syrian ambassador to the United Nations , Bashar Ja'afari , has dismissed the proposed resolution . "  Syria will not be Libya ; Syria will not be Iraq ; Syria will not be Somalia ; Syria will not be a failing state , " he told reporters .	The LCC asks that Monday be a day of remembrance The opposition group says 64 are killed Sunday Russia 's foreign minister says he would support more Arab observers The Arab League suspended its mission because of violence
CNN  -- When a new president strolls into the White House , there 's a kick in his step and a twinkle in his eyes . This photo illustration projects what President-elect Barack Obama may look like in four years . But as the years go by , the high-stakes decisions , constant criticisms and the fluctuating public opinion chip away at the president . His shoulders slump a little and his energy may seem sapped . The president ages twice as fast while in office , according to a theory advanced by Dr. Michael Roizen , a chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic . "  The typical person who lives one year ages one year , " he said . "  The typical president ages two years for every year they are in office . " Using public information , Roizen looked through medical records of previous presidents back to Theodore Roosevelt . Assessing factors such as diet , blood pressure , physical activity and lifestyle habits , he calculated that the leader of the free world ages more quickly . Roizen , who is the author of "  RealAge : Are You as Young as You Can Be ? " has not assessed the "  real age " of President-elect Barack Obama , who is 47 , because of lack of medical data . "  Barack Obama is a fairly young guy and does n't have great of a risk , " Roizen said . "  If he 's president for eight years , he ends up having the risk of disability or dying , like someone who is 16 years older . " Former president Bill Clinton entered the office with a robust head of salt-and-pepper hair and a healthy habit of running . After bitter partisan battles , the Monica Lewinsky scandal , and impeachment by the House , Clinton left office with wrinkles and powder-white hair . "  Chronic stress can produce lots of wear and tear on the body , " said James A. McCubbin , a Clemson University professor of psychology and senior associate dean of the College of Business and Behavioral Science . "  This is what we see in the changes in the appearance in the beginning and end of the presidency . " Roizen points to the experience of Ronald Reagan . "  When Reagan came into office , he stood up absolutely straight . He was joking and incredibly quick-witted about current events . When he left office , he was hunched over . The age signs on face was there . His jokes were those of olden days rather than current events , " he said . See the toll of the presidency " On Wednesday , Obama , President George W. Bush , and all three living former presidents -- Jimmy Carter , George Herbert Walker Bush , and Clinton -- are meeting in the Oval Office and then having lunch together at the White House . After eight draining years in the Oval Office , an outgoing president like George W. Bush can reverse the tolls of stress by exercising and spending time with friends , Roizen says . "  Do as many healthy things as you can adopt , " Roizen suggested . "  The main thing he should do is finding what he wants to do with the rest of his life , which is tough for presidents to find something meaningful to do . " During his second term , Bush dealt with a troubled war , a struggling economy , and sagging approval ratings . But the avid runner , mountain biker and fisherman showed that his reflexes have n't slowed . "  I mean , did you see him dodge that shoe ? " said David Zinczenko , editor-in-chief of Men 's Health magazine , referring to a December news conference in Iraq where an Iraqi journalist threw his shoes at the president and Bush swiftly ducked the flying footwear . Twice . The incoming president is also no slacker . Although accused by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of having skinny legs , Obama regularly frequents the gym and plays basketball . The president-elect was on the cover of Men 's Health in November . "  This is not a broccoli-shunning , pork rind-eating , McDonald 's - popping guy . I mean , this is someone who eats arugula and guacamole and Hawaiian pizza , " Zinczenko told CNN . Watch a report on presidential aging " "  If the worst that happens is that your hair goes a little gray , so be it . " Many recent presidents have turned to sports to decompress . Presidents have enjoyed mountain biking  George W. Bush  , golf  Clinton , Gerald Ford , Dwight D. Eisenhower  , tennis  Ford , Carter , George H.W. Bush  , jogging  Clinton , Carter and both Bushes  , swimming  Ford  , bowling  Richard Nixon  , horseshoes  George H.W. Bush  and horseback riding  Reagan  . Check out projected aging of other political leaders "  The daily routine of a president is really grueling , " Ron Nessen , Ford 's press secretary , told CNN . "  It 's hard to get thinking time . Ford talked about how when he was swimming laps , it gave him time to think about things . " During the Democratic primaries , Obama worked out at the gym in the Cleveland Clinic the morning of his debate with then-rival Hilary Clinton . Living up to his nickname "  No Drama Obama , " the candidate was remarkably calm , considering a high-stakes debate was to take place that night , Roizen recalled . "  Maybe he will age better , because he handles stress better , " he said . "  The fact that he smokes means he still has inner stress . " Retaining a close group of friends and confidants is an important way to reduce the isolation of the presidency , Roizen said . CNN 's Alina Cho and David S. Martin contributed to this report .	Presidents age twice as fast , says a theory by expert on aging at Cleveland Clinic Analysis determined by looking at medical records of previous presidents Tolls of stress can be reversed with healthy habits , says Dr. Michael Roizen Roizen : Obama has good fitness habits of exercising , but smoking does n't help
CNN  -- Passions run high at the coalface of an Ashes series and the heat clearly affects those at the pinnacle of Australian politics too . As his nation battles to win the third Test against England , and keep the five-match series alive , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has left the game 's officials in no doubt as to his disgust . With the match only a few hours old , Aussie batsman Usman Khawaja was given out caught behind by umpire Tony Hill , a call he instantly reviewed . And though countless replays offered no evidence Khawaja had hit the ball , the video umpire upheld the on-field decision , condemning the 26-year-old to a long trudge back to the pavilion . Rudd , who ousted Julia Gillard in a leadership election to become Prime Minister for a second time in June , was so incensed he took to Twitter to voice his displeasure to over 1.3 million followers . Using modern technology to bemoan cricket 's new-age technology he wrote : "  I 've just sat down to watch the test . That was one of the worst cricket umpiring decisions I have ever seen . " At the close of play on the first day , captain Michael Clarke 's unbeaten century leading his side to a commanding position at 303-3 , Rudd 's message had been retweeted 2,759 times . His viewpoint was supported by one of Australia 's greatest ever cricketers , Shane Warne , who took 708 Test wickets with his leg spin bowling during a glittering career . In his role as a television commentator he labeled the decision "  ridiculous " and was one of the thousands that retweeted Rudd 's remarks . "  There was daylight between bat and ball , there was no hot spot and no noise , " Warne said . "  The only noise was when the bat hit his pad . "  You can see the bat hitting the pad , the ball goes past , no noise . There was clear evidence there as well . That is a ridiculous decision . " Umpiring decisions have caused much controversy in the previous two Tests matches , both won by England , who is looking to retain the Ashes for the third straight series . Under the Decision Review System  DRS  both sides get two reviews per innings , meaning they can refer a decision to a video umpire if they think it is wrong . The numerous camera angles available , as well as sound and hotspot technology -- which can detect even the faintest touch of ball on bat -- are designed to eliminate bad calls . The game 's governing body -- the International Cricket Council  ICC  -- was forced to defend the umpiring during the first Test at Trent Bridge in Nottingham after a clutch of poor decisions , from the on-field umpires and their video counterpart . Rudd is the latest in a long line of Aussie Prime Ministers who have indulged their love of cricket . John Howard , who served between 1996 and 2007 , was a regular visitor to Test matches involving his country at home and abroad . He also launched a bid to become a vice-president of the ICC but was blocked by the organization 's board . Gillard was pictured at various cricketing events , while former premiers Bob Hawke and Paul Keating also tried to tap into their country 's love of the game .	Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd tweets criticism of umpiring decision in Ashes Test Rudd dismayed after batsman Usman Khawaja given out by third umpire despite review Khawaja given out caught even though replays seemed to show he had n't hit the ball Rudd calls it "  one of the worst umpiring decisions I 've seen " and is backed by Shane Warne
CNN  -- When our father , Michael Grant Cahill , was murdered in the Fort Hood , Texas , shooting on November 5 , 2009 , we were barraged with the question , "  What can we do ? " People wanted to help , get milk , make us casserole and assist relatives with travel . Support was everywhere . That support remains . In the wake of shootings in Newtown , Aurora , Tucson , Oak Creek , and too many more places , people are asking again , "  What can we do ? " First , we must stop asking "  why ? " and start asking "  why not ? " In other words , what are we doing to prevent these tragic shootings ? Opinion : Patterns and warning signs These events are caused by a perfect storm of issues . These include the proliferation of assault rifles and clips of 30 to 100 rounds , access to mental health support or lack of it , and , most important , falling short in our efforts of prevention . It is a sinking ship , and we must start filling the holes . Holes made by guns that shoot 45 rounds in 1 minute , like the semi-automatic rifle used in Newtown . Holes inspired by the glorification of the shooters in previous shootings . Their life-size faces on the cover of Time magazine , bought by you , and dominating the Internet sites you browse , while the fallen are left in the photo albums of their families . Holes made by the lack of help and understanding in our country 's mental health . Holes made by the fact that the Newtown children are not the only children we have lost to mass shootings . They are the unfortunate 20 who made us realize the water is up to our throats . The water is rising . What hole can you fill ? Can you think about prevention rather than reaction by supporting programs in our schools that encourage our children to look out for one another ? Can you be honest about what it would take to defend yourself against an assault rifle ? Can you pay attention to important legislation and contact your congressman and senators to show support or share your thoughts ? Can you stop saying , "  Glad it was n't me " and start saying "  What if it was me ? " We can not continue accepting that "  these things happen " and "  you will never stop evil . " Those statements ensure that more innocents will die . Our father charged a gun outfitted with 30-round extended clips and was shot six times . Dad never let evil get the last word . He never looked at a problem and thought it was hopeless . We must do the same , and we must be honest : sacrificing our pride and admitting that we , as a nation , have a problem . We need training for our teachers and police officers . Training that does n't just focus on how to react to shootings but knows the community and makes relationships that lead to safer communities . Opinion : Freedom Group , a gunmaker ripe for an ethical takeover Programs such as Rachel 's Challenge started after the Columbine shooting by the parents of the first student killed , Rachel Joy Scott . The Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism , started after the Oklahoma City Bombing , which trains police officers not just to recognize danger but how to create communities that are more aware . "  Random actor " trainings , by Dan Korem , teaching educators how to identify possible mass shooters , focus on at-risk kids and help those students . Gun sales are rising , but is the support for the families affected by some of those guns and commitment to prevention rising with it ? Here is the question we are haunted by : "  What is wrong with us that it takes 20 children dying in one shooting to make us change ? " And some of us still wo n't . We have to address the answers , and we have to have the conversation . Let 's start fixing the problem instead of treating the symptoms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Cahill and Vanacker : Our father was murdered in the Fort Hood shooting in 2009 They ask : What are we doing to prevent these tragic shootings ? We need training for our teachers and police officers , they say They ask : Gun sales are rising , but is commitment to prevention rising with it ?
After five days of relentless cross-examination that left Oscar Pistorius quivering , sobbing and fumbling , the athlete 's defense team now has a chance to discredit the prosecution by presenting its witnesses . During cross-examination , prosecutor Gerrie Nel accused the athlete of inconsistencies and contradictions in his testimony . His aim is to prove that Pistorius intentionally shot and killed his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , after a heated argument in the early hours of Valentine 's Day last year . The defense team now gets its chance to cast doubt on that account and prove that the star sprinter shot his girlfriend through a closed bathroom door after mistaking her for an intruder . Defense attorney Barry Roux called forensics expert Roger Dixon , who disputed a conclusion by a pathologist on the cause of Steenkamp 's back wounds . The pathologist said they were made by a bullet ricochet . Dixon said they were made by a magazine rack . The autopsy said they were made by a blunt , hard object . Nel took every opportunity to discredit Dixon , including questioning his ballistics evidence when he said none of the bullets missed Steenkamp , while the state expert had said one did . "  You see how irresponsible it is to make inferences in areas where you 're not an expert ? " Nel told him . At one point , Judge Thokozile Masipa ordered the state prosecutor to be less aggressive in his questioning . Valentine 's Day card Pistorius has maintained he was terrified when he heard noises from the bathroom . When he entered the bathroom and heard a noise behind the closed toilet door , he pulled the trigger without thinking , believing an intruder was inside . And in an apparent bid to show their romance was not as rocky as portrayed by the prosecution , Pistorius on Tuesday read a card that Steenkamp had planned to give him on Valentine 's Day . "  Roses are red , violets are blue , I think today is a good day to tell you that I love you , " the message read . Last week , Pistorius , 27 , took the stand for the first time since the trial started on March 3 to testify about what happened on the fateful day . During his cross-examination , the prosecution released details of his relationship with the model and law school graduate , which began in November 2012 . It included text messages retrieved from their phones . Nel accused him of acting selfishly toward Steenkamp , picking on her and shunning a declaration of love that she sent via a phone message . The court also heard audio recordings Dixon had made of a cricket bat striking a door similar to the one in Pistorius ' toilet , and of gunshots fired through the door . Prosecution witnesses have testified to hearing a woman scream , followed by gun shots , but the defense disputes their testimony , saying the only scream came from Pistorius after he had fired the fatal shots . The trial was later adjourned for the day . Gripping trial If Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder , he faces 25 years to life in prison . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Roux said when he opened his case . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . The trial has gripped South Africa and sports fans worldwide who considered Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the steel blades fitted to his prostheses . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand , because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed . The trial will be postponed until May 5 after Thursday 's session per the state 's request , the judge said .	After Thursday 's session , the trial will be postponed until May 5 Prosecutor has accused the athlete of inconsistencies and contradictions The defense calls forensics expert Roger Dixon He disputes a pathologist 's explanation of victim Reeva Steenkamp 's back wounds
Mental Floss  -- Major League Baseball 's umpires are all over the news after a spate of , er , questionable calls throughout this postseason . Despite larger postseason umpiring crews that include two extra umps in the outfield , it feels like an inordinate number of calls have gone the wrong way . All of these gaffes have prompted renewed debate about whether baseball should start using instant replay . How could umps blow this many calls that are so obvious when viewed in slow motion ? Are n't these guys trained professionals ? Are they handsomely rewarded ? What do we really know about the men in blue , anyway ? After some spotty officiating in the NFL last fall , we did some digging on the officials in the four major sports . Here 's what we found : They make good money A National Football League ref can make anywhere from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , although since most of the games are on Sundays , they can also have other jobs during the week .  We 'll get to those in a minute . That cash comes with responsibilities , though . In addition to relaying the calls to the teams and fans , a ref is also the crew chief , or leader , of the seven-man officiating team that also includes an umpire , a field judge , a back judge , a line judge , a side judge , and a head linesman . Officials in other sports pull down more loot , but they have much more grueling schedules ... • Baseball . According to MLB.com , MLB umpires get around $ 120,000 when they start out in the big leagues , and senior umps can earn upwards of $ 300,000 . Between spring training , a 162-game schedule , and the postseason , being an MLB ump is a job that takes up most of the year . They are , however , well cared-for while on the road . Each ump gets a $ 340 per diem to cover hotel and food , and when they fly , it 's always first class . Working a full postseason can tack on an extra $ 20,000 , plus expenses . They also get four weeks of paid vacation during the regular season . These guys hang onto their jobs , too ; on average , there 's only one opening for a new big league ump each season . • Basketball . National Basketball Association refs are similarly well compensated . They earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season . There are some nice fringe benefits , too ; when referee Tim Donaghy admitted to helping gamblers fix games , the NBA asked that he repay other benefits he 'd pulled in over the course of his 13-year career , including $ 750 worth of sneakers and $ 4500 worth of free tickets . • Hockey . If you can skate and survive the occasional lockout , National Hockey League ref is hardly a bad job . Refs make between $ 110,000 and $ 255,000 while linesmen earn from $ 72,000 to $ 162,000 . Mental Floss : Stories behind all 30 NHL team names NFL refs have day jobs Since NFL refs only work one day each week , they can have "  real " jobs to supplement what they earn on any given Sunday . Some of them actually have pretty interesting jobs . • Mike Carey , my personal favorite ref , is an entrepreneur and inventor who holds eight patents for snow sports apparel . He founded and co-owns Seirus Innovation , a ski apparel company . • Walt Coleman is infamous in Oakland for being the ref in the "  Tuck Rule Game , " but he 's also a fifth-generation dairy farmer who once held the position of president of the Arkansas Dairy Products Association . • Walter Anderson became an official in the league in 1996 and got the promotion to referee in 2003 . Prior to becoming a referee , he was better known as Dr. Walt Anderson , a dentist . • Tony Corrente is probably used to dealing with unruly crowds of guys from his day job as a high-school social studies teacher . • If Jeff Triplette seems hard to scare on the field , it 's probably because he 's seen worse . He was an Army Reserve colonel during the Persian Gulf War , where he was awarded a bronze star . Mental Floss : What 's with those AFL throwback uniforms ? • Bill Leavy is similarly tough ; he spent 27 years as a police officer and firefighter in San Jose . • Ron Winter 's not just a ref , he 's also an associate professor in Western Michigan University 's phys . ed . department . • Gene Steratore must love how he looks in stripes . In addition to being an NFL ref , he officiates NCAA hoops games and has drawn March Madness assignments in previous seasons . • And when Ed Hochuli is n't officiating a game  or working out  , you might find him in a courtroom . He 's a trial lawyer in the Arizona firm Jones , Skelton , and Hochuli , which employs over 80 attorneys . It 's a long climb to the top How does one become a ref ? Most of these guys have humble beginnings as officials . Carey started officiating Pop Warner games in 1972 and gradually worked his way up through the college ranks . Eventually , he became an NFL side judge in 1990 and received a promotion to NFL referee , the pinnacle of football officiating , in 1995 . Hochuli started as a Pop Warner ref in the early 1970s ; he was a law school student who needed a little extra pocket cash . He then slowly made his way up through high school , junior college , and small conference college ball before getting a Pac-10 gig . He eventually made it to the NFL in 1990 . It 's a slow build , but if you stick it out long enough and have some natural talent , you can be the one patting his head to signal an ineligible receiver downfield . Still not convinced it 's a tough ride ? In a recent op-ed in The New York Times , former baseball commissioner Fay Vincent cited the paltry salaries for minor-league umps : just $ 9500 for a five-month season for junior umpires , and only $ 20,000 a season for guys who have risen all the way to Triple A ball . Mental Floss : 31 unbelievable high school mascots For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	NFL ref makes from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , working mostly Sundays Other jobs held by some NFL refs include farmer , inventor and dentist MLB.com says umpires get about $ 120,000 when they start out in the big league NBA refs earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season
Acrobats , dancers and singers -- under normal circumstances , a festival featuring such tried and true attractions might not send you rushing to the Internet to book travel . But when more than 120,000 gymnasts gather in one of the world 's most secretive nations to perform a highly synchronized , 90-minute spectacle of song , dance and Cold War-style propaganda , it 's something worth looking into . Massive state-sponsored entertainment is a big part of the lure of North Korea 's annual Arirang Festival , or "  mass games , " and it 's drawing foreign visitors in increasing numbers . The Arirang Festival began Monday at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium and will run until September 9 . The festival features four mass performances each week . Its profile perhaps boosted by recent visits from Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt and professional bizarre human being Dennis Rodman , North Korea is gaining popularity as a travel destination ; a record number of foreigners is expected to attend this year 's festival . "  More people visiting is creating a snowball effect , " says Troy Collings of Young Pioneer Tours , one of a handful of travel companies that organize visits to North Korea . "  Most people think they ca n't go . As more people do go , the more word gets around , so people suddenly start seriously considering a visit to North Korea . "  It 's hard even to approximate the increase in tourists until it 's all over , but our numbers are up by about 30 % at this point . " According to Uri Tours , which specializes in North Korea travel , close to 1,000 Western tourists traveled to the country to attend the Arirang Festival last year . Koryo Tours , another of the few North Korea tour operators , estimates 1,200 to 1,500 international visitors will attend this year 's event . "  More travelers are discovering that the people and culture of -LSB- North Korea -RSB- go beyond what is seen in the everyday media , " says John Dantzler-Wolfe of Uri Tours . "  Through word of mouth , -LSB- travelers -RSB- are getting comfortable with the idea of going and experiencing this unique country firsthand . " What is the Arirang Festival ? Arirang revolves around three primary events -- gymnastics , music and what the festival itself calls "  backdrop . " Backdrop ? Sounds weird , but it 's one of the most intriguing and spectacular aspects of the festival . "  Backdrop " is supplied by tens of thousands of people in May Day Stadium working together in precision fashion . Backdrop participants are given large booklets with pages printed in different blocks of color . Held aloft in various combinations , the pages create gigantic images . When pages are flipped in concert , new images are created , making the entire stadium a sort-of human mosaic . The 90-minute , 120,000-strong extravaganza will be repeated at performances throughout the festival . An annual theme , the history of North Korea is expected to be particularly robust this year , which marks the 60th anniversary of the armistice that ended military hostility in the Korean War and the 65th anniversary of the founding of the country .	Arirang Festival began Monday at Pyongyang 's May Day Stadium ; runs until September 9 Record number of foreigners expected to attend 90-minute spectacle featuring 120,000 gymnasts will be repeated throughout festival
CNN  -- Luis Suarez leading Uruguay to a late victory over England grabbed headlines on the eighth day of World Cup group play , but before that match began another team had an arguably more important victory . Colombia 's 2-1 defeat of Ivory Coast means that the South Americans will definitely go through to the knockout stage of the competition , regardless of the results of their final group match next week , against Japan . Colombia becomes the third team guaranteed to go through . Through : Netherlands Chile Colombia There are also three teams that definitely can not qualify for the knockout stage . Defending champs Spain are the highest-profile early casualty , but they 're not alone . Out : Spain Australia Cameroon Beyond that , things get more complicated . Friday sees four teams trying to book a place in the knockout stage , as Italy face Costa Rica and France play Switzerland . All four teams won their first match . Remember , a team gets three points for a win and one for a draw . If two teams have the same number of points , the one with the greater goal difference is ahead , so -- for example -- Costa Rica 's 3-1 victory over Uruguay puts them at the top of Group D , while Italy 's 2-1 victory over England is good enough for second . In theory , any of those four teams can still go through at this point , which is why Italy 's Mario Balotelli said he wants a kiss  on the cheek  from the Queen if his side beats Costa Rica -- that would keep England 's chances alive , if slim . It may not be a surprise that Group D is turning into the most complex battle so far . Its teams are , as a whole , the highest ranking in the World Cup , with Uruguay ranked seventh in the world , Italy ninth , England 10th and Costa Rica 28th . The France-Switzerland match for the top of Group E is more likely to produce a group leader . Each team won their first match and has three points , so a draw will mean each has four and a victory for either side will give them six . The other two teams in the group , Ecuador and Honduras , both lost their first matches and have no points , so they both have to fight for a big win to have much hope of going through . If they draw , they get one point each and would only go through if either France or Switzerland win tonight , and the winner of the Ecuador-Honduras match also wins big in their last match of the group . Got that ? World Cup schedule of matches CNN 's Patrick Sung contributed to this report .	Three teams are now certain to go through to the next stage of the World Cup Three others can not get past the group stage Italy and Costa Rica are battling for a place in the final 16 , but it 's complicated Switzerland and France face off for bragging rights in their group
CNN  -- If you really want to strike a blow for the environment during Earth Day on Tuesday , do yourself and everybody else a favor and stop driving your car in town . Really -- who needs it ? This is not a message for you if you 're a farmer or live in a rural area , where it 's 20 miles to the grocery store and 100 miles to the nearest hospital . You can keep your car ; it 's a safety thing . But for the rest of you -- those of you living , working and going to school in America 's cities and big towns -- it 's time to work toward something better . This year 's Earth Day theme is green cities , and green cities should have no cars . What does driving get you anyway ? Expense : Want to give yourself a 17 % raise ? Stop driving . The average American spends more money on transportation than food each year . They spend twice as much money on transportation as on health care . Gas ai n't cheap , nor are tires , tolls , taxes , insurance , car payments , speeding tickets and parking to keep your car . Traffic : You 're late to work , in a foul mood , tired of staring at someone else 's bumper . This is the modern American condition in and around cities . And it 's getting worse every year . In 1982 , the average American spent 16 hours each year stalled in traffic ; in 2011 traffic contributed an average of 38 hours of misery per year , costing the nation an estimated $ 120 billion in lost time and wasted fuel . Noise : Horns honking . Wheels screeching . The grumble of a river of motorcars pouring down the boulevard . Excessive environmental noise is linked to insomnia , stress and deafness . Can you hear me ? An estimated 104 million Americans per year are exposed to harmful clamor , most of it derived from traffic . No parking : Studies show that on average 30 % of the traffic in cities is the result of people just cruising to find parking . What is a car without a place to park ? A two-ton albatross around the neck . Quick death : Cars are killers -- of pedestrians , cyclists and other drivers . In America , the lifetime odds of dying by car are 1 in 112 ; only cancer , heart and respiratory diseases , and suicide kill more Americans . Slow death : Cars also contribute to cancer and heart and respiratory diseases by spewing pollution , adding heat to the summer-hot city and preventing exercise . You 'd feel better and be more productive if you walked or biked your way to work , at least during the nice weather . Wasted time : On the whole , cars are a lousy way to get people around . A busy city street can move about 4,400 people in cars in an hour . The same street could move 52,000  !  people by bus , streetcar or subway in the same time and use less energy in the process . Opinion : As nuclear power dies , solar rises And I have n't even mentioned the global effects of getting cars out of cities , among them : Reducing carbon pollution would slow climate change and habitat destruction . So how would this work ? It would require vision , leadership and collective will . Just imagine how a green city might work without cars . If folks were n't spending their paychecks on the beast , then they might be more willing to support the construction of frequent , clean , attractive , more extensive and cheaper public transportation , a boon for all , especially the elderly and disabled . People might also ride their bikes , or even walk , to work , once the places formerly used to house cars  that is , parking lots and garages  have been replaced with green housing , parks and open spaces for people . Streetcars , buses and light rail could move people around above ground . Subways could be retrofitted to transport freight rather than people by night . Smaller deliveries can go by bike or clean-fuel , golf-cart-like vehicles . How about emergencies ? Fire engines , ambulances and other emergency vehicles could still use city streets and would get there all the sooner for having less traffic to wade through . And what about weekends in the country ? No problem . Take the trolley up to a city line garage , claim your car and away you go . Just park it there again when you get back .	Eric Sanderson : Earth Day 's theme is green cities . How to get there ? Get cars out of town He says Americans would save substantial money and time by not driving in cities He says cars pollute and harm the health of humans and the environment Sanderson : Biking , walking and light rail would obviate need for cars
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. government panel listed 13 countries Friday as "  egregious " violators of religious freedom . Homeless Pakistani Christians protest last month in Islamabad for protection of Christian minorities . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom 's annual report named Myanmar , North Korea , Eritrea , Iran , Iraq , Nigeria , Pakistan , China , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Vietnam . It recommended that the Obama administration designate them as "  countries of particular concern " or CPC . The group has issued a watch list that includes Afghanistan , Belarus , Cuba , Egypt , Indonesia , Laos , Russia , Somalia , Tajikistan , Turkey , and Venezuela , countries that do n't rise to the level of a CPC but need to be monitored . "  Unfolding events in Pakistan make clear the relevance of this theme to the 2009 Annual Report . At the time of writing , emboldened Taliban-associated extremists had advanced to within 60 miles of the Pakistani capital of Islamabad , " the report said . "  In the areas they already control , these groups are imposing draconian restrictions on human rights and religious freedom and engaging in brutal acts against individuals , particularly women and local police , who refused to accede to their repressive policies . " The federal commission is bipartisan , and its commissioners are appointed by the president and members of Congress . A CPC designation gives Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  a range of specific policy options to address serious violations of religious freedom . " It requires the secretary "  to enter into direct consultations with a government to find ways to bring about improvements in the respect for religious freedom . " The report covers the period May 2008 through April . The commission was created by the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 . "  While sanctions are a possible policy option , the secretary may decide to develop a binding agreement with the CPC government on specific actions that it will take to end the violations that gave rise to the designation or take a commensurate action , " the commission said . "  The secretary may determine that pre-existing sanctions are adequate or waive the requirement of taking action in furtherance of the Act . "	U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom names 13 nations Panel recommends administration designate 13 as "  countries of particular concern " Designation gives secretary of state policy options to address serious violations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Prince Harry , the younger son of Britain 's Prince Charles and Princess Diana , offered his condolences to September 11 victims Friday in his first official trip overseas . Prince Harry , 24 , the third in line to Britain 's throne , is making his first official trip overseas . Harry 's two-day visit to New York , surrounded by public officials and community activists , could reflect a change in a public image that has been marred by several incidents , including a one-day stint in drug rehab in 2002 and accusations of racism in January . At the outset of his visit , Harry stopped at ground zero with New York Gov. David Paterson and briefly talked with family members of September 11 victims . The prince then laid a wreath at the World Trade Center site and bowed his head in a moment of silence . He left a handwritten note tacked to the wreath , citing an "  admiration of the courage shown by the people " of New York on September 11 , 2001 . Watch Harry lay a wreath at ground zero " Harry later paid tribute to his fellow citizens at Lower Manhattan 's British Garden at Hanover Square , where he honored the 67 British victims of the September 11 attacks , officials said . Harry 's trip will also take him uptown to the Harlem Children 's Zone , where he and Prince Seeiso of Lesotho hope to learn how the nonprofit has succeeded in supporting children in the low-income area , officials said . Following the example of his mother , Harry will use this trip to promote his own charity for children , Sentebale . Co-founded with Lesotho 's prince , the charity supports children in the sub-Saharan country who lost parents to AIDS . Also on Harry 's agenda is a meeting with veterans of the Iraq and Afghan wars , officials said . Harry , 24 , served for two months in Afghanistan as a Coalition Forces soldier in 2007 . The third in line for the British crown , Harry is active in the British Army . He received a promotion to lieutenant in April 2008 and is training for an Army Air Corps pilot position , according to the prince 's Web site .	Prince Harry meets with relatives of September 11 victims Third in line to British throne making first official visit overseas Harry , 24 , also will lay a wreath at ground zero Prince is using trip to promote his charity for children
Bangkok  CNN  Thailand has lifted martial law , replacing it with it a controversial new security order granting sweeping powers to the ruling military junta . Critics have expressed alarm at the move , with Human Rights Watch 's Asia director Brad Adams saying it marked the country 's "  deepening descent into dictatorship . " Martial law was lifted Wednesday when the Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej approved a request from Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha to proceed . Prayuth -- head of the National Council for Peace and Order  NCPO  junta -- immediately invoked Article 44 of the country 's interim constitution "  to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability . " Article 44 states , in wide-ranging terms , that when the head of the junta believes it is necessary in the name of public harmony or to prevent the undermining of national security , then he has the power to act as deemed necessary . According to a statement issued by the NCPO , the new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability , who commit crimes involving war weaponry , or who violate the orders of the NCPO . Designated military personnel were granted powers to seize assets , to block media from reporting or publishing , and to detain suspects up to seven days , the statement said . Unauthorized political gatherings of more than five people were banned , while those who defied NCPO orders could be imprisoned for up to a year , it said . Those who were detained could not leave the country without the approval of the head of the NCPO . Human Rights Watch said in a statement that the new security order would allow Prayuth "  to issue orders without administrative , legislative , or judicial oversight or accountability . " "  Thailand 's friends abroad should not be fooled by this obvious sleight of hand by the junta leader to replace martial law with a constitutional provision that effectively provides unlimited and unaccountable powers , " Adams said in a statement . Sunai Phasuk , Human Rights Watch 's senior researcher on Thailand , told CNN the move would see Prayuth "  become a strongman with ultimate power in his hands to wield as he wishes . " "  This is a dangerous indication that the junta is not going to keep its promise to restore democracy and respect for human rights in Thailand , " he said . Rupert Abbott , deputy director for Asia Pacific at Amnesty International , called in a statement for the NCPO to "  reinstate the rule of law and constitutional protections for human rights which the 2014 coup steamrolled over . " Meanwhile , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein expressed alarm at the news . "  Normally I would warmly welcome the lifting of martial law -- and indeed strongly advocated for it to be lifted in Thailand , " the High Commissioner said . "  But I am alarmed at the decision to replace martial law with something even more draconian , which bestows unlimited powers on the current Prime Minister without any judicial oversight at all . This clearly leaves the door wide open to serious violations of fundamental human rights . " Martial law was imposed shortly before Thailand 's military seized power last May , ousting the democratically-elected government of Yingluck Shinawatra after months of sometimes violent street protests . Since then , the NCPO has curbed civil liberties , muzzled the media and rounded up opponents . Amnesty International says that since May , hundreds of people have been arbitrarily held and dozens brought before military courts for engaging in peaceful political gatherings or expression . Thai political scholar and coup opponent Pavin Chachavalpongpun told CNN that the move from martial law to the new security order amounted to "  pouring the same wine into a new bottle . " "  The junta is trying to reinvent itself , but the substance is still there , " he said . "  In a word : it 's absurd . Everyone knows in Thailand they had to abolish the martial law because of international pressure . "  But Article 44 is a lot worse than the martial law because it gives total power to the NCPO . " Thailand 's military rulers have insisted that such restrictive measures are needed to maintain stability , following a decade of political conflict which has pitted a royalist , middle-class Bangkok elite against Shinawatra 's supporters , mostly drawn from the urban working class or the rural north . But Pavin did not believe there was a sufficient threat to national security to justify the new order . "  The notion of national security has been exploited over and over , " he said . A spokesperson for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said it was important that Thai citizens were allowed "  to freely exercise their fundamental rights , including the rights of freedom of expression and peaceful assembly . "	Martial law has been lifted in Thailand after 10 months It has been replaced by a new order granting sweeping powers to the military junta Critics warn the move deepens the country 's "  descent into dictatorship "
CNN  -- Police arrested a woman Friday who they said accepted stolen beer from a delivery truck driven by the man who killed eight people and then himself in Connecticut this week . East Windsor , Connecticut , police arrested Christy Quail , 33 , and charged her with sixth-degree larceny after getting a videotape showing her accepting beer from a truck driven by Omar Thornton , according to dispatcher Sharon Bourke . Thornton went on a shooting rampage Tuesday after his employer , Hartford Distributors , said it had asked him to resign for stealing and selling alcoholic beverages . Thornton is not clearly shown in the videotape , which police are not releasing to the news media , Bourke said . Thornton 's girlfriend told CNN he was being racially harassed at work , but Hartford Distributors ' president said Thursday that there were no grievances filed with the company or with Thornton 's union . The company said it hired a private investigator to follow and videotape Thornton for several weeks after it was suspected he was stealing from his truck , according to CNN Hartford affiliate WFSB . Quail was processed at the East Windsor Police Department on Friday and released on bond , Bourke said . Her court date is set for August 17 . CNN 's Meg Miller contributed to this report .	Police say they have a videotape of the woman accepting stolen beer The Connecticut shooter is not clearly visible in tape Omar Thornton 's employer said it asked him to resign for stealing and selling its beverages
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Four active-duty U.S. soldiers -- three of them elite Army Rangers -- have been arrested and charged with planning to rob drug traffickers . A courtroom sketch shows David White , left , Stefan Champagne , center , and Carlos Lopez . Wearing street clothes , Rangers Carlos Lopez , 30 , and David Ray White , 28 , and Army medic Stefan Andre Champagne , 28 , appeared in federal court Friday . They 're charged with conspiracy to possess and distribute cocaine and with carrying firearms in connection with that conspiracy . U.S. Magistrate Judge Alan Baverman ordered them held in custody until a preliminary hearing Wednesday . Another Ranger , Randy Spivey , 32 , is scheduled to appear in court Monday . "  It is a sad day when members of one of America 's most elite corps of soldiers , the Army Rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , " U.S. Attorney David E. Nahmias said of the case . "  These men were trained to defend the people and principles of this country , not to use their skills to steal cocaine from drug dealers at gunpoint . " Lopez , White and Champagne were arrested Thursday at a storage facility in Sandy Springs , Georgia , a suburb just north of Atlanta , by agents of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives who had set up a sting operation . Spivey was apprehended at Camp Frank D. Merrill , an Army Ranger training center in Dahlonega , Georgia , on Friday , the ATF said . Dahlonega is about 60 miles north of Atlanta . Lopez , White and Champagne were to commit the robbery while Spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with U.S. District Court . All four were to get a cut of the spoils of the robbery , the affidavit from ATF Agent Brett Turner says . The investigation began in November , when the ATF "  became aware " that some soldiers were interested in robbing drug dealers of their cocaine , Turner says . He posed as a disaffected security guard for the drug traffickers who wanted to "  rip them off . " The first try to set up the "  robbery " failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the Ranger camp . A subsequent search found that Lopez , White and Champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an AR-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle . Agents also found a ski mask , binoculars and a Taser among the items the men brought with them . The four soldiers face minimum mandatory sentences of 10 years in prison each for the drug conspiracy and an additional five years , consecutive , for the weapons allegation . The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force capable of deploying anywhere in the world within 18 hours . They became a permanent presence in the U.S. military in the 1970s . From the Colonial Era until that time , Rangers were activated for specific missions or conflicts and then deactivated when their work was completed . E-mail to a friend	Arrests made after ATF agents set up a sting operation Affidavit : ATF "  became aware " some soldiers wanted to rob dealers of their cocaine The investigation began in November The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force
CNN  -- Amazon only this week acknowledged the storm it raised earlier this month when it made it much harder for consumers to buy books by Hachette , a major French publisher , in order to extract better contract terms . The spat has affected titles by authors ranging from Malcolm Gladwell to J.K. Rowling to J.D. Salinger , whose books Amazon has suddenly made unavailable or more expensive , or which the online retailer says will take many weeks to ship . In its first public statement recognizing the dispute , Amazon notes the standoff is unlikely to end any time soon . This fight is part of a long drawn-out battle between publishers and Amazon , which has used its immense control over the book market  by some estimates it sells up to 50 % of print and electronic books in the U.S.  to reshape the industry . Understandably , authors , publishers , and others from the literary world reacted to Amazon 's latest play with alarm , cautioning that its brute exercise of power threatens not only the economic underpinnings of their industry , but also the very quality of books and diversity of ideas . Amazon , meanwhile , has tried to defuse the frenzy of attention , explaining that its tactics are just a routine part of how retailers negotiate with suppliers . Many journalists , too , have echoed Amazon 's point : Sure , it might seem unfair for Amazon to use its clout this way , but is n't it just how it goes ? And if it means Amazon charges us less for books , are n't we better off ? They 're important questions -- ones that get to the heart of a decades-old law that , if still enforced by government , would likely go some way in taming this fight , and drastically curb Amazon 's power over the book industry in general . Called the Robinson-Patman Act of 1936 , the law prohibits a retailer from wielding its mere size to bully suppliers for discounts . Congress passed the law as the rise of A&P -- America 's first modern mega-chain store -- was shuttering independent businesses . Also known as the "  Anti-Price Discrimination Act , " the law basically limits the clout won from size , establishing that a retailer ca n't simply secure better terms because it is bigger and therefore has more bargaining power .  The law also applies to suppliers , prohibiting them from discriminating against small retailers in favor of big ones . Preventing large chain stores from muscling exclusive discounts from suppliers based on size and not service or cost-justifications , the idea went , would give smaller entities a fair chance at competing . It did n't matter if retailers passed on these savings to consumers or not . It was fair competition that mattered . Through the 1970s , antitrust agencies enforced the act pretty vigorously ; in the 1960s alone the government brought 518 Robinson-Patman cases . Enforcement began to drop under President Carter , and the Reagan administration -- which ushered in a fundamental shift in antitrust policy more generally -- scaled back enforcement even further . Successive administrations have largely followed suit : The Clinton administration brought just one case between 1993 and 2000 , and neither the Justice Department nor the Federal Trade Commission has wielded the law since . Federal courts , too , have made it much harder to win a price discrimination suit . But the law is still on the books , and is important to recall because it enshrines a key tenet : That preserving fair competition requires that we curb the bullying power of size . So it is true that retailers and suppliers have a right to negotiate however they please . But the relative bargaining power between the two parties is an important factor when considering what is anti-competitive . Several journalists have compared Amazon 's actions to those of Wal-Mart , which famously uses its market dominance to squeeze suppliers -- a strategy it has applied forcibly enough to transform entire industries . What this analogy misses , though , is that even Wal-Mart 's license to use its heft this way is relatively new . "  If the government still enforced Robinson-Patman , it would go a fair way towards limiting the power of Amazon , " said Oren Teicher , CEO of the American Booksellers Association , which represents independent bookstores . He would know : In the 1990s , ABA brought numerous cases against both publishers and chain stores for violating Robinson-Patman . Somewhat perversely , until now , the closest encounter Amazon has had with antitrust authorities was when it successfully prodded them to bring a case against five major publishers and Apple . That fight , too , centered on the price of e-books . In order to wrest control back from Amazon -- which had been pricing digital bestsellers and new titles at a flat $ 9.99 , a fraction of the price of physical copies and sometimes even lower than wholesale -- publishers had adopted a new pricing arrangement , known as the "  agency model . " After getting Apple on board , publishers extended the model to all booksellers -- including Amazon . After losing the ability to undercut its competitors , its share of the market fell from 90 % to around 65 % . Amazon responded by filing a complaint with the FTC , and in 2012 the Justice Department sued Apple and the publishers for collusion . As part of their settlement , publishers temporarily lost the right to the agency model , handing back to Amazon the power to slash prices . In the years since , its share of the e-book market has , predictably , risen again , positioning it to leverage that market power against Hachette . It 's worth remembering that its tactic -- holding the publisher hostage unless it concedes to better terms -- flouts the principles of anti-price discrimination laws . Accepting Amazon 's argument that the nature of its fight with the publisher is innate to how markets work ignores a key piece of American history . Report : Amazon adding music streaming to Prime	Amazon made it much harder for consumers to purchase books by publisher Hachette Lina Khan : Government could play a role in bringing contract dispute to an end Books by J.K. Rowling and Malcolm Gladwell are among those affected Khan : Government has largely stopped enforcing a key antitrust law
CNN  -- A pedophile suspect who became the subject of an international manhunt this week after an appeal from Interpol has been detained in the United States . Wayne Nelson Corliss was arrested at his New Jersey apartment . Wayne Nelson Corliss , 58 , was arrested at his apartment in Union City , New Jersey , about midnight Wednesday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents , Interpol said in a written statement . He is believed to have worked as an actor using the name Casey Wayne and to have worked as a Santa Claus in New York during the holiday season , Interpol said . Corliss appeared Thursday before a U.S. magistrate in Newark , New Jersey , but did not enter a plea . During that appearance , prosecutors said he had confessed and acknowledged traveling to Thailand , where on three occasions he abused boys between 6 and 10 years old after using a madam to find them . Prosecutors said he brought back a pair of boys ' underwear as a souvenir . It was among items found in his apartment , along with five hard drives containing more than 1,000 images of child pornography , according to prosecutors . In addition , authorities said Corliss admitted to frequenting online chat rooms that discuss having sex with children . Interpol announced Tuesday that it was attempting to identify the man , who was featured in 100 photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of 6 and 10 , it said . The images came to light in 2006 , when Norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested . They were believed to have been taken in Southeast Asia . Interpol posted six pictures of the suspect on its Web site . "  Two days ago , this man 's nationality , identity and location were totally unknown , " Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said . "  All we had to go by were a series of graphic photographs in which the suspect was seen sexually abusing young children and our confidence that the public and police worldwide would once again respond to Interpol 's call for assistance . "  That two days later the primary suspect is now in custody is an outstanding achievement and credit to the citizens , media and law enforcement worldwide who responded to Interpol 's call . " Corliss is charged with producing child pornography , according to prosecutors . He faces a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison , with a 10-year minimum , if convicted in the United States . Other charges could be sought when the case is presented to a grand jury , said Michael Drewniak , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey . The images found in 2006 were on a computer and stored in a file named "  Thai -- Luv , " according to the criminal complaint filed against Corliss , which was released by the Department of Justice . Data on the images showed that they had been taken in 2000 . The complaint alleges that the suspect 's face is clearly shown and the background suggests the images were taken in Thailand . "  The images depict an airport luggage tag with the code ` BKK . ' BKK is the luggage tag code for Suvarnabhumi International Airport in Bangkok , Thailand . " Also shown is a "  Chang " water bottle , common in Thailand , the court documents said . A search of U.S. passport information found an image of Corliss that police compared to the photographs , the complaint said . "  Furthermore , databases maintained by the Department of Homeland Security indicated extensive travel to Asia by defendant Corliss . " On Wednesday , Interpol said it was sifting through hundreds of tips that had poured in . The organization , which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies , said Thursday that it received nearly 250,000 visits to its Web site within the first 24 hours after its appeal was launched -- more than 10 times the daily average . Such tactics have proved successful for Interpol in the past . In October , it disseminated pictures of another man whose face -- altered to disguise his identity -- appeared in more than 200 images of sex acts with children , thought to have been taken in Vietnam and Cambodia . Ten days later , Christopher Paul Neil , a 32-year-old Canadian who had been working as an English-language teacher in South Korea , was arrested in Thailand and charged with child abuse after police managed to reverse the photo-masking process . After the success of that operation , Interpol 's general assembly approved a resolution allowing Interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	U.S. federal agents detain pedophile suspect sought in global hunt Interpol believe that he worked as a Santa Claus in New York NEW : Suspect Wayne Nelson Corliss , appears in court ; no plea entered NEW : Prosecutor tells court he admits abusing boys age 6 to 10 in Thailand
CNN Student News  -- December 5 , 2014 This Friday 's show is especially diverse in scope : It involves the subjects of science , law , biology , engineering and art . You 'll hear why one city in Philippines is particularly troubled about Typhoon Hagupit , and you 'll learn why this year 's flu vaccine is less effective than previous doses . We also cover a grand jury 's decision in New York that 's sparking protests in other cities . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . The U.S. Navy 's first ship , a frigate , was launched in the harbor of what historic city ? 2 . What is the abbreviation for the virus that causes AIDS ? 3 . What is the name of the nuclear plant that became the site of the worst nuclear accident in world history ? 4 . In what year did an earthquake and tsunami in Japan cause the world 's second-worst nuclear disaster ? 5 . Five members of what NFL team caused controversy on Sunday by taking the field with their hands up ? 6 . In what war-torn , Middle Eastern nation would you find the heavily damaged town of Kobani ? 7 . What is the name of the $ 370 million space capsule that NASA was scheduled to launch this week ? 8 . What Communist country recently made headlines when it banned its media from using puns ? 9 . Name the turbulent river that blind adventurer Erik Weihenmayer recently paddled through on a kayak . 10 . Meaning "  lash " in Filipino , Typhoon Hagupit is threatening what Pacific island nation ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Of the eight "  Harry Potter " movies Daniel Radcliffe made , there 's one in particular that sets his teeth on edge . The 25-year-old actor , who portrayed J.K. Rowling 's adolescent wizard hero for 10 years starting at age 11 , admits to the Daily Mail that it pains him to watch 2009 's "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . " "  I 'm just not very good in it , " Radcliffe bluntly told the UK publication . "  I hate it . My acting is very one-note and I can see I got complacent , and what I was trying to do just did n't come across . " It 's not that Radcliffe is ungrateful for the experience . On the contrary , he calls the opportunity to play the globally adored character "  an incredible blessing , because it gave me this opportunity to start a fantastic career . " But Radcliffe was still getting started as an actor when he was cast in 2001 's first "  Potter " film , meaning the franchise also holds "  the moments I 'm not as proud of , " Radcliffe said . "  Mistakes other actors get to make in rehearsal rooms or at drama school are all on film for everyone to see . " Though admittedly self-critical , there is one "  Potter " flick that Radcliffe is happy with : "  My best film is the fifth one , " he tells the Daily Mail of 2007 's "  Order of the Phoenix , " "  because I can see a progression . " As he 's taken on more complex and varied roles in an effort to leave Potter behind , Radcliffe has become more confident in his talent . In August , he stars in the romantic dramedy "  What If , " playing a character that 's "  someone most like myself , " he told the Daily Mail . "  I 'm definitely the geeky guy who wants to be in a relationship , " he said . "  And it was a big thing for me to do a modern-day romance . There was no point in this film where I had to get covered in blood or cry over the body of someone or pull someone out of a muddy bog . " No more ` Harry Potter ' films , Daniel Radcliffe says	Daniel Radcliffe is n't keen on the sixth film in the "  Harry Potter " franchise He feels he 's "  just not very good in it " His favorite installment is the fifth film in the franchise
Crews have found the bodies of the Turkish pilots killed in last month 's downing of their jet by Syria , an incident that prompted an outbreak of hostile rhetoric between the two nations that continued Wednesday . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , in an interview published in the Turkish newspaper Cumhuriyet Wednesday , lambasted Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for interfering in Syrian internal politics . And Turkey 's foreign minister disputed some of al-Assad 's assertions Tuesday about the downing of the jet . Syria shot down the F-4 Turkish Phantom jet on June 22 , intensifying the animosity between the countries , whose once-close relationship has eroded since the al-Assad regime begain cracking down on opposition forces 16 months ago . "  We would never allow outsiders to interfere in our affairs , " al-Assad told the newspaper . "  This initial desire to interfere in our internal affairs , unfortunately , made Turkey a party in all the bloody activities in the later process . Turkey has supplied all kinds of logistic support to the terrorists who kill our people . " Al-Assad : I wish the Turkish jet shootdown did n't happen Al-Assad accused Erdogan of "  acting with sectarian impulses . " Most of the populations of Turkey and Syria are Sunni , but the al-Assad regime is dominated by Alawites , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . Erdogan , whose government is hosting anti-Assad opposition groups and thousands of Syrian refugees fleeing Syria 's violence , wants "  terrorists to be free in Syria , " al-Assad said , asserting that the prime minister is "  very excited about the Muslim Brotherhood movement in Syria " -- a Sunni movement . "  The impulse to help and defend Muslim Brotherhood constituted the real starting point and basis of the Syria policy that Erdogan has been following , " al-Assad said , accusing the Turkish prime minister of a setting a double standard in his foreign policies . "  For example , why does he cry for the Syrian people in a hypocritical way but  is  not crying for those killed in the Gulf countries ? " he asked . "  Why does n't he meddle with the democracy problems of those countries ? " Al-Assad 's published comments came as the Turkish military reported finding the bodies of the two Turkish pilots of the downed jet . The bodies of Capt. Gokhan Ertan and First Lt. Hasan Huseyin were "  found at the bottom " of the Mediterranean Sea , "  shot by Syria in the international waters , " the military said in a statement . Turkish crews were working to retrieve the bodies , the military said . In the first installment of the interview with the Syrian president , published Tuesday in Cumhuriyet , al-Assad expressed regret over the plane incident . He said his soldiers had thought it was an Israeli warplane . "  The Turkish people are our brothers and something that would make them sad would never make me happy and it did not . If this was an Israeli plane , of course , I would have been happy , " he said . The plane was using the same flight corridor that Israeli planes had used three times before , he said . "  Since we could n't see it on our radars and no information was given either , the soldiers downed it . We learned that it belonged to Turkey after shooting it down . " But Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , in an interview with the Turkish newspaper , asked , "  How many times have they fired at an Israeli plane before ? Moreover , they are legally at war with Israel . That they launched such an attack on our plane even when no such attack has been launched against an Israeli plane shows that they do not have any goodwill towards us . " Davutoglu also disputed al-Assad on the radar claim . "  Either the Syrian air defense is not as powerful as he claims or what he says is a clear lie . As soon as our plane takes off from Malatya , all the countries in the area can monitor the movements of it . This is not a secret but an open mission , and the profile of the flight is one that can be monitored by countries even with the simplest airspace systems . It is also wrong that they say they could n't determine its identity because we also have records that they identified it . "  They say we would not shoot it down if we knew it was a Turkish plane . Let 's say they did n't know the RF-4 was a Turkish plane , then why did they open fire on the Casa plane that was going for help ? It was obvious that it was coming from Turkey , " he said . Turkey scrambles jets as Syrian choppers near border Davutoglu said he agreed with just one of the comments made by al-Assad in the Tuesday interview . "  That is when he says , ` If I knew it would be for the good of my country , I would n't stay even for a day . ' That is very correct and he should do what this requires as soon as possible . He should not stay there even for a day , " Davutoglu said . Meanwhile , at least 70 people -- including 10 children and three women -- were killed Wednesday in Syria , opposition activists said . The carnage has spiked in recent days , with at least 109 people killed Sunday , 114 people Monday and 71 Tuesday , opposition activists said . The regime maintains it is fighting against "  armed terrorist groups . " Opposition activists and many world leaders say regime forces have been attacking cities nationwide in an attempt to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . His family has ruled Syria for more than 40 years . This week , Syrian authorities "  stormed terrorists dens " in the Homs countryside and seized a warehouse containing explosive devices , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Wednesday . CNN can not independently confirm the reports of casualties or violence because Syria restricts access by international journalists . Syrian opposition leaders who have been meeting in Cairo said they support the rebel Free Syrian Army and oppose negotiations with the al-Assad regime . They said they believe U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point peace plan needs to be strengthened so it can be executed effectively . The opposition supports Annan 's plan in theory , but say it has to be improved . That sentiment comes on the heels of a plan laid out by global diplomats in Geneva over the weekend that called for a transitional government to be established . According to the plan , backed by Russia and China as well as the West , such a government "  could include members of the present government and the opposition and other groups and shall be formed on the basis of mutual consent . " The Syrian Foreign Ministry issued a statement of general support for the plan , but did n't address the transitional government issue . "  We have noticed the vagueness of several points in the final document , which need explanation , " the ministry said . "  However , since the participants adhere to the fact that the Syrian population alone is the final decision maker with regards to its future with no foreign intervention , then all matters are negotiable in a national dialogue . " More than 14,000 people -- most of them civilians -- have been killed since the Syrian uprising began 16 months ago , opposition groups said . A spokesman for the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Wednesday that the group had tallied the total killed at 16,757 . Of them , 11,657 were civilians , 4,227 were members of the military or security forces and 873 were defectors or members of the opposition Free Syrian Army , said Rami Abdulrahman , the spokesman . Opinion : Tracking down torture in Syria Report describes torture in Syria New attempt to end Syrian bloodshed brings optimism , doubt	Al-Assad accuses Turkey of interfering in Syria 's internal affairs Turkey 's foreign minister disputes al-Assad on some points Syria 's shootdown of the Turkish jet intensified the animosity Opposition leaders huddled in Cairo
Philadelphia  CNN  -- In the fourth day of deliberations in the trial of a Philadelphia abortion doctor , jurors asked Friday for a description of the babies the doctor is accused of killing . Prosecutors say Kermit Gosnell , 72 , killed babies by using scissors to cut their spinal cords . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born alive and viable during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . In addition to asking for the description of the four babies , the jurors asked to be given the written definition of RICO charges , and a property receipt for the medications removed from the clinic and put into evidence . RICO charges extend from the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act . After consulting with attorneys , Judge Jeffrey Minehart answered the jury in the deliberation room . Gosnell and his co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , were not in the courtroom . The nature of the questions indicate the jury has completed the charge sheet for O'Neill -- who is charged with practicing without a license , not performing illegal abortions -- and have moved on to Gosnell . If found guilty of first-degree murder , Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , could be sentenced to death . Gosnell originally faced first-degree murder charges in the deaths of seven babies and a count of third-degree murder in the death of Karnamaya Mongar , 41 . Mongar died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Minehart threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges last week . On the first day of deliberations , the jury sent out questions regarding one of the name of a patient and the definition of "  theft by deception . " O'Neill , who is a medical school graduate , is charged with participating in the operation of a corrupt organization and theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . Gosnell also is charged with conspiracy , abortion at 24 or more weeks of pregnancy , theft , corruption of minors , solicitation and other related offenses . He and O'Neill have pleaded not guilty . The babies Gosnell is accused of killing include one that a former employee testified whined after it was expelled from its mother ; one that a former employee testified was a large baby boy that breathed before having its neck snipped and was placed into a plastic box the size of a shoebox ; one whose neck was snipped after an employee played with the baby ; and one that was delivered into a toilet and appeared to be swimming before being scooped up and having its neck snipped . Defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . In his closing argument , he accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell , who is African-American , has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . Minehart also has tossed out all five abuse-of-corpse charges relating to storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers . The judge dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Gosnell also is accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . Nine others who worked in the west Philadelphia medical office , including Gosnell 's wife and sister-in-law , also were charged . Eight have pleaded guilty .	The jury is in the fourth day of deliberations in the trial of Kermit Gosnell Jurors ask for a description of the four babies he is accused of killing They also ask for a definition of RICO charges and a list of medications taken from the clinic
CNN  -- Friday , January 22 10:37 p.m. -- CNN 's Brian Todd reports on a fire at what is believed to be a textile factory in Port-au-Prince . Watch 9:02 p.m. -- Israeli rescuers pulled a 22-year-old man from the ruins of a three-story building in Port-au-Prince on Friday , 10 days after the January 12 earthquake . The man , who was not immediately identified , was rescued near the quake-ravaged presidential residence south of the capital , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The rescuers "  were able to release him whole and healthy " and take him to an IDF field hospital in stable condition for further treatment , " Maj. Zohar Moshe said . 8:41 p.m. -- Thousands of earthquake victims ' bodies have been buried in mass graves northwest of Port-au-Prince , a manager at the site tells CNN 's Brian Todd . Watch 7:39 p.m. -- Haitians have to be in the driver 's seat as they try to rebuild their country , the head of the International Monetary Fund says . "  We can provide resources , but there must be ownership by the Haitians themselves and especially by the Haitian authorities , " Dominique Strauss-Kahn told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He previously has called for some kind of Marshall Plan like the one that rebuilt Western Europe after World War II . 7:10 p.m. -- About 4 million pounds of food are being sent by barge from Puerto Rico to Haiti , CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers reports . Puerto Rican authorities say that when it arrives in Haiti on Monday morning , it will be the single largest shipment of aid to arrive there to date . The food is said to be enough to feed the people of Port-au-Prince for a week . Organizers say it would take 150 planes to carry as much cargo . 6:42 p.m. -- About 250,000 people in Haiti are in urgent need of aid and another 3 million have been affected , according to the European Union , whose commissioner for development and humanitarian aid , Karel De Gucht , got a firsthand view of the situation in Port-au-Prince this week . The EU has estimated the death toll in Haiti to be at 200,000 . 5:31 p.m. -- A Haitian woman who was trapped in her collapsed house for five days with her 20-year-old daughter talks about her desperate , unsuccessful attempts to keep the daughter alive . Read 5:13 p.m. -- A man was killed , apparently by someone striking him with a concrete block , on one of the busiest streets in Port-au-Prince today . Witnesses say the man was trying to steal people 's money . One person called it "  citizen justice . " Read 4:55 p.m. -- Yele Haiti , the nonprofit formed by musician Wyclef Jean , says it hired an accounting firm in the wake of increased public scrutiny of its finances , CNNMoney.com reports . The announcement comes days after Jean tearfully denied allegations that he misappropriated funds from his charity . The accusations emerged after the Haitian native returned to the U.S. following several days of relief work in Port-au-Prince in the wake of the January 12 earthquake . Read 1:39 p.m. -- The international aid organization Partners in Health reports it has 24 operating rooms established and working 24 hours a day in Haiti . More than 140 surgeons , nurses , anesthetists and other specialists were involved in the organization 's quake relief effort , it said . 1:20 p.m. -- CNN 's Ivan Watson speaks to a fisherman in Petit Paradis , Haiti , who describes a tsunami from the 7.0-magnitude earthquake more than 12 feet high . The water swept away his father and at least three other people in the fishing village , the fisherman tells Watson . 12:24 p.m. -- As of Thursday evening more than $ 355 million in donations had been raised for relief efforts , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . The estimate is based on a survey of 35 charities contributing the largest amounts of money to Haiti . 11:57 a.m. -- Corporate donations to Haiti earthquake relief have surpassed $ 100 million , according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's Business Civic Leadership Center . The center reports the $ 106 million donated so far is the fifth-largest corporate response to a natural disaster ever , trailing only hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 , the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , and earthquakes in Kashmir  2005  and China  2008  . 11:25 a.m. -- Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help raise money for the the victims of the Haiti earthquake . They will be among 40 internationals lining up for the United Nations Development Program 's annual game , which will be held in Lisbon , Portugal , on Monday . Read How you can help 10:18 a.m. -- The International Organization for Migration reports that as of Friday 508 makeshift settlements have been identified in the area of Port-au Prince . Surveys by the organization and the Haitian government of 314 of those settlements put their population at 472,000 . 7:54 a.m. -- The U.S. Geological Survey reports a 4.4-magnitude aftershock strikes about 15 miles north-northwest of Port-au-Prince . Depth was about 6 miles . Share your earthquake stories 6:40 a.m. -- Authorities pushing to clear earthquake-relief bottlenecks in Haiti continue to work Friday to improve the flow of relief supplies at the south pier in Port-au-Prince . The January 12 quake damaged the capital 's north and south piers . Haitian authorities and the U.S. military had restored one-way traffic to the south pier , which is the smaller of the two , by Thursday . Port-au-Prince 's north pier remains unusable . Follow daily developments : January 12 January 13 January 14 January 15 Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday	Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
EW.com  -- "  Katie " may be daytime 's most colorful show . The greenroom is literally painted a soft mint green . Deep blues adorn the high-tech , mechanized set . Audience members are decked out in numerous brightly hued cardigans . And Monday , the show 's stage was bathed by sultry red lights in honor of Couric 's guest -- Erika Leonard , a.k.a. "  Fifty Shades of Grey " author E L James .  "  Fifty Shades " hero Christian Grey does his dirtiest deeds in a chamber known as the Red Room of Pain . The kinky theme did n't stop with that crimson glow . For one day only , the usually demure "  Katie " logo was adorned with a pair of handcuffs naughtily looped around the "  k. " And Couric herself drew whoops from the audience when she appeared at the top of the hour in a sleeveless black leather dress and sky-high stilettos -- to the tune of Rihanna 's "  S&M , " naturally . "  Relax -- this wo n't hurt at all , " Couric joked , introducing herself as our "  mistress " for the day . What would Matt Lauer think ?! Given all this , audience members probably expected James to emerge wearing an "  American Horror Story " - style rubber fetish suit -- or at least to be as boisterous and open as Anastasia Steele 's inner goddess . In actuality , James is a shy , normal-looking lady in her 40s who speaks so softly that I had difficulty hearing her from backstage -- not exactly what you 'd expect from a woman who has sold 30 million copies of her erotic novels in just six months . And honestly , James still seems pretty flabbergasted by all the attention her work is getting . "  It 's ridiculous , " she said in wonder when asked about the 50 Shades phenomenon . Despite the fact that her books have been credited with single-handedly saving Barnes & Noble from oblivion , James ' lifestyle has n't changed much since her bestselling trilogy was published . Her teenaged sons still tease her , though they 're also supportive of  and a little embarrassed by  her success ; her only major purchase has been a new Volkswagen . "  I know how to live , ladies ! " she joked after Couric mentioned the car . And yes , she asked whether the backseat was big enough to have sex in before making a down payment . Couric 's audience ate it all up , howling with laughter at a video clip from a Fifty Shades-themed exercise class and nodding thoughtfully when a specialist from the Kinsey Institute called the books "  the sex version of the cupcake . "  It made sense in context .  When it came time to pose their own questions , they asked whether James has plans to write something from Christian Grey 's perspective  answer : maybe  , if she 's got any advice for those looking to dip a toe into the world of BDSM  "  I would say start with a tie , honestly "  , and who she 'd pick to star in the upcoming film adaptation of the series ' first novel . James was coy about this last query , saying only that she has three unnamed actors in mind for Christian and four in mind for Anastasia . But Katie 's audience has a few casting ideas of its own : According to Facebook polls , they 'd like to see Gilmore Girls alum Alexis Bledel as the naive college grad and Vampire Diaries hottie Ian Somerhalder as the handsome billionaire who sweeps her off her feet , then chains her to the wall . But though she 's staying tight-lipped about the film , James was open and honest when asked how she handles criticism . The Brit has a pretty zen approach to those who badmouth her writing : "  Somebody likes it , " she said with a shrug . As for those who do n't ? She tries not to sweat them -- "  It 's just noise , " James explained . She advises those who want to replicate her success to embrace that same outlook : "  Write for yourself , " she told aspiring authors . "  That 's it . And write every day . " Before saying goodbye , Couric genially asked James if the interview had been painful -- innuendo intended -- and James joked that it had n't been "  painful in the right way . " And thus ended the kinkiest episode of daytime television since the golden age of Jerry Springer . Though she put on a brave face , it seems like taking off her handcuff-inspired bracelet and watching the lights shift from naughty red to regular white might have been a relief for Couric -- during a post-show Q&A , the TV vet admitted that she would n't let her 16 and 21-year-old daughters read James ' bestsellers . "  But I 'm a prude , as you guys can tell , " she quipped before leaving the stage for good . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Katie ' went kinky for E L James ' appearance James is not her erotic characters : she is shy and normal James has not changed her life for her fame
CNN  -- Rising from the desert like a space-age skyscraper , there is something equally awe-inspiring and unnerving about the five-star Meydan Hotel . At night , the sleek glass building glows green and purple , its distinctive crescent roof looming high above the manicured race track below . It 's an opulent and eerily futuristic setting befitting the richest horse race on the planet -- the Dubai World Cup , which kicks off this weekend . With more than $ 27 million in prize money on offer over the 11-day carnival , it 's little wonder the world 's greatest race horses , and their influential entourage , flock every year to the United Arab Emirates . But can the grand architectural statements and megabucks compete with the prestige of centuries-old races like the Kentucky and Epsom Derby ? The country 's ruler , Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , seems to think it can , and he 's willing to dig into his deep pockets to ensure Dubai is very much on the international horse racing map . "  Prestige has to do with the tradition and culture of the region , " said chief executive of the Dubai World Cup Frank Gabriel . "  We 're 17-years-old , so we 're still very young . " "  You can have a prestigious race , but you can also have the very best race horses in the world -- which is what we have . " Gulf 's sporting muscle Launched in 1996 , the Dubai World Cup is a relatively new player on the horse racing circuit , and carving out a name as an internationally renowned competition has taken huge investment . While the U.S. and Europe battle against austerity measures , the Gulf 's wealthy horse-mad sheikhs are pumping billions of dollars into boosting the region 's racing status . "  Throughout my career , Sheik Mohammed has been the most influential man in the horse racing world , " said American Dale Romans , who last year won the award for most outstanding trainer in the U.S. "  He breeds thoroughbreds , he buys them , he competes them -- he does everything . He has very deep pockets in the game and he 's willing to spread the wealth around . " It 's part of a larger campaign by the oil-rich Gulf to become a premier sporting destination -- and not just for horses . Qatar will be the first Arab state to host the FIFA World Cup in 2022 , while investors across the region continue to buy up European football teams . Among the big players are the Qatar Investment Authority , which owns France 's Paris Saint-Germain , and Kuwaiti businessman Fawaz Al Hasawi , who last year bought English club Nottingham Forest . Cutting-edge course Back on home turf in the UAE , the $ 1 billion Meydan Racecourse -- headquarters of the Dubai World Cup -- is the glittering crown in Sheik Mohammed 's racing empire . The grandstand alone is 1.6 kilometers long , while the site boasts a 285-room luxury hotel with roof-top pool , a marina , racing museum , and IMAX theatre . "  It 's over-the-top , it 's just gorgeous , everything about it is first class , " Romans said of the Meydan Hotel where he is staying before competing in Saturday 's race . "  It 's almost futuristic -- everything is brand new and spotless with shiny glass and metal . " The high-tech course , which champion Italian jockey Frankie Dettori famously described as "  like a spaceship from ` Star Wars , " is worlds apart from the classic southern charm of the Kentucky Derby 's Churchill Downs . "  You ca n't buy history , " said Romans , who won the Dubai Cup in 2005 . "  You do n't have that deep sense of tradition here that you have at the Kentucky Derby . " History of horses The Middle East 's racing circuit may still be forging a name for itself , but the region 's passion for horses is centuries old . The thoroughbred we know today dates back to three Arab horses brought to Britain around the turn of the 17th century . "  The horse is a very significant part of people 's lives here , " Gabriel said . "  People love the sport and they love the culture -- it 's about the beauty of the horse . " Eyes on the prize Dubai 's record prize money , field of world-class horses and impressive backdrop will ensure that the eyes of the world are watching this Saturday . "  When I won in 2005 it absolutely changed my career , " said Romans . "  I went home from Dubai on a different level -- people looked at me differently . " "  I had proved I could win on an international stage and I was given better horses to train . " And with $ 10 million up for grabs in the flagship race , there are still many things money can buy .	Dubai World Cup , world 's richest race , kicks off this weekend More than $ 27m on offer over 11-day carnival , financed by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Can futuristic race course compete with prestige of historic derbys ? Part of Gulf campaign to raise international sporting status
CNN  -- Chinese state media is proclaiming the Xinjiang bomb blast "  case closed " after authorities claimed to have identified the suspected assailants . Two "  religious extremists " have been pinpointed as the alleged assailants behind the bombing and knife attacks that took place at Urumqi South Railway Station on Wednesday , reports Xinhua , China 's state news agency . Both suspects were killed in the incident . One of them has been identified as Sedirdin Sawut , a 39-year-old man from Aksu in southern Xinjiang . Xinhua , quoting police , also said "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked people at one of the station 's exits following the blast . One innocent bystander was also killed in the blast and 79 were injured . Xinhua says some of the injured victims have been released from hospital . Police evacuated people from the square in front of the station , deployed armed officers and cordoned off entrances to the station , where train services had been suspended . The station reopened about two hours later with passengers re-entering under a heavily-armed police presence . The attacks took place on Wednesday evening , coinciding with the end of a four-day tour of the Xinjiang region by Chinese President Xi Jinping . After the blast , President Xi urged "  decisive actions " against violent terrorist attacks . The fight against separatist violence in the autonomous region in the northwest of the country was a focus of the Chinese leader 's visit . Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset the resource-rich region , where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the past few decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . In March a violent terror attack took place at a train station Kunming in Yunnan province when ten men armed with knives killed 29 commuters .	Chinese media blame two religious extremists for Xinjiang blast and stabbings The explosion happened at an exit to a train station in Urumqi in China 's restive northwest There have been tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese in Xinjiang
CNN  -- Two young men , a bunch of subordinates , one master plan : Take over the drug trade at some of Pennsylvania 's best schools . Authorities announced Tuesday that they were able to foil this ambitious effort -- unearthing marijuana , hash oil , cocaine , ecstasy  or MDMA , its active ingredient  as well as cash and several weapons -- and arrest the pair allegedly at the center of it , among others . "  They were in business to make money , and they were going to do whatever they needed to do to make sure that no one threatened their business , " Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said . She was speaking primarily of the main suspects , 25-year-old Neil Scott and 18-year-old Timothy Brooks , behind what they allegedly called the "  Main Line Take-Over Project " -- the Main Line referring to a group of affluent towns and cities outside Philadelphia . Officials claim Scott helmed the operation , including shipping large amounts of marijuana from California to Pennsylvania , while Brooks supervised sub-dealers at area high schools . And these were n't just any schools . They include the prestigious Haverford School , from which both Scott and Brooks graduated . They had ties to its lacrosse program . The public high schools of Conestoga , Radnor , Harriton and Lower Merion -- each of which have some of the highest SAT scores in Pennsylvania -- were also part of the ring , according to the district attorney 's office . So , too , were nearby Gettysburg , Haverford and Lafayette Colleges . In brief comments Tuesday , Scott 's lawyer Tom Egan said his client 's "  main concern ... is how the mandatory minimums are going to operate if he 's indeed guilty of the offenses . " Greg Pagano , Brooks ' attorney , spoke more extensively regarding his client , who went to the University of Richmond in 2013 on a lacrosse scholarship then left after one semester . He said Brooks had gotten injured , after which he was at home , "  idle and suffering from some depression " when he got involved with Scott "  at a very susceptible , low point in his life . " "  He 's willing to accept responsibility for what he did , " Pagano said of Brooks , whom he said "  was involved in this conspiracy for a very , very short period of time . " In a news conference and release , authorities laid out what they described as an elaborate operation to build up business . This effort included things like offering incentives to sub-dealers , such as lower drug prices and being able to buy them on credit . Including Scott and Brooks , eight people have been arrested in the case , an arrest warrant is out on another , and there are petitions for two juveniles . All but two of those arrested attended local schools such as Lafayette College , the Haverford School and local public high schools . They face a host of drug , criminal conspiracy and other charges . Reflecting on the areas where this alleged drug scheme operated , Seth Williams -- the district attorney for Philadelphia , which is near the schools in question -- said in a press release , "  The days of , ` It ca n't happen here ' are long gone . " The arrests follow an investigation that began in January . Authorities say seized text messages showed the suspects ' plans to expand the business , with Scott giving Brooks business advice on how to expand marijuana sales in local high schools and Brooks encouraging sub-dealers to "  efficiently distribute drugs at their schools , " Ferman 's office said . Authorities assert the discovery of a loaded .223 caliber AR-15 assault rifle , in addition to a semi-automatic pistol and another rifle , suggest the drug ring 's leaders had the capability to use force . Ferman admitted she 's bothered by the fact Scott -- who left Connecticut College after three semesters of study after being sanctioned for using marijuana and creating fake IDs -- and Brooks both attended Haverford , then allegedly did what they did . "  You 're dealing with kids from one of the finest institutions probably in the country , " she said . "  To take those skills and turn it into this kind of illegal enterprise is very distressing . " McDonald 's worker 's Happy Meals had a bit extra : heroin Former Army sergeant conspired in drug trade ` Subway vigilante ' Goetz arrested in undercover drug bust Ohio : Teen ran drug ring that grossed $ 20,000 a month	NEW : DA : Suspects ready to make sure "  no on threatened their business " NEW : Authorities seize pot , cocaine , ecstasy and several weapons Ring included 3 colleges , 5 high schools near Philly , officials say "  The days of , ` It ca n't happen here ' are long gone , " one district attorney says
Beijing  CNN  A day after the Chinese government released five young feminists on bail , their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development . Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday . The five activists on women 's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8 , the International Women 's Day . They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . "  I 'm still speechless and do n't know how to react , " tweeted Li 's girlfriend Suan Xiaola to the couple 's friends upon hearing the news . "  No tears , no ecstasy ... just wondering what we 're going to do next . " "  I ca n't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal , " echoed Li 's lawyer Yan Xin on Chinese social media . "  Without closing their cases , they still ca n't live without shackles -- we 'll have our work cut out for us . " Police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of "  assembling a crowd to disturb public order , " which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison . The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future , Wu 's lawyer Liang Xiaojun told CNN . They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted , and police can summon them for questioning at any time , Liang added . "  This should n't be a moment of celebration , " he said . "  The arbitrary detention and release of these women really shows the backwardness of China 's legal system . " Under China 's household registration system , only Li is considered a Beijing resident . Police sent the other four back to their hometowns , disrupting their work and lives , according to the women 's lawyers . Many have called the five members of Women 's Rights Action Group trailblazers . Staging their protests through performance art or flash mobs , they highlighted feminist causes ranging from fighting domestic violence , gender equality at work , to more female public bathrooms -- drawing nationwide attention and even state media praise . Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation , including from the United States . "  Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , " said John Kerry , the U.S. Secretary of State , in a statement Friday . "  We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues , and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . " Kerry 's predecessor Hillary Clinton -- a longtime champion of women 's rights who just announced her bid for the U.S. presidency -- called the jailing of the feminists "  inexcusable " on Twitter , joining the "  free the five " hashtag campaign . China had rejected all international criticisms , insisting it 's a country ruled by law and that its judicial sovereignty be respected . Supporters of the woman activists , however , sense the chilling effect of their ordeal on China 's nascent civil society , as the ruling Communist Party under President Xi Jinping continues to tighten its grip over the country . "  Of course people will feel more afraid , " said Wei 's lawyer Wang Qiushi . "  Women 's rights is among the most politically correct issues in China -- now even those who took up that cause ended up in jail . "	Wei Tingting , Wang Man , Zheng Churan , Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong freed They 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted
CNN  -- In what has been described as a humanitarian gesture , the Israeli government on Thursday handed over the remains of 91 Palestinians killed in attacks against Israeli targets over the past four decades . The remains , which had been interred in numbered graves by Israel , began arriving in the West Bank and Gaza early Thursday , the Palestinian Authority-controlled WAFA news agency reported . The remains of 79 Palestinians were delivered to the seat of the Palestinian government in Ramallah , West Bank , where Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas presided over an official military ceremony . The 79 caskets , wrapped with the Palestinian flag , were carried by the Palestinian presidential guard into the main square of the presidential compound . Abbas , family members of those killed and other honorees stood by as 21-gun salutes were fired . Abbas laid a wreath on the caskets , and a formal prayer was given by the former mufti of Jerusalem , Sheikh Mohammed Hussein . The ceremony was broadcast on Palestinian television . The remaining 12 bodies were to be delivered to families in Gaza . Among the returned will be the remains of seven Palestinians involved in a 1975 attack against The Savoy hotel in Tel Aviv . Those remains , along with some that are unidentified , will be buried in the Ramallah military cemetery . Some families were demanding DNA testing to verify the identities of the remains . The return of the remains was meant as a "  confidence-building measure to help get the peace process back on track . " said Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesman . "  Israel is ready for the immediate resumption of peace talks without any preconditions whatsoever , " he said in a statement . The return was harshly criticized by some in Israel , who compared it to last year 's exchange of hundreds of Palestinian prisoners for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit . Hamas and other Palestinian militant groups on the Gaza border captured Shalit in 2006 . Meir Indor , chairman of Almagor , the Israeli association of terror victims , told CNN that releasing the remains would only serve "  for the continuation  of  terror . " "  Beyond our personal feelings , it is devastating to see the hard murderers that were released last year under the Shalit deal becoming a building block in the Palestinian campaign of propaganda and  being  glorified as freedom fighters , " Indor said . "  The Palestinian society must show disapproval of their actions . This is another stage in the making of terrorist theology . " Most Israelis consider the remains to be those of terrorists , but many Palestinians view the men as martyrs in the decades-old struggle to establish a Palestinian state . Fatima Abdul Karim of the Jerusalem Legal Aid and Human Rights Center , which helps Palestinian family members find missing relatives , called it "  a very special and historic moment . " While the release of the remains is good news , she noted that hundreds of Palestinians remain missing . "  It is a success , but that is not the end of the story , " Abdul Karim said . "  There are stories that are still being unraveled . " Mohammad Shtayyeh , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 's central committee and a senior Palestinian negotiator , noted in comments to CNN that although 91 sets of remains were received , "  we did not receive all of them , and it is with great bitterness that we received their remains . " He said many Palestinians were hoping prisoners still alive in Israeli jails would also be released . "  To keep human bodies in cemeteries ... in graves that  have  no names , " only numbers , he said , "  just shows how ugly the Israeli occupation is . " Ahmad al-Bouz was shocked and surprised to learn the remains of his brother Nasser were being returned by Israel . For 23 years , the family has not known what happened to him . "  All these years , we believed he was missing , " al-Bouz said . "  We have consulted every human rights organization , but to no avail . " He said his family asked the Israeli government about his brother in the past , but was told no information was available . He said his family is still seeking information and will examine the body and conduct DNA testing on the remains . Ghazi Jarwan , the father of a Palestinian militant killed while participating in a 2003 Tel Aviv attack that killed five Israelis , described the return of his son 's remains as cause for celebration . "  I am happy , because I am proud of my son and consider this a national wedding for my son , " he said .	A formal military ceremony is held at the Palestinian Authority compound An Israeli spokesman says the gesture was done to help the peace process Some in Israel criticize the move
CNN  -- Robin Dehaven usually replaces windows . On Thursday morning , after a small plane crashed into an Austin , Texas , office building , he was breaking them , having rushed into the burning structure to help people escape . Dehaven , an Army veteran who works for a glass company , was driving to a job when he witnessed the plane crash . With the building in flames and emergency personnel still minutes away , Dehaven drove his truck to the parking lot . People in the building were trapped , screaming for help . " -LSB- Other people who 'd gathered -RSB- said they needed my ladders on my truck , because there were people stuck on the second floor , " Dehaven told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " He took a ladder off his truck and put it up to a window of a smoke-filled area where five people were trapped . "  The people were kind of in a panic , wanting to get out quickly , of course , so I climbed up into the building with them , " Dehaven said . He then broke a nearby window under which the ladder could have better footing , and he helped the five escape , he said . See iReport photos and videos from the scene Dehaven was one of several people who rushed to the site to help , local reports and the Texas governor 's office said . "  In true Texas form , first responders and everyday citizens responded to today 's plane crash with selfless acts of heroism , securing the area , evacuating the building and controlling the fire , and are to be commended , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in a written statement Thursday . Authorities said they believe pilot Joseph Andrew Stack III , 53 , of Austin , intentionally crashed the small aircraft into the building , where nearly 200 Internal Revenue Service employees worked . Authorities said Stack apparently had a grudge against the IRS . The remains of two people were found in the building after the crash , and 13 other people were injured -- one seriously -- authorities said . The identities of the dead were n't released as of Thursday evening . Witnesses described a scene of panic , fire and smoke . Lyric Olivarez , who was working in a nearby building , told CNN affiliate KXAN that she felt her building shake when the plane crashed . "  It sounded like an explosion , but it felt like an earthquake , " Olivarez said . "  Someone came into our office and said there was a bomb in the building next door . We had no idea it was a plane at the time . " When she and others ran outside , they saw the neighboring building in flames . "  People on the second and third floors were busting out windows , screaming , ` Help me ! Help me ! Get me out of here ! ' waving handkerchiefs or whatever they could find , " Olivarez told KXAN . "  Not before long , the entire parking lot was filled with smoke , and people praying and crying , " she said . "  I just saw smoke and flames , " said CNN iReporter Mike Ernest . "  I could not believe what I was seeing . It was just smoke and flames everywhere . " Dehaven said that as he was driving before the crash , he could see the plane flying low , approaching the building . "  I saw it turn and start heading down like it was diving to come in for a landing , but there 's no landing -LSB- strip -RSB- , " he said . "  So I knew it was going to crash . " He said his 6 1/2 years in the Army , with two tours in Iraq , helped him Thursday . "  I 've had some experience in triage and battlefield , with ... gunfire , " he said . "  My first thought -LSB- was -RSB- maybe I can help , because I 'm more used to dealing with traumatic situations like that . "  I have a clear head and a calm head to try to help those people , and luckily I did . "	Army vet was driving work truck when he saw plane hit building Robin Dehaven used ladder from his truck to reach trapped workers He and other bystanders helped people out of burning building
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It took a U.S. former president with global celebrity status to free two American journalists from a North Korea prison . Former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore greets freed U.S. journalist Laura Ling . Laura Ling and Euna Lee arrived back in the United States Wednesday morning with former President Bill Clinton , who flew to North Korea to negotiate their release after they were sentenced to a labor camp . Iain Clayton said Wednesday that his wife , Laura , told him through a telephone conversation that the North Koreans were willing to grant the two journalists amnesty if a high-level envoy , such as former President Clinton , were willing to travel to Pyongyang . But there was no shortage of envoys ready to travel to North Korea and negotiate the women 's release . Some heavyweights were turned down by the North Koreans : former Vice President Al Gore , a co-founder of the media outfit the women were working for when they were arrested , and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations whose previous missions to North Korea included negotiating the release of a detained American . Lower-level envoys such as former U.S. ambassador to South Korea and current Korea Society Chairman Donald Gregg , Sig Harrison , an expert on North Korean nukes who has traveled there several times , and Han Park , a scholar at the University of Georgia , all offered their services . Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was also closely involved in coordinating efforts with the White House and State Department to free the women . According to sources intimately involved with the efforts , Sen. John Kerry -- chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- received an official invitation to visit Pyongyang to facilitate their release and open a larger dialogue on the nuclear issue after several weeks of quiet direct diplomacy between Kerry and his aides and North Korea . In the end , it was Clinton whom North Korea wanted . Two senior Obama administration officials described on background how Clinton 's mission to Pyongyang to secure the release of two U.S. journalists imprisoned by North Korea evolved . Officials said that while President Obama never spoke directly with the former president about this issue , negotiations were under way within the administration . During the weekend of July 24-25 , Clinton spoke with National Security Adviser Gen. Jim Jones about his willingness to take on this mission . Clinton ultimately agreed to go on the mission but made it very clear in every communication that this was purely a humanitarian effort . Clinton also wanted to make sure , based on the due diligence of the national security team , that there was a high likelihood of success if he went . "  We were convinced this would be the result , and based on that we could advise President Clinton that his trip was going to be successful , " one official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Wednesday that "  we did our homework ... to make sure that if President Clinton did take this trip , that we would be able to ... win the freedom for these two . " Kelly said that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also had a role in the mission , adding that "  The State Department was very involved . " More details , he said , will be released . Administration officials also said it was always made clear by Clinton and the national security team that this would be a humanitarian mission . "  We had one goal in mind , which was in the U.S. interest , which was to seek the release of these two U.S. Americans , " one of the officials said . "  And it was n't in any way about our disagreements with the DPRK with respect to its conduct , or with respect to our intention to vigorously enforce resolutions and to vigorously seek the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . " Clinton and his team engaged in a 75-minute meeting with President Kim Jong Il and then had a dinner which lasted a little over two hours . "  So the total amount of time that they were in meetings or agendas with each other was about a little over three hours and 15 minutes , " one official said . Asked if the nuclear issue at least was discussed , the official said , "  I do n't have an answer to that question . I 'm sure President Clinton gave President Kim his views on denuclearization and his views are well known with respect to denuclearization . " While Gore was turned down by North Korea , he was , however , actively involved in this effort from the start , speaking often with the families and the Obama administration . On Wednesday , Obama thanked the former vice president , saying he "  worked tirelessly in order to achieve a positive outcome . " Clinton 's humanitarian help was not lost on Obama -- who reached out to the journalists ' families on Tuesday night . "  I want to thank President Bill Clinton -- I had a chance to talk to him -- for the extraordinary humanitarian effort that resulted in the release of the two journalists , " he said at the White House . "  My hope is that the families that have been reunited can enjoy the next several days and weeks understanding that because of the efforts of President Clinton and Gore they are able to be with each other once again . " CNN 's Dan Lothian , Ed Hornick and Elise Labott and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Former President Clinton talked with national security adviser before trip Clinton made it clear that his trip was strictly humanitarian , officials say Meetings with North Korean leader totaled a little over three hours Former VP Al Gore was "  vigorously involved " in effort to free journalists
Rolling Stone  -- Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins will portray Iggy Pop in the forthcoming film "  CBGB , " the Hollywood Reporter confirms . This will be Hawkins ' first significant acting role , though he has had comedic roles in a handful of Foo Fighters videos . It 's unclear how substantial the role will be -- there 's a good chance that it 's a small part and Hawkins was cast in part because he somewhat resembles the Stooges rocker in his prime . Other parts in the film have been cast as well , including "  The Borgias " actress Mickey Sumner as Patti Smith , "  The Big Bang Theory " star Johnny Galecki as Television manager Terry Ork , Malin Akerman as Blondie singer Debbie Harry and Rupert Grint as Dead Boys guitarist Cheetah Chrome . Alan Rickman will star as Hilly Kristal , the owner of the famous punk rock hot spot . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Taylor Hawkins will portray Iggy Pop in the forthcoming film "  CBGB " He has had comedic roles in a handful of Foo Fighters videos It 's unclear how substantial the role will be
The Economic Intelligence Unit  EIU  claims its annual Liveability Survey could be used to "  assign a hardship allowance as part of expatriate relocation packages , " among other things . But that need n't apply to those in Melbourne , which for the fourth year running has been declared the best city in the world to live . The Australian culture hub was buoyed by superlative healthcare , infrastructure and education as well as a murder rate of 3.1 per 100,000 people , half the global average of 6.2 . Melbourne 's total score of 97.5 , assessed on various factors such as "  stability " and "  culture and environment , " as well as those mentioned above , was just 0.1 points above Vienna , which scored identically across all categories to Melbourne except culture and environment . The top 10 list has n't changed since 2011 and of the 140 cities surveyed , only 20 changed score in the last year . "  Over half of the changes taking place over the past 12 months have been driven by deteriorating scores , " said the report , "  with instability re-emerging as a key factor in influencing global scores . "  Events in Ukraine , in particular , have had significant knock-on effects for cities such as Kiev , Moscow and St Petersburg . "  Localized instability has also affected locations like Bangkok . "  The score of Damascus in Syria has continued to decline , although the escalation in Iraq is not reflected in our ranking because Baghdad is not included in the survey . " Tehran in Iran , Tripoli in Libya and Amman in Jordan saw their scores improve , having "  enjoyed periods of relative stability following significant falls in liveability . " But over the last five years , global liveability has declined overall , "  highlighting the fact that the last five years have been characterized by heightened unrest in the wake of the global economic crisis . " Kiev  Ukraine  , Tripoli  Libya  and Damascus  Syria  have seen the biggest falls in liveability over the last five years , says the report . 10 most liveable cities 1 . Melbourne 2 . Vienna , Austria 3 . Vancouver , British Columbia 4 . Toronto = 5 . Adelaide , Australia = 5 . Calgary , Alberta 7 . Sydney 8 . Helsinki , Finland 9 . Perth , Australia 10 . Auckland , New Zealand 10 least liveable cities 131 . Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire 132 . Tripoli , Libya 133 . Douala , Cameroon 134 . Harare , Zimbabwe 135 . Algiers , Algeria 136 . Karachi , Pakistan 137 . Lagos , Nigeria 138 . Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea 139 . Dhaka , Bangladesh 140 . Damascus , Syria Comment below : What 's the best thing about your home city ?	No change in EIU 's top 10 liveable cities since 2011 Melbourne takes first place for fourth year in a row Damascus , Kiev among cities that declined significantly
CNN  -- Rwanda held solemn commemorations Monday to mark the 20th anniversary of the genocide in Rwanda , with many survivors overcome with emotion as they relived the trauma of the killings that left 800,000 people dead . Official mourning , which began three months ago with a flame of remembrance touring towns and villages across the small central African nation , culminated Monday with the arrival of the torch at the national genocide memorial . Wreaths were also laid in Kigali 's soccer stadium , where U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , heads of state and European and U.S. diplomats gathered . President Paul Kagame lit a flame that will burn for 100 days , the length of time the killings lasted . At a ceremony at the national stadium , survivors of the genocide recounted their memories of the killings and of their survival . Some , sobbing and overcome with emotion , were carried outside . "  This should never happen in human history , " Ban said of the massacre . Diplomatic dispute The events also bore reminders of festering anger as a diplomatic dispute broke out over renewed allegations from Kigali of French complicity in the genocide . France said Monday that its ambassador to Rwanda had been barred from attending the events marking the anniversary . In a written statement , a spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry said Ambassador Michel Flesch , who was to represent France during the commemorative events in the Rwandan capital , had been informed Sunday night "  of the decision of the Rwandan authorities not to authorize him to take part in the ceremonies . " "  We regret this decision . However our embassies will take part today in the several ceremonies held across the world to pay tribute to the memory of the victims of the genocide , " the spokesman added . France said over the weekend that it had canceled plans to attend the ceremony after Kagame 's accusations of French involvement in the massacre . The weekly Jeune Afrique quoted Kagame as saying in an interview that both France and Belgium had played a "  direct role ... in the political preparation of genocide and participation in its execution . " The French Foreign Ministry said that France was "  surprised by the recent accusations made by the Rwandan president " and that Justice Minister Christiane Taubira , who had been due to travel to Kigali on Monday , would no longer attend the commemoration . "  These accusations are in contradiction with the process of dialogue and reconciliation that has gone on for several years between our two countries , " the ministry 's statement said . Search for closure As the 20 years are marked , many in Rwanda still are in search of closure . Niyonsenga Erick Rafiki , 24 , says he ca n't remember the night his father was killed . But he searched for answers over the years and eventually found his father 's killer . The killer , Sekamana Musa , served 10 years in prison for that murder and other crimes during the genocide . Musa said he was released after confessing . "  When I came out , I found the people we had committed crimes against , be it the mother of this boy  Rafiki  or this boy himself , " Musa said . Musa has promised to help Rafiki find his father 's body . Recently , the two men and others went to a spot where Musa believes Rafiki 's father was buried . As Rafiki watched , Musa and other men dug , hoping to find the remains so that Rafiki can give him a proper burial . "  I never had a chance to bury my parent , as his child , in a decent way , " Rafiki said . The body was n't immediately found , but they said they would continue looking . Three-month killing spree In 1994 , Hutu extremists in Rwanda targeted minority ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus in a three-month killing spree that left an estimated 800,000 people dead . Hutu attackers burned down churches with hundreds or thousands of Tutsis inside . In some cases , wielding machetes , they entered homes and slaughtered children and grandparents . The violence was triggered by the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana , an ethnic Hutu , in a plane crash April 6 , 1994 . The armed forces of Kagame 's Rwandan Patriotic Front eventually defeated the troops , stopping the wave of bloodletting . France , an ally of the Hutu nationalist government before the 1994 killings , has repeatedly denied any complicity in the genocide . Rwanda broke off diplomatic ties with France in 2006 , and relations were restored only three years later . Rwanda was a Belgian colony until 1962 . Last month , a Paris court sentenced former Rwandan spy chief Pascal Simbikangwa to 25 years in jail for his role in the genocide , the first such conviction in France . U.N. chief warns against repeat of Rwanda in Central African Republic Remembering -- and trying to forget -- Rwanda 's genocide , 20 years on Orphaned siblings torn apart by war reunite to create Rwanda 's Craigslist CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Laura Akhoun and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Solemn commemorations mark 20 years since genocide began France canceled plans over weekend to send minister to Kigali on Monday This followed accusations of French involvement in the massacre by Rwanda president In 1994 , a three-month killing spree left an estimated 800,000 people dead
CNN  You can rest when you 're dead , as the saying goes . And in Ghana , your eternal slumber is done in style . Burying your loved ones in intricate , beautifully crafted -- and , at times a little surreal -- caskets is a common tradition in some parts of the the West African nation . Based in Awutu , a small town in Ghana 's central region , self-taught carpenter Kudjoe Affutu has made a name for himself with his eye-catching style of coffins . "  I love playing with the wood , " he says . "  I did n't study it in the school -- I just love carving . " The plucky , young artisan has always had a passion for woodwork and inspired by artists before him such as Kane Kwei and Paa Joe , his startup began to take shape . "  I saw a designed coffin somewhere and I said : ` No , I have to do this ' and I forced my parents to push me into it . " By 2007 , Affutu had opened the New Generation Woodwork Shop . Seven years on , and the craftsman has found big success thanks to his fantastical funerary boxes . From chickens to sewing machines Burial rites in Ghana are incredibly important in honoring ancestry . In a country where the passing of a loved one is often celebrated with a party-like fervor , the elaborate coffin art allows mourning family members and friends to send their dearly departed off to the afterlife in style . Affutu adds : "  It 's a special coffin that talks a lot about the deceased . But also for the family who sees it to as a last gift to the deceased . " Often designs for these figurative coffins reflect the deceased 's vocation or personality . Perhaps if you worked as a farmer , a chicken casket could be for you . What about a fashion designer ? Well , a sewing machine , what else ? Prices for a custom-made coffin from Affutu vary due to design request , size and where the casket needs to be shipped to . "  When it 's local , it could be around 1,000 Ghanaian cedi  around $ 300  and above . Exported ones are $ 1000 or more . " Eye-catching and strange creations Over the years , Affutu has heard some weird , wonderful and downright bizarre requests for casket creations . Yet , whatever the request , he does n't judge a family 's choice -- he just sees it as a challenge . "  I just think of it and am done . I always see my orders as normal no matter how weird it is , " explains the artisan coffin maker . He adds : "  A family came here some two years ago , and they said our late mother used to be a midwife and we want a designed coffin , something that can talk about her work -- and I came up with a pregnant woman who is about to deliver and it was a fantastic piece . " Affutu has also constructed a variety of fisherman-inspired pieces for departed sea workers including canoes , fishing boats , nets and of course , a variety of fish . Today Affutu employs six full-time staff . But with an increased workforce , other problems arise . "  Like today , for example , we have a lot of work here and I do n't have a big shop ... " He adds : "  Sometimes the materials we use -- it can be scarce for a while and we do n't have enough money to gather or to store materials for many years . " However , Affutu is optimistic about the future , "  In the next five years I want to extend my shop and even the workers or apprentices I have , so that when somebody orders something you can deliver days before its time . "	Kudjoe Affutu has been designing coffins since 2007 His creations reflect the professions of the deceased His strangest creations include a hen , pregnant lady and sewing machine
CNN  -- Anne and Michael Harris were an "  extraordinary " couple with a zest for life , their niece said . Anne and Michael Harris ' niece says the couple "  loved life , loved everyone . " "  We truly hope that they are remembered for the way they lived their lives and not this tragic end , " Charlstie Laytin said in a telephone interview Wednesday . "  We 're all just devastated and going to miss them both so much . " The Harrises were two of three Americans on board Air France Flight 447 when it crashed Monday . The plane was carrying 228 passengers and crew from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France , when it crashed four hours into the journey . Investigators have not determined the cause of the accident . An official list with the victims ' names was not available Wednesday afternoon . The Harrises lived in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley , said . Michael Harris , 60 , was a geologist in Rio de Janeiro . He worked for Devon Energy , a U.S.-based independent natural gas and oil producer , a company spokesman said . The couple were traveling to Paris for a training seminar and vacation , Miley said . The two "  loved everyone , they loved life , " Laytin said . "  Definitely glass-half-full kind of people , " she added , recalling her uncle as a "  ham , " who could always offer a laugh on a bad day . She remembered a moment a few summers ago when her family was in Vermont , and had just seen a classical performance of Mozart . They were "  just sitting around and having a glass of wine , and laughing and talking about family and life and what was going on in our lives ... -LSB- the Harrises -RSB- could never get enough information about what all their nieces and nephews and family members were doing , " she said . "  It 's really the last time I can remember us all sitting around as a family and I 'm so glad that I have that memory . " She said her family was hopeful the investigation would soon determine what had gone wrong . "  I think the initial shock of it all has really started to wear off , and the reality that they 're gone is starting to set in , " she said . "  The grief and the grieving process is beginning and we 're just really focused on helping each other heal . " The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany . The remaining victims were from 29 other countries . Ten were employees of French electrical equipment supplier CGED , according to Agence France-Presse . Nine of those employees had won the trip to Rio from CGED because of their strong work performance , AFP said . "  There was a competition for the best sales reps ... and nine of them won and went to Brazil for four days , " Laurent Bouveresse , CGED chief executive , told AFP . The nine were allowed to take a friend or partner , and an executive also went along , Bouveresse said , according to the news agency . CNN tried repeatedly to reach representatives of CGED . Two others believed to have been on the flight were an engaged couple , Julia Schmidt of Brazil and Alex Crolow of Germany , the couple 's friend , Brian Buzby of Houston , Texas , told CNN affiliate KTRK . Watch Buzby talk about friends on Flight 447 " Buzby said he met the two while they were all students at Bucerius Law School in Germany . They finished studies last August , KTRK reported . "  This was Alex taking her back to tell her mom they were going to get married , " Buzby told KTRK . "  I just hope that they were not suffering , and at least they were together , because I would have hated for one of them to go through it alone , " Buzby said . "  They were my two best friends . I just hope she knows I loved her , " Buzby said .	NEW : 9 French victims won trip to Brazil for job performance , AFP reports NEW : German victim was taking Brazilian fiancee home to announce engagement Anne and Michael Harris were two of three Americans on Air France flight 447 The Harrises lived in Brazil and were going to France for vacation , training seminar
Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says that whether candidates wear a flag lapel pin should n't be a political issue . CNN  -- When is the last time you watched a mindless movie that had no redeeming value for you intellectually , but all it did was make you laugh ? That perfectly describes the raging debate among voters and the rabid television and radio talk show hosts who love to yell and scream from the top of their lungs , "  I 'm an American , and by golly , you better show as much appreciation for this country as I do ! " But once you finish listening to these high-minded bloviators -- and yes , that includes the voters who have bought into this nonsensical issue -- ask yourself : Does it really have anything to do with anything ? I 've watched this debate reach the levels of absurdity this year because journalists and commentators have raised the question to Sen. Barack Obama , "  Why do n't you wear a flag lapel pin ? " I really got a kick out of that one during the ABC debate last month because not one person on stage -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Obama , along with moderators Charlie Gibson and George Stephanopoulos -- bothered to accessorize their attire with a flag lapel pin . Sen. John McCain has been traveling the globe as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , and this former Navy pilot often does n't wear a flag lapel pin . It has become sort of like bird watching as I 've surveyed elected officials on the local and national levels and looked them over like a hen-pecked mother or a foaming-at-the-mouth military drill sergeant , studying their attire and deeming them insufficiently American because of their lack of decency and respect by refusing to adorn themselves appropriately with a lapel pin . So , after listening to radio callers and the folks that e-mail various TV shows , maybe we ought to expand this need to express our Americanism even further . Should n't we insist that our politicians all begin to sport red , white and blue socks in order to feel good knowing that they are walking as Americans ? How about asking officeholders to sport the American colors as undergarments to show that their undying love for the country is so important , they want the flag pressed against their skin ? There have been times when the candidates -- especially McCain , who has beaten back skin cancer -- have worn hats on the campaign trail . I want to know , datgummit , why the people running for the highest office in the land did n't cover their head with an American flag baseball cap to express to the nation their love and affection for the U.S. of A . Since it is clear that our nation is paralyzed and so not able to close our borders , feed the homeless , develop businesses in the inner cities and save people from having their homes taken by foreclosure due to ruthless mortgage companies , all because some folks do n't wear a flag lapel pin , we need to lead a national movement to demand that Congress and the states make requiring officeholders to wear a flag lapel pin the 28th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution . See , if it is so important , then take it all the way . Do n't make it optional . Do n't leave it up to someone to choose to wear a flag lapel pin . Let 's really show those politicians that nothing is more important to us than seeing them with the U.S. flag on our chest . That 's what zealots do . They take something so simple , so personal , so voluntary , and absolutely lose their mind , trying to force someone else to do as them , and everyone else be damned . Folks , the first year I ever cast a ballot for political office was in 1988 . And in the last 20 years , whether it was mayoral , school board , city council , or a statewide , congressional or presidential campaign , the thought of what was on a politician 's lapel never entered into the equation as to whether they are worthy of office . Those who will criticize me will say , "  Well , Roland , if it 's no big deal , then why not wear one ? " And the reply is the same : "  If it 's no big deal , then why do you make it a big deal ? " Let me tell you something : When I 'm on the golf course and I slip my wedding ring into my golf bag , the Rev. Jacquie Hood Martin is still my wife . When we shoot hoops and I remove my Texas A&M University ring from my right hand , I still love my school . The fact that I can no longer wear my 1987 class ring from Houston 's Jack Yates High School does n't mean I do n't cherish the crimson and gold . And I may not be able to fit into the shirt I pledged in , but I will be a member of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. until the day I die . I am an unapologetic Christian , but you wo n't see a cross dangling from my neck or a James Avery charm bracelet on my wrist . Why ? Because my love of Jesus Christ is in my heart . This debate is useless , tiresome and distracting . Why ? Because if there are members of Congress who wear a flag lapel pin but refuse to shore up our borders , do n't do enough to stop the flow of drugs into our neighborhoods , or do n't help to eradicate the gaps between the haves and have nots , then are they truly fighting for the concerns of Americans , or playing on the emotions of people by what 's on their lapel ? We 're better than that . We 're smarter than that . It 's time that we make decisions based on substance , which is what we say we actually care about . But maybe we 're just lying to ourselves about that , too . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University . You can read more of his columns at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin says flag lapel pin debate is useless , tiresome and distracting He asks : If those pins are so important , why should n't underwear , hats be , too ? Decisions about candidates should be based on substance , he says He says topics such as secure borders , drug fight , economy are real issues
After the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , people everywhere are demanding common sense reforms to our gun laws . According to a January poll , for example , an overwhelming 92 % of Americans back background checks for every gun sale . We all need to take action to see real change . President Obama has unveiled a bold package of legislation , and our leaders in Washington are finally listening . We are encouraged by this , but concerned Americans must stand united against gun violence and put pressure on elected leaders to vote accordingly for real solutions . Like the president said during the State of the Union , this issue deserves a vote -- our elected officials are accountable to the survivors of gun violence and the families of victims , and they deserve a vote . Now more than ever , we need to provide support for the advocacy organizations that are working to establish a formidable counterweight to the gun lobby , which is well financed , well organized and will stop at nothing to protect the interests of the firearms industry and obstruct sensible legislation that will help save lives . Groups like the Fund for a Safer Future and Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- spearheaded by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg -- have been leading the charge in Washington for meaningful reform . It is incumbent upon all of us in the philanthropic community and the people served by these programs to stand firmly behind them during this critical time . We have been proud to join other foundations and grant makers in backing these organizations . With the help of our resources , they have conducted essential policy research , raised public awareness and launched national campaigns that have brought us closer than ever to stopping the bloodshed . But there 's still so much more that philanthropists can do to further this cause . Philanthropy , after all , is activism . It is not merely writing checks and throwing money at problems ; it is investing in solutions that can lead to momentous change . We have an obligation to help save lives . This is n't about politics . This is about reclaiming our fundamental right to safety . What better investment could there be ? Over the years , we have each financed major public institutions in Los Angeles and across the United States -- from opera houses to charter schools , scientific research centers to art museums . They have all contributed to positive change in our community and our country . But what good are they if our children are n't safe in their classrooms ? What good are they if a 15-year-old girl can perform at the president 's inaugural festivities one week and be gunned down in a Chicago park the next ? We need to take a comprehensive approach to reducing gun violence , and the time is now to do it . Supporting nonprofit advocacy groups will help maintain the energy behind reform and keep pressure on our elected officials . Political leaders can no longer duck this issue or the growing grass-roots movement that it has inspired . The philanthropic community can help ensure our elected representatives make the right decisions . Private citizens can help make a difference in whatever way they are able -- writing a check , donating in-kind contributions , calling or writing their elected representatives , volunteering time to a nonprofit .	Writers : Americans want gun reform : 92 % back background checks for each sale Obama was right , they say . Gun violence survivors , victims ' families deserve a vote Writers : Pro-gun reform groups need support to counter massive influence of gun lobby Donate , volunteer , contact lawmakers : Vote them out if they block gun reform , they say
CNN  -- When James Holmes ' psychiatrist warned campus police at the University of Colorado how dangerous he was , they deactivated his college ID to prevent him passing through any locked doors . After a deadly movie theater assault a month later , the question of what else could have been done hung in the air . Papers released by prosecutors Thursday are allowing a peek into the troubled mind of the alleged Aurora theater killer . They roughly trace his path from abandoning psychiatric treatment to amassing guns , clips and nearly 1,000 high-caliber or high-power bullets . Dr. Lynne Fenton told university police that Holmes talked about killing people . The warnings did n't stop the spray of gunfire weeks later , on July 20 , 2012 , that took the lives of 12 people and wounded dozens more at the premiere of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises . " It is unclear what was done with Fenton 's information . Eyewitness recalls the ` darkest night ' He threatened his psychiatrist Along with the collection of firearms that police turned up with search warrants prosecutors have released , they found a Batman mask , a movie ticket receipt and detailed photos of the theater . Holmes also had "  numerous photos " of himself with his hair dyed fire orange . Fenton , who works on the medical campus , contacted police in June about Holmes , according to a search warrant affidavit . "  Dr. Fenton was advising that she had been treating Holmes , and that Holmes had stopped seeing her and had begun threatening her via text message , " the affidavit said . Holmes mailed her a frightful package . Inside were $ 400 in burned $ 20 bills , a sticky note with an infinity sign , and a spiral notebook containing a placard . Written on it : "  James Holmes , Of Life , " according to the documents . Despite her warning and on top of the torment she 's already endured , Fenton could face more than a dozen lawsuits that blame her and the school for improperly handling Holmes ' treatment . At least 14 people have filed legal documents indicating they are planning to sue the University of Colorado Denver and Fenton for negligence . Prosecution pushes death penalty for Colorado theater shooting suspect A long , deadly list The prosecution documents released Thursday give a macabre portrait of the arsenal Holmes acquired before the alleged shooting : -- Nearly 1,000 bullets or shotgun rounds ; he had ordered at least six packages from Bulkammo.com at the end of June . -- Two semi-automatic pistols , one with a laser sight -- An assault-type rifle -- A shotgun -- Multiple ammunition clips -- A 90-round magazine -- A magazine carrier -- Paper targets -- Materials to booby trap his apartment -- Multiple cellphones and computers -- Black army boots -- A black coat -- A black combat helmet -- A gas mask The next pretrial hearing in Holmes ' case is scheduled for Wednesday . With numerous counts of murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses , the former doctoral student in neuroscience faces a total of 166 charges . Prosecutors , who made the documents public , want the death penalty .	NEW : Holmes ' psychiatrist warned campus police he was dangerous The former neuroscience student faces 166 charges in connection with a theater shooting The July 20 , 2012 , shooting left 12 dead ; prosecutors are seeking the death penalty
CNN  -- Last week , the Internet was buzzing with the news that a DNA test of white supremacist Craig Cobb revealed that 14 % of his genes originated in sub-Saharan Africa . The look on Cobb 's face as he received the news ? Priceless . Cobb appeared on "  The Trisha Show " and discussed his plans to create an all-white town for white supremacists in Leith , North Dakota . "  Whites are the highest expression of DNA on the planet , " he said on the show . When Cobb received the DNA results , he wrote it off . "  This is called statistical noise , " Cobb responded . "  Oil and water do n't mix . " Well , apparently we are n't talking oil and water , are we Mr. Cobb ? We 're talking human beings -- and they 've been mixing since the beginning of time . That history is what created the "  one-drop rule " in America : a legal classification that held that anyone with as little as "  one drop " of African or black ancestry was to be categorized as black and treated accordingly . Until 1967 , when it was ruled unconstitutional , the "  one-drop rule " provided the legal and quantitative definition of blackness , and whiteness . So while Cobb might "  look white " today , in 1813 or 1913 , his 14 % African ancestry would have been more than enough to render him black by law . In 2013 , however , the irony of his heritage shows just how nuanced racial identity is beyond skin color . During the period of American slavery , 1619 to 1865 , freedom was predicated on skin color . If you were white , you were free ; if you were black , you were enslaved . But this simple social order soon became complicated by miscegenation ; and with the rampant increase in racial mixing , the lines between white and black , free and enslaved , became more and more blurred . Whites were afraid of losing their control over the enslaved population . They needed to maintain a firm color line . So , state governments began instituting anti-miscegenation laws . Various and varying articulations of the "  one-drop rule " emerged : a classification that held that anyone from 1/8 to 1/16 to 1/32 to any known trace of African or black ancestry was to be categorized as black and treated accordingly . How that "  drop " was measured varied from state to state . The rhetoric of white supremacy not only argued that the races were distinctly different , but also that the black race specifically was inferior , therefore justifying enslavement . Mixing , then , lowered human quality . In order to maintain its superiority , whiteness had to remain pure . So , what it meant to be white was to be free of "  otherness " in general , blackness , specifically . In this way , miscegenation was a threat to the survival of the white race . The "  one-drop rule , " then , became critical in its defense . To be white in America was to be "  pure . " Or was it ? A 2002 study of racial admixture conducted by Penn State University molecular anthropologist Mark Shriver showed that among those who self-identify as white , upward of 30 % have at least 2.3 % African ancestry -- the equivalent of having had three black ancestors somewhere within the previous five generations of their family . What that means , then , is that 30 % of the folks who call themselves white have much more than one drop , including white supremacist Craig Cobb . DNA testing also reveals that somewhere around 60 % of black Americans have white ancestry , Shriver 's study found . Taken together , it 's clear that racial purity is as much a delusion as white supremacy . Blood does not define identity . Although the "  one-drop rule " in many ways serves foundational to black American racial identity , and has functioned to draw borders around the black community as we know it , one drop of "  blackness " -- whatever that is -- does not constitute black identity . Blackness , as an identity and as a lived experience , is much more complex and nuanced than any number of drops on a family tree . Blackness is as much about who creates you as it is about what you make of yourself . So , while I was thoroughly amused by the sight of Craig Cobb 's face when he learned that he , too , is "  of African descent , " I am clear that those DNA test results do not magically make him black ; no number of drops ever could . And blackness is too beautiful to be forced upon people who do n't want it . So no worries , Mr. Cobb , your secret 's safe with me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yaba Blay .	White supremacist Craig Cobb learned that 14 % of his genes originated in sub-Saharan Africa That would make him legally "  black " under America 's one-drop rule , Yaba Blay says The "  one-drop rule " provided the legal and quantitative definition of blackness , and whiteness Blay : Irony of Cobb 's heritage shows how nuanced racial identity is beyond skin color
EW.com  -- No one wants a Liberace biopic to be subtle . You want the director to don a puffy-sleeved man-blouse and spell out the drama in rhinestones . You want the camera to linger on the peacock-feathered pianos , the velveteen " royal throne " toilets , and , of course , that white fox-fur coat -- the only coat in the world with its own chauffeur . And you 'll get all of that in Steven Soderbergh 's "  Behind the Candelabra , " which casts Michael Douglas as the Vegas legend and Matt Damon as his much younger lover Scott Thorson , whose memoir of their tumultuous five-year relationship inspired the film . But there 's less razzle-dazzle here than you 'd expect from a portrait of a camp icon . Despite the stranger details of their courtship -- say , the fact that Liberace had Thorson undergo plastic surgery to look more like him , or that he offered to adopt his young paramour -- their love feels as banal as any married couple 's , right up until the end , when Thorson sues Liberace for palimony . The man deserved a sensational , Sunset Boulevard-style tribute ; what he got plays more like a Lifetime movie . To be clear , there 's still just enough camp gold to get the best lines bedazzled on a leotard .  My favorite : " Honey , in gay years , you 're Judy during the Sid Luft obese period . "  Also , casting Rob Lowe as Liberace 's drug-pushing , alien-faced plastic surgeon is a genius move that allows the actor to send up his pretty-boy image . But Douglas ' performance is surprisingly restrained , especially given that he 's playing a man who lived in fear every day that his double life would be exposed . The more secretive parts of Liberace 's world , like his obsession with sex clubs and porn , come across as quirky rather than dark . And Damon , who captures Thorson 's damaged-child side well , makes him a little too sympathetic .  After all , this is a guy who 's now in jail for burglary . It 's interesting that Soderbergh could n't get "  Candelabra " made as a feature film ; he says it 's because studios feared it was " too gay . " Liberace 's fans were actually mostly straight women , the older , blue-haired types . And for better or worse , that seems like the target audience for this movie , a glossy story of love gone wrong and then  slightly  redeemed at the end , without a whole lot of deep pathos in between . Those ladies might 've been comforted by Liberace 's final words in the movie : " Too much of a good thing is wonderful , " he says . That 's true -- but just a little bit more of a bad thing might 've been better . Grade : B - "  Behind the Candelabra " will air Sunday May 26 on HBO . HBO is owned by the parent company of CNN and EW . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael Douglas plays Liberace and Matt Damon Scott Thorson in "  Behind the Candelabra " Thorson 's memoir of their five year relationship inspired the film Steven Soderbergh directs
CNN  -- The coming elections seem to have fired up an intergenerational war , with the older population cast as the "  greedy geezers " eating so much of the pie that they leave only crumbs for the younger generation . Both Republicans and Democrats say that entitlements must be cut . The main losers of these cuts will be Americans older than 65 who collect Social Security and cash in Medicare checks . At the same time , both parties agree that we must spend more on the education of the young if we are to remain competitive in the world markets . Taking from the old is justified on the grounds that they take more out of Social Security than they paid in , while the young , who pay for Social Security , will find that the program has gone belly-up by the time they retire . Well-heeled older people are said to be enjoying the good life while the young ca n't find jobs and are saddled with debt . Charles Lane , writing in the Washington Post , makes the point with numbers . He cites a report from Pew Charitable Trusts that says the median net worth of households headed by those 65 or older rose between 1984 and 2009 by more than $ 170,000 . At the same time , that of households headed by those 35 or younger shrank by 68 % , to less than $ 4,000 . Sixty percent of seniors find it easy to pay their bills and the same percentage expect their quality of their life to improve in the near future . Others use rather strong emotive terms . Stephen Marche , writing for Esquire , refers to a "  bleeding up of the national wealth " to the elderly from today 's disenfranchised youth . The Minnesota Daily editorial board asserts that "  while no parent would honestly sell out their children , the U.S has done just that . " Dale Brandy , writing in the American Thinker , defines Social Security in terms of a class struggle between the "  young ` have-nots ' ... against the power , wealth , and influence of the older ` haves . ' " Health care expert Karl Stockton writes that the "  elderly receive the lion 's share  of health benefits  while breaking the backs of the young . " It makes the elderly sound like the 1 % that 99 % of the young should rail against . These hostile statements ignore some elementary and some surprising facts . Social Security comes close to paying for itself , after some recent revisions . The way to curb Medicare , which after all is merely a big reimbursement machine , is to cut the costs of health care rather than leave old people to chose between medications and their meals . Most important , it should surprise no one that people who completed the work years have earned and saved more than those who are just beginning to work or are early in their work career . And elementary fairness says that people who worked all their lives and saved a considerable share of their earnings rather than spent it all , should be allowed to live out their remaining years in reasonable comfort . CNN Money : Senior victims lose average of $ 140,500 to financial abuse Utterly ignored in all these tirades against the old , is the notion that the elderly get much more than young is based merely on public budgets and pays no mind to what happens to the large mountains of private dough . The data leave not the slightest doubt that our seniors , far from spending it all on a big going-out party during their retired years -- which they surely are entitled to and could do -- give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts . A study conducted by John J. Havens and Paul G. Schervish of the Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston College predicts that between 1998 and 2052 , a minimum of $ 41 trillion will pass from one generation to the next . They estimate that more than half of these funds will be transferred through bequests to heirs , about a quarter will go to estate taxes and fees , and the rest will be given to charities . There seems to be no statistics about the billions grandparents spend , while still living , on their grandchild 's first car , first house , college tuition , and such , but looking around me I find these amounts seem to vastly exceed what grandchildren grant their old folks . There is always room for reallocating our public budgets , such as cutting the hundreds of billions we are spending in Afghanistan and employing them in nation building at home , or stopping corporate welfare . We may even have to cap entitlements . But the last thing we need is another heated confrontation and a new line of social division . Instead , children and grandchildren should draft thank you notes to their elders for saving so much and leaving trillions behind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : The idea is growing that the old get all the benefits while young suffer But retirees have earned and saved more over the years and should live in comfort , he says Curbing costs of health care would curb Medicare ; he writes : Social Security can pay for itself Etzioni : In terms of private money , older people give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts
When U.S. forces toppled the Taliban government following the 9/11 attacks , there was a global wave of support from people horrified by the plight of Afghan women . Under the Taliban , women had been denied education , banned from medical treatment by male doctors , and publicly executed for "  immorality . " The Taliban 's fall promised women some basic freedoms and rights . Indeed , over the past 10 years there have been significant improvements for Afghan women and girls . Official restrictions ended on access to education , work , and health care . Millions of girls went to school for the first time . Women joined government , won elected office , and became police officers and even soldiers . A new constitution in 2004 guaranteed women equal rights , and a 2009 law made violence against women a crime . Underneath the surface of these changes , however , deep seated problems persist . Women in public life have suffered harassment , threats , and sometimes murder . Forced marriage , underage marriage , and domestic violence are widespread and too widely accepted . About 400 women and girls are imprisoned at present for the "  moral crimes " of sex outside of marriage and simply running away from home , often to flee abuse . While education is more accessible , more than half of girls still do n't go to school . Every two hours an Afghan woman dies of pregnancy-related causes . As the announced departure of international forces in 2014 draws closer , many Afghan women look to the future with fear . They worry that the troop pullout signals the end of interest in Afghanistan , and with it the international commitment to push the Afghan government to promote and protect women 's rights . Also likely to decrease is the foreign aid that pays for schools and clinics that have changed many lives . Afghan women fear being abandoned again by the rest of the world , as they were during the Taliban era . Plans for peace negotiations between the Taliban and the Afghan government raise the specter of women 's rights being bargained away . If there are no women at the negotiating table , this is even more likely . This week the fragility of women 's rights in Afghanistan has been on full display . The Ulema Council , a government-supported body of religious leaders , issued a statement on several issues , including the recent burning of copies of the Quran at a U.S. military base . The longest part of the statement , however , gave religious guidance on how women should be treated and should behave . The statement said some good things . It prohibited a traditional practice of giving a girl to another family to resolve a dispute  "  baad "  . It spoke against forced marriage . It confirmed women 's rights to inherit and own property . On women 's duties , however , the statement took a turn for the worse : Women should not travel without a male chaperone . Women should not mix with men while studying , or working , or in public . Women must wear the Islamic hijab . Women are secondary to men . If this was just the view of conservative religious leaders , it would be discouraging , but just another in a long line of discriminatory statements about women from Afghanistan 's male dominated institutions . What caused consternation , however , was the sense that President Hamid Karzai had embraced the statement . In a departure from usual practice , the statement was posted on the Presidential Palace website , distributed to the media by the Palace , and defended by President Karzai at a news conference . President Karzai has a mixed record on women 's rights . He committed Afghanistan to an international convention promising equal rights for women and pushed through by decree the 2009 law making violence against women a crime . He recently spoke out on two high-profile cases of violence against women . On the other hand , in the run-up to the 2009 presidential election he curried favor with hard-liners by signing the Shia Personal Status Law , which , for Afghanistan 's Shia minority , gives a husband the right to withdraw maintenance from his wife , including food , if she refuses to obey sexual demands , grants guardianship of children exclusively to men , and requires women to have permission from their husbands to work . Some women fear that Karzai is using the Ulema Council statement to send a message about what compromises he is ready to make with the Taliban . With international interest in Afghanistan waning , negotiations with the Taliban in the offing , and Karzai 's endorsement of the Ulema Council 's statement , Afghan women are more vulnerable than at any time in the past 10 years . Now President Obama and other backers of the Afghan government should make it clear that they will not support any deals that sacrifice women 's rights , and press Karzai to make his position clear . The risks for Afghan women are too high to do anything less .	Afghan women 's rights have improved in the last 10 years but problems persist Harassment , forced marriage and domestic violence are still widespread Religious leaders issued a statement this week on how women should behave They said that women should n't travel without a male chaperone or mix with men in public
Angry and frustrated over both the search and rescue operation and the flow of information from South Korean authorities , dozens of relatives of missing ferry passengers intending to march in protest to Seoul were blocked by police from leaving Jindo . Early Sunday around 2 a.m , the family members left their temporary shelter at an indoor gym and demanded they be able to go to the Blue House -- the official residence of the South Korean President Park Geun-hye -- to present their complaints . The residence is located in the capital , Seoul -- some 275 miles north of Jindo . Jindo is the port city where the search , rescue and recovery operation has been based since the ferry , carrying 476 passengers , capsized and sank on Wednesday . Hundreds of passengers remain unaccounted for . A police cordon prevented the planned march from proceeding , witnesses said . A few scuffles broke out but no one was reported hurt . "  We are not getting any help , so we want to go to the Blue House , ' said Nam Sa Hyun , an older sister of a student who is missing from the ferry . "  We want to tell the president about our situation . " Transcript of desperate calls released "  For four days , there is no help . Right now , nobody is giving information on the missing . Our children are in the boat and there is no plan . " Though the police were not aggressive to the protesting families , Nam questioned why there were so many officers at the site of anguished relatives . "  They 're not letting us get on the bus , the police are blocking us , " she said . "  They 're not helping us , they 're just blocking us . " Several families stayed in the street , attempting to break through police lines in their march . Some families lay down on the ground , sleeping outside in the cold to express their displeasure . In a video sent to CNN , angry parents yelled at officials who were trying to convince the families to go back to the gym , which serves as a temporary shelter for families . "  I ca n't believe them , " a woman shouted at the official who was urging them to return . "  Let 's go on our way . Why do we sit here and listen to them ? '	Families sheltered at a gym attempt to take grievances to South Korean president Families marched out at night , one witness tells CNN Police blocked families from leaving
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 25 security personnel were killed when between 200 and 300 militants attacked border posts along Pakistan 's border with Agfhanistan , Pakistan 's military said Saturday . Those who died included Pakistani soldiers and police , the military said in a statement on its website , and two of the seven checkpoints attacked were overrun . Twenty of the militants , who came from across the border , were reportedly killed , the military said . Reinforcements are now being sent to the northwestern Chitral district . The attacks took place in areas that spanned roughly 125 km , a military official told CNN . "  It was a well coordinated attack involving a large number of militants , " said the official , who asked not to be named because he 's not authorized to speak to the media . Earlier , provincial government official Mian Iftikhar Hussain , the information minister for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , told CNN that 36 Pakistani security personnel had died . Fifteen militants were also killed , he said . The militants used both small and heavy weapons , said Rehmatullah Wazir , a senior government official from Chitral . Wazir said clashes continued between security forces and militants in some areas near the border . The Pakistani military said the militants were reported to be from Dir , Swat and Bajaur , three areas in northwest Pakistan where the military has sought over the past two years to remove insurgents . Saturday 's attacks were the latest in a series of recent cross-border assaults from Afghanistan 's Pech Valley and the provinces of Kunar and Nuristan , all areas from which U.S. troops began pulling out earlier this year as part of a strategy designed to bolster security in more populated areas of Afghanistan . Pakistani military officials say the withdrawal of U.S. troops has provided insurgents in the mountainous areas of eastern Afghanistan with safe havens that are used to launch cross-border attacks against Pakistani security forces . The attacks have raised tensions between Pakistan and Afghanistan , with each country accusing the other of not doing enough to secure its border region . CNN 's Nasir Habib and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 25 security personnel died in attacks on border posts , Pakistan 's military says NEW : Some 200-300 militants from across the Afghan border took part in the attacks , it says NEW : It says two of the seven border posts attacked were overrun by militants A government official puts the death toll for Pakistan security personnel higher , at 36
CNN  -- The Syrian vice president arrived Friday in Moscow to talk with Russia 's foreign minister about the unrest that has roiled Syria for months , a Russian state news agency reported . Vice President Farouk al-Sharaa was to meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov "  to discuss ways for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in his country , " the Itar-Tass news agency reported . His visit came on the same day that at least 23 people , including four children , were killed across Syria , according to the Local Coordinating Committees , a network of opposition activists that organizes and documents demonstrations . The dead also included four women , the group said . Ten died in Homs , four in Daraa , five in Hama , two in the Damascus suburbs and one each in Idleb and Deir Ezzour , it said . But the official Syrian Arab News Agency said its correspondents had quoted official sources as saying that no casualties had occurred during the day , "  although armed terrorist groups attacked law-enforcement members in some areas . " Are you in Syria ? Share your experiences if you can safely Russia has opposed sanctions on Syria on the grounds that such actions rarely yield results . Russia has also opposed calls for foreign intervention in Syria and has urged that country to accept international monitors . The United Nations says 5,000 people have been killed in months of unrest in Syria , where pro-democracy activists are calling for an end to the rule of President Bashar al-Assad . The Syrian government 's repression of unrest has triggered criticism from Western nations as well as from the Arab League , which expelled Syria last month and has been pushing to send monitors into Syria . At the United Nations , Russia introduced a draft resolution this week that , it says , "  considerably strengthens " previous drafts "  with regard to the interest in violence , with regard to the need to uphold human rights , with regard to expediting reforms . " The resolution "  strongly condemns " violence "  coming from all parties , including disproportionate use of force by Syrian authorities . " It also would "  give a strong message to the Arab League that we encourage them to continue their efforts , and working together with the government of Syria , and to carry out its plans to deploy the monitoring mission in Syria , " Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said Thursday at the United Nations . The draft does not include sanctions or an arms embargo . Germany 's U.N. ambassador , Peter Wittig , described the Russian draft resolution as "  insufficient " but said it could be improved .	NEW : 23 people have been killed in Syria on Friday , activists say NEW : State-run SANA says no casualties occurred The Syrian vice president goes to Moscow for talks Russia has opposed sanctions on Syria , and has proposed a new U.N. resolution
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel recovered from a nightmare start to become the youngest ever triple Formula One champion as Jenson Button won the Brazilian Grand Prix . The 25-year-old was hit on the fourth turn of the opening lap and suffered damage to the left side of his car which could not be fixed . But Vettel roared back through the field to finish sixth and deny title rival Fernando Alonso by three points with the Spaniard finishing the race in second place . ` Brazil suits Red Bull ' insists Vettel "  I feel very proud of my team and of the season we have had , " said Alonso . "  We have lost the championship now , but not here in Brazil , instead in some other races  Belgium and Japan when he was involved in first corner accidents  . "  When you do something 100 % you have to happy and proud for the team , and we will try again next year . " It means that Vettel is only the third driver in the history of the sport to win three successive titles , equalling the achievements of Argentine Juan Manuel Fangio and Michael Schumacher . Fangio vs. Senna : Who is the greatest ? In a race which twisted and turned at every opportunity , it was no surprise that Vettel was made to sweat for his moment of glory . A slow start saw him drop to ninth before a coming together with Bruno Senna left his car damaged . With Red Bull unable to fix the problem and his title hopes sliding away , Vettel produced the drive of a champion , fighting his way from the back of the field to keep the pressure on Alonso . All the pressure on Vettel claims Alonso While Alonso sat further ahead with hopes of a third world title beginning to surface , the rain began to fall , leaving the drivers at the mercy of the elements . Vettel was forced to pit no less than three times as the weather continued to change , while Lewis Hamilton 's hopes of winning on his final race for McLaren were cruelly dashed . The 2008 world champion , who will race for Mercedes next year , collided with Nico Hulkenberg and suffered a broken front-left suspension . While he was applauded all the way back to the paddock by his McLaren team , it was Button who took full advantage . As the Briton remained untroubled as leader of the race , Vettel was still battling to get past Schumacher and claim the sixth place finish he needed to claim the title . Seven-time winner Schumacher finished a creditable seventh on his final race before retirement , but it was the action further up the track which was catching the eye . Alonso passed Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa to move into second , but with a few laps remaining , Vettel finally passed his fellow countryman to secure the title . Final Brazilian GP top 10 1 . Jenson Button - McLaren 1:45:22.656 2 . Fernando Alonso - Ferrari +2.754 3 . Felipe Massa - Ferrari +3.615 4 . Mark Webber - Red Bull +4.936 5 . Nico Hulkenberg - Force India +5.708 6 . Sebastian Vettel - Red Bull +9.453 7 . Michael Schumacher - Mercedes +11.907 8 . Jean-Eric Vergne - Toro Rosso +28.653 9 . Kamui Kobayashi - Sauber +31.250 10 . Kimi Raikkonen - Lotus +1 lap	Sebastian Vettel makes history by becoming youngest ever triple F1 champion Vettel claims sixth place finish to deny Fernando Alonso Fernando Alonso finishes second and loses out by three points McLaren 's Jenson Button wins Grand Prix at Interlagos
Rome  CNN  -- Authorities have in custody 34 people and are seeking the arrest of seven more as part of another major crackdown on the ` Ndrangheta crime syndicate , a prosecutor said Tuesday . The operation , dubbed "  Crime 2 , " follows a similar one in July 2010 , appropriately named "  The Crime . " "  Crime 2 " seeks to apprehend 41 people in Italy , Germany , Canada and Australia on charges ranging from homicide and illegal weapons possession to drug smuggling and money laundering . Officials sought to arrest between 200 and 300 people during the 2010 operation . Of the 41 people sought , 34 are in custody , said Chief Prosecutor of Reggio Calabria Giuseppe Pignatone . "  The main information that emerged from this investigation is that the structure of the mafia organization called ` Ndrangheta , is united . The basic territorial unit of the ` Ndrangheta is reproduced abroad . Each unit refers for the solution of problems and for any main decision with the mother house in Italy , " he said . Reggio Calabria is located in Calabria . The ` Ndrangheta is prevalent in the Calabria region of southern Italy and is seen as similar to the Sicilian Mafia . But the group has stretched to many other countries . In 2004 , authorities said they linked the ` Ndrangheta to an international drug trafficking network involving gangs in South America and Australia . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	The suspects are wanted for crimes ranging from money laundering to murder They are located in Italy , Germany , Canada and Australia The operation follows a similar crackdown in July last year
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least seven people are dead after assailants attacked a compound housing senior government officials , including those of the Pakistani intelligence services , a first responder and a security official told CNN Wednesday . Earlier , the security official had told CNN that two attackers were killed in the attack on the compound in the town of Sukkur , in Sindh province , but that number conflicted with additional reporting CNN has gathered . It was not immediately clear what the breakdown was of civilians and attackers killed . The security official , however , said that a suicide bombing occurred and was followed by a gun and grenade attack . In addition to housing Pakistani security offices , it also includes judges ' homes and police housing . Suicide bombers rammed an explosives-laden car into the building , the official said , and others went into the compound and carried out the gun and grenade attack . Mohammed Urif , in charge of ambulance services , said rescuers have transported 35 to 40 injured people to nearby hospitals . Among the injured , 10 to 12 are critically wounded , he said . "  It seems the blasts were targeting the Barrage Colony compound where the ISI offices are , " said Deputy Inspector General in Sukkur Javed Odho , referring to Pakistan 's intelligence agency . "  Police have cordoned off the area , and we are working toward conducting an investigation . " In a news release , Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif condemned the attack . The statement said that he "  prayed to Allah Almighty to bless the departed souls with eternal peace and grant courage to their families to bear the loss with fortitude . " He was also praying for the recovery of the injured , it read . Geo TV in Pakistan covered the blasts , showing video of rubble . It reported that the attack injured 35 people .	Compound in Sukkur attacked , a security official and first responder tell CNN Official : Suicide bombing was followed by an attack on the compound Compound houses senior government officials , security source says
CNN  -- India are poised to build a handy first-innings lead over South Africa after Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar scored centuries on the second day of the second cricket Test in Kolkata . The home side , needing to win to level the series and retain their No. 1 ranking in the five-day game , reached 342-5 when bad light halted play early on Monday , having bowled the Proteas out for 296 in the morning session . Opener Sehwag smashed a scintillating 165 off only 174 balls faced , hitting 23 boundaries and two sixes as he added 249 for the third wicket with Tendulkar . The veteran Tendulkar extended his world record of Test tons to 47 as he took on the junior role , facing 206 deliveries for his 106 . Sehwag , who was dropped by J.P. Duminy on 47 , had threatened South African Jacques Kallis 's record for the fastest half-century but suffered a brief lull in run flow before passing the mark in just 41 deliveries . He and Gautam Gambhir put on 73 for the first wicket in just 9.2 overs before the latter was run out for 25 , then paceman Morne Morkel had Murali Vijay caught behind by stand-in wicketkeeper A.B. De Villiers for seven . India reached lunch at 97-2 and Sehwag raced to three figures in only 87 balls for his 19th Test century as the duo batted through the middle session , going to tea at 232-2 . They both fell late in the day as part-time bowler Duminy removed Tendulkar and fellow spinner Paul Harris dismissed Tendulkar , then paceman Dale Steyn bowled Subramaniam Badrinath for one . V.V.S. Laxman  9  and nightwatchman Amit Mishra  1  survived until stumps as India extended their lead to 46 . South Africa had resumed on 266-9 after a late collapse on Sunday , and tailenders Morne Morkel and Wayne Parnell added another 30 runs for a final-wicket stand of 35 . Left-arm seamer Zaheer Khan finally ended their resistance , trapping Parnell leg before wicket for 12 in his first over of the day to finish with figures of 4-90 . Spinner Harbhajan Singh claimed three wickets on Sunday . Meanwhile , New Zealand reached 258-5 on a rain-hit opening day of the one-off Test against tourists Bangladesh in Hamilton . The Kiwis slumped to 66-3 after Monday 's start was delayed by an hour due to wet conditions , but Martin Guptill then added 60 with Ross Taylor  40  and an unbroken 100 with Brendon McCullum to guide the home team safely to stumps . No. 3 batsman Peter Ingram crashed 42 off 47 deliveries before becoming the second of Rubel Hossain 's three victims , but it was Guptill 's more measured Test best score of 80 that anchored the innings . The big-hitting McCullum kept the score ticking over as he celebrated his 50th Test with his 16th half-century , ending the day on 58 from 71 deliveries .	India reach 342-5 on second day of second Test against South Africa in Kolkata Virender Sehwag hits 165 as he adds 249 for third wicket with Sachin Tendulkar  106 Tourists South Africa had added 30 runs to their overnight total of 266-9 New Zealand reach 258-5 on rain-hit opening day of one-off Test against Bangladesh
CNN  -- It may feel to us , in France , as if Dominique Strauss-Kahn has constantly been in the news since that fateful afternoon of May 14 , 2011 , when NYPD officers arrested him on board an Air France flight bound to Berlin . The then-head of the International Monetary Fund was due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to try to solve the euro crisis . The man the French like to call DSK has only spoken twice about the day he fell from grace , the day he risked a brilliant international career , like many others to play Russian roulette . The first time he talked publicly was in September 2011 on French television . Now , almost two years later , he has given his first English language interview , on CNN . The French were n't very tender with him the first time he spoke out ; they will undoubtedly be as severe the second time . DSK says how he still feels "  very angry " at the U.S. justice system for having paraded him , handcuffed , for the whole world to see , "  at the precise time when a man should be considered innocent . " Two years later , DSK still smarting over ` perp walk ' Those images were , and indeed remain , shocking . It is illegal in France to show the face of people arrested by the police until they are proved guilty . It is , however , difficult to feel sorry for him now , especially after all that we have learnt since : his admission that he attended orgies in France with prostitutes paid for by friends , although he assures us he could not have possibly realized they were prostitutes because he only ever saw them naked . This man was going to be France 's next president after five years of Sarkozy rule . I would have voted for him , as no doubt millions of my compatriots would have done too , convinced as we were of his dazzling intelligence and that he was the man to resolve the euro crisis . We vaguely knew of his womanizing , certainly not a crime in French books , except we were n't aware it was pathological . Strauss-Kahn does n't however dwell too long on his Sofitel demise and swiftly moves on to explain how Europe is suffering a crisis of leadership . Quoting an Arabic proverb , he says that an army of lions led by a sheep will always be defeated by an army of sheep lead by a lion . Does he unconsciously imply that he was the lion Europe could have had and badly needed to dig itself out of its financial quagmire , if only fate had n't decided otherwise ? Possibly . Meanwhile , the former head of the IMF blames the European institutions for failing to implement hard decisions and for dithering . He says that some European leaders are "  perfectly up-to-date " and capable but that they are victims of deficient decision-making mechanisms at a supra-national level . Would he give , as France has tried to convince a reluctant Germany since 2008 , more power to the European Central Bank and its director Mario Draghi ? Probably . As Martin Schultz , president of the European Parliament tweeted this week : "  The U.S. have one currency , one central bank and one government . Europe has one currency , one central bank and ... 17 governments ! It can not go on like this , " before adding : "  We can not live with 17 individual policies on the euro . We need one single euro governance . " According to Strauss-Kahn , cohesion in decision making in Europe is not the only stumbling block . The European banking system is also at fault , "  sick , " and needs reforming before growth can settle back in . Reforming traders ' pay and bonuses is just but a small part of the problem , Strauss-Kahn says , what is even more important is to purge the whole system . When Strauss-Kahn first spoke to the French in September 2011 , he also dived into European economics to give a mini-lecture on how to go about the financial crisis . The French public reacted angrily : what was he doing , distilling his knowledge , when he was in no position to actually help the country any longer ? The French perfectly knew of his skills , so lamentably wasted ; they just did n't want to hear him anymore . The world will probably feel the same watching his interview with CNN . Strauss-Kahn 's voice does n't resonate anymore ; it was lost , once and for all , in a hotel suite in Manhattan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn gives first English-language interview since arrest , on CNN DSK says he still feels "  very angry " at U.S. justice system for having paraded him Hard to feel sorry for him , Agnes Poirier says , after his admission he attended orgies French know of his skills , Poirier argues ; they just did n't want to hear him anymore
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A battle raged in a strategically located Libyan city Saturday as state television showed a fist-pumping Moammar Gadhafi visiting a school , his first public appearance in days . Rebels fought hard in a back-and-forth war for Ajdabiya , the last stop before their stronghold , Benghazi , further to the east . Witnesses reported three hours of fighting that they said involved explosions caused by NATO aircraft . As the sun set , the rebels appeared to have averted a major setback by maintaining control of the hard-won city -- but it was tenuous at best . Outgunned , they conceded they were facing a formidable foe . In a hospital , witnesses told CNN that three of Gadhafi 's fighters who were killed were carrying identification cards from Syria , Algeria and Chad . NATO said in the past 24 hours its aircraft destroyed loyalist ammunition stockpiles east of Tripoli that were supplying troops shelling Misrata and other cities . Attacks also were made on armored vehicles near Misrata and Ajdabiya , it said . Opposition spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah told CNN that rebels flew two attack helicopters from Tobruk to join the fighting in Ajdabiya . "  There were some 50 regime pickup trucks with machine guns and rocket launchers that attempted to enter Ajdabiya , " Abdulmolah said . "  The helicopters destroyed several of the trucks and the rest took off . " Abdulmolah did not know what kind of helicopters the rebel forces used in Saturday 's attack and could not confirm whether rebel forces coordinated the operation with NATO . Far from the battleground , African leaders were meeting in Mauritania Saturday in an attempt to forge a mediator role in Libya 's impasse . The African Union 's special committee on Libya -- represented by Mauritania , Congo Republic , Mali , Uganda and South Africa -- will then travel to the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi to meet with the opposition leaders Sunday and Monday , according to the South African government . The South African government also said NATO has granted the committee permission to meet with Gadhafi in the Libyan capital , Tripoli . Gadhafi has been a big supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Libya also holds a seat on the 15-member Peace and Security Council . As such , opposition leaders in Benghazi did not express optimism over the success of mediation . The United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will travel to Cairo Thursday to head meetings on Libya at the Arab League headquarters . Among the participants will be Catherine Ashton , the representative for foreign affairs and security for the European Union . Meanwhile , Libyan Foreign Minister Khaled Gaim condemned on state-run television the reopening of key ports in the eastern cities of Tobruk and Benghazi , which he said enables the rebels to resume an oil trade . He accused NATO of violating the United Nations Security Council resolution that mandates the protection of civilians . State TV also aired images Gadhafi visiting on Saturday what appeared to be a primary school in Tripoli . The anchor said the school was a target of international airstrikes and was going to be attacked . Former U.S. lawmaker Curt Weldon visited Libya this week hoping to speak directly with Gadhafi but left without a meeting . He did manage to secure a letter from the strongman to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  I am disappointed that I did not get to sit down face to face with Colonel Gadhafi as promised , but I may have been able to get something even more significant -- a path to a resolution of this conflict , " Weldon said in a statement on his departure . Weldon visited Libya in 2004 when he was a Republican congressman from Pennsylvania and said he was invited this time by Gadhafi . Peace efforts seemed distant Saturday in Ajdabiya , where Gadhafi 's forces attacked with a barrage of artillery fire at the city 's western gates . Street fighting erupted as the loyalists , aided by sympathizers , entered the city . At one point , opposition fighters appeared to have all but lost again territory that was hard won . At the height of their march toward Tripoli , rebels came within 40 kilometers  25 miles  of Sirte -- Gadhafi 's hometown in western Libya . But loyalist forces have steadily pushed the rebels back and now stand poised to run down the highway to Benghazi , the opposition 's capital . Burnt carcasses of Libyan army tanks taken out by coalition aircraft three weeks ago litter the road . But it 's increasingly harder to distinguish pro-Gadhafi troops . They have changed tactics and have taken to moving about in civilian vehicles . "  The troops of Gadhafi have good weapons and have training and have leadership and have experience , " one rebel fighter said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	NEW : Two opposition helicopters attack in Ajdabiya The rebels appear to have averted a major setback there An African Union committee plans to meet opposition leaders in Benghazi this weekend Former U.S. lawmaker Weldon leaves Libya with a letter but no meeting with Gadhafi
Meiktila , Myanmar  CNN  -- Hnin Ei Phyu rides her motorbike across the city , goes out to dinner with Buddhist friends and has resumed her studies at a local university . Life has made a 180-degree turn for this 20-year-old Muslim woman . In March last year , her life was shattered by an explosion of sectarian violence between Buddhists and Muslims in her hometown of Meiktila in central Myanmar , which left more than 40 people dead and thousands more homeless . Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled for their lives during the first of three days of rioting and spent more than a month in a shelter at a nearby sports stadium . Violent clashes During the clashes , which reportedly erupted after a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools , businesses and mosques . People were also beaten , doused with gasoline and set on fire . Meiktila 's Muslims were heavily outnumbered and suffered the bulk of the casualties . For more than a month , few  if any  Muslims remained in their homes because they were either destroyed or it simply was n't safe for them to stay there . Hnin Ei Phyu 's family was among the first group of Muslims to return home after the worst of the violence . Unlike others , their house was still standing . While some Muslims were returning , interviews with many people across the city made it clear that trust between Muslims and their Buddhist neighbors was broken . Police and soldiers were now stationed on streets where Muslims lived to protect them against further attacks . Hnin Ei Phyu 's university was shut down . She was no longer in contact with her Buddhist friends and her parents would not allow her to go more than a short distance from their home . More than a year on , a return trip to the city revealed that although extremist elements remain , relations have warmed between many Buddhists and Muslims in the community . "  We 're close again , " Hnin Ei Phyu said about her relationships with Buddhist friends . "  We spend time after classes and enjoy each other 's company now , whether we talk about movies or eat together . " Time heals wounds Her mother , Thidar Hla , agreed distrust has gradually given way to friendship . "  Time healed many of the wounds , " she said . There are no longer police or troops stationed on Thidar Hla 's street , and her family is no longer afraid to go anywhere in the city . This change in attitude is not exclusive to one side of the sectarian divide . Last year , U Aung Khin , a 51-year-old Buddhist man , told me he stopped talking to his Muslim friends and would not even go to his usual Muslim butcher because he was afraid his food might be poisoned . "  Now I 'd go to a Muslim butcher and my relationships with my Muslim friends are back to normal , " he said . Sann Win Shein , a Muslim and vice president of a local interfaith group called Meiktila Unity and Prosperity Association , says people have not forgotten what happened but realize that it was n't necessarily their neighbors who were the main culprits behind the riots . He blames extremist groups , adding that when angry mobs are divided along sectarian lines , normally peaceful people can get caught up in the rage and emotion . He also blames the local police for not stepping in early on -- last year 's violence did n't stop until President Thein Sein declared a state of emergency and called in the military after three days of rioting . Leaders of the interfaith group acknowledge that the attitudes of some people might never change , but they insist they 're in the minority . "  Within six months many people were back to being friends , " said Khin Soe , a Buddhist . Khin Soe says he 's optimistic this community can avoid a repeat of last year 's deadly riots . "  So many of these people have lived side by side for years and have been friends for years , " he said . This interfaith group , made up of Buddhists and Muslims from the community , started in May 2013 and during the course of an eight-month campaign handed out thousands of t-shirts , baseball caps and stickers with words that translate to "  No religious violence because of me . " Long-persecuted Rohingya The rekindling of friendships between Buddhists and Muslims in Meiktila is quite different from the situation between Rohingya Muslims and ethnic Rakhines in Myanmar 's western Rakhine State . The Rohingya are a long-persecuted minority in Myanmar who are denied citizenship and usually are not allowed to leave Rakhine . Unlike Meiktila , where Buddhists and Muslims live side by side , the Rohingya live in separate villages -- more than 140,000 live in camps for the displaced after their homes were destroyed in riots two years ago . The communal violence there also resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people . Many Rohingya have lived in Myanmar for generations and were brought here from India when Myanmar was a British colony called Burma . Many ethnic Burmese view the Rohingya as illegal intruders from what 's now Bangladesh , and refuse to call them Rohingya , using the term Bengali instead . But in Meiktila , where trust between Buddhists and Muslims is being rebuilt , sections of the city remain in ruins . In the Muslim majority Thiri Mingalar Quarter , there are only rocks and dirt where many homes and businesses used to stand . A few people , who have the financial means , have started rebuilding . Rebuilding lives The only section of the city that has a lot of construction underway is Chan Aye Tharyar Quarter . All 760 homes in the neighborhood were lost -- the majority of them belonged to Muslim families . Construction has started on about 350 houses . "  I want to bring back those families who lost their homes to these new homes , " said construction project manager , U Myint Htwe , adding that they 're building homes for Muslims , Buddhists , Christians and Hindus . He says the government is covering the costs of building roads , water lines and utility lines , but the money to cover the estimated $ 6 million needed to replace the homes is being raised privately . Most of the donors are Muslims living in Yangon , the country 's biggest city and commercial capital . MM Raunat Group , which is connected to a mosque in Yangon , is handling the fundraising and the rebuilding of Chan Aye Tharyar Quarter . But U Myint Htwe says organizers have only been able to raise half of the money they need so far . He says he has no idea when he 'll be able to finish the project . Returning home Nwe Nwe Oo is one of the Chan Aye Tharyar residents who hope to go back . "  I 'm always thinking about it , " she said . "  I even cry . " She 's one of more than 5,000 people still living in shelters and camps for the displaced . Nwe Nwe Oo 's shelter is for Muslims and is on the grounds of a local university about 14 miles outside of Meiktila . She has spent more than a year living inside a 15 by 20 foot room in a bamboo shelter without running water with her husband and two children , aged 12 and 14 . They have to walk for a few minutes to access the nearest toilet and shower . Nwe Nwe Oo cooks the family 's meals over a tiny , charcoal barbecue , one of dozens lined in orderly rows in the camp . Despite the tight living quarters , Nwe Nwe Oo says she is thankful . "  I 'm grateful to have a safe place to stay , " she said . Memories of the riots in Meiktila have n't faded , but many people here are cautiously optimistic about the direction things are heading . Last year , they talked about distrust and broken bonds . Now some of those same people discuss rebuilding the city and rekindling friendships between Buddhists and Muslims , all the while hoping that extremists do n't find a way to divide their community again .	Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled their home during 2013 violence in Meiktila The unrest pitted Muslims against Buddhist majority following shop dispute The sectarian unrest exposed Myanmar 's ethnic faultlines Journalist David Grunebaum visits the town a year on and finds forgiveness
CNN  -- Netflix and Amazon are adding several new titles to their collections for the month of May . There are '80s classics like "  Adventures in Babysitting " and "  The Big Chill , " plus a huge selection of James Bond and Godzilla movies . And with Amazon 's recent deal with HBO , some of the cable network 's programming is going to arrive on Amazon this month . Never seen "  The Sopranos , " "  The Wire " or "  Deadwood " ? Here 's another chance to catch up . Here 's what you should look for on Netflix : May 1 : "  Adventures in Babysitting "  1987 "  Boys Do n't Cry "  1999 "  Broadway Idiot "  2013 "  Forrest Gump "  1994 "  Gladiator "  2000 "  Hook "  1991 "  Kill Bill Vol . 1 "  2003 "  Kill Bill Vol . 2 "  2004 "  Kiss the Girls "  1997 "  La Bamba "  1987 "  Legend of Bagger Vance "  2000 "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington "  1939 "  Psych , " season 7 "  The Big Chill "  1983 "  The Prince of Tides "  1991 "  Goldfinger "  1964 "  A View to a Kill "  1985 "  For Your Eyes Only "  1981 "  From Russia With Love "  1963 "  Live and Let Die "  1973 "  Never Say Never Again "  1983 "  You Only Live Twice "  1967 "  Godzilla vs. Monster Zero "  1965 "  Godzilla vs. Mothra "  1964 "  Godzilla : King of the Monsters "  1956 "  Godzilla 's Revenge "  1969 May 4 "  Top Gear : Series 20 " May 8 "  Royal Pains , " season 5 May 9 "  Much Ado About Nothing "  2012 May 10 "  Pain and Gain "  2013 May 11 "  American Dad , " season 8 "  Apartment 1303 "  2012 May 13 "  Free Birds "  2013 May 15 "  Eddie Murphy : Delirious "  1983 "  Jenny McCarthy : Dirty Sexy Funny "  2014 "  Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day "  2008 May 16 "  Sanctum "  2011 May 17 "  Scandal , " season 3 "  Star Trek Into Darkness "  2013 May 22 "  Machete Kills "  2014 May 27 "  Escape from Tomorrow "  2013 "  Leviathan "  2012 "  Vanishing of the Bees "  2009 May 28 "  Brave Miss World "  2013 "  These Birds Walk "  2013 May 30 "  Derek , " season 2 "  Wicker Park "  2004 May 31 "  Annie Hall "  1977 And here 's what you should look for on Amazon : "  The Spectacular Now "  2013 "  Suits " Season 3 "  Covert Affairs , " Season 4 "  Much Ado About Nothing "  2012 "  Pain and Gain "  2013 "  Star Trek Into Darkness "  2013 All seasons of : "  The Sopranos " "  The Wire " "  Deadwood " "  Rome " "  Six Feet Under " "  Eastbound & Down " "  Enlightened " "  Flight of the Conchords " Some seasons of : "  Boardwalk Empire " "  Treme " "  True Blood " Original movies : "  Game Change " "  Too Big to Fail " "  You Do n't Know Jack " Documentaries : "  Autopsy " "  Iceman " "  Ghosts of Abu Ghraib " "  When the Levees Broke " Comedy specials : Lewis Black Ellen DeGeneres Louis CK Bill Maher Miniseries : "  Angels in America " "  Band of Brothers " "  John Adams " "  The Pacific " "  Parade 's End "	Netflix and Amazon are adding new titles for May Netflix has expanded its collection of James Bond and Godzilla movies Amazon has added some HBO shows
CNN  -- AC Milan have moved up to second place in the Italian Serie A table , just four points behind city rivals Inter , after Brazilian international Alexandre Pato scored a last-gasp winner to give them a 2-1 victory at Fiorentina . Pato fired home Ronaldinho 's cross in the final minute to ensure the Rossoneri moved above Roma in the title race . Fiorentina opened the scoring in the 14th minute when former AC Milan striker Alberto Gilardino tapped-home after Milan had not dealt properly with Stevan Jovetic 's pass . But substitute Klass-Jan Huntelaar levelled with 10 minutes remaining , after a superb one-two with Ronaldinho , before Pato won it for Milan at the death . Meanwhile , in the evening 's other Serie A match , Udinese fought back to claim a hard-fought 2-1 home win over Cagliari . Brazilian striker Jeda headed Cagliari into a third-minute lead but two goals in as many second-half minutes from Alexis Sanchez and top scorer Antonio Di Natale marked coach Pasquale Marino 's return to the club with a victory .	AC Milan move up to second in the Serie A table after beating Fiorentina 2-1 Brazlian Alexandre Pato fires home the winning goal in the final minute Udinese also fight back from going an early goal behind to defeat Cagliari 2-1
CNN  -- Three young brothers from Michigan remain missing despite the efforts of police and volunteer searchers working since the boys ' disappearance during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend . Residents in the small city of Morenci , Michigan , held a candlelight vigil Sunday night for Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 , who were last seen at their father 's home on Thanksgiving . The father , John Skelton , was arrested last Tuesday upon his release from a mental health facility where he was being treated after a suicide attempt , according to Morenci Police Chief Larry Weeks . Skelton -- charged with parental kidnapping -- is fighting his extradition from Ohio , authorities said last week . A hearing is set for December 14 . Although investigators have found "  a number of items , " they have not determined the children 's whereabouts , Weeks has said . Local authorities and federal investigators have been assisting with the search . Weeks has said authorities are skeptical of the information Skelton has provided . Skelton said he left the three boys with a woman , whom he identified as Joann Taylor , the morning before he tried to take his own life -- in part to ensure that they did not witness his suicide attempt . Skelton said Taylor was supposed to take the boys to their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , Ohio , on November 26 , Weeks said . But the boys never arrived . Earlier , authorities determined that Skelton had no "  established relationship " with the person he named as Taylor , and they are n't certain she even exists . Authorities have been asking for the public 's help , hoping someone saw Skelton 's blue 2000 Dodge Caravan that was believed to be carrying the boys along a 25-mile stretch of road between Morenci and Holiday City , Ohio . The last time someone other than a family member saw the boys was at 5 p.m. on November 25 , according to Weeks . Police say Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , has strawberry-blond hair and blue eyes and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds .	Tanner Skelton , 5 , Alexander William Skelton , 7 , and Andrew Skelton , 9 , remain missing Their father , John Skelton , is charged with parental kidnapping He is fighting extradition from Ohio Residents held a candlelight vigil for the missing boys
CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress this week was as eagerly anticipated in Tehran as it was in Washington . The Iranian reaction to the speech has been a combination of indignation and indifference . While some of Netanyahu 's remarks are already being exploited by competing factions within the Iranian state , the likeliest impact of the speech is tied to Netanyahu 's baseless charge that Iran 's vendetta against the Jewish people is an ancient mission . The earliest official reactions were predictably the most vigorous in denouncing Netanyahu 's message to the American people . Ali Larijani , the powerful speaker of the Iranian parliament , painted Netanyahu as the leader of a "  tin pot regime " that is not as concerned about Iran 's nuclear program as it is of Tehran 's growing regional influence . The hardline Kayhan newspaper , the key official outlet linked to the office of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , called the speech "  trash talking " but it also made sure to use it an ammunition against its rivals in the moderate faction . The paper , skeptical of President Hassan Rouhani 's nuclear negotiations with the Americans from the beginning , said Netanyahu 's comments present an awkward truth for the pro-negotiation faction in Tehran : the Israeli leader and his American supporters are openly signaling the dispute with Iran can only be resolved once there is a change of regime there . Iranian media coverage of Netanyahu 's speech mentioned the controversy in the U.S. around its timing but the hardline outlets warned against reading too much into it . As one hardline newspaper , Khorasan , put it , "  although it is undeniable that Obama and Netanyahu disagree on Iran , the -LSB- recent -RSB- remarks of the two -LSB- leaders -RSB- shows that they both seek the same goal . " The idea that the U.S. and Israel share the same strategic goal to rein in Iran but are in disagreement about how to achieve it is the cornerstone of the hardliners ' stance in Tehran . The moderate outlets , supportive of President Rouhani , have put a different spin on Netanyahu 's speech . Unlike the hardliners , they are not painting the Obama-Netanyahu fallout as some orchestrated good cop-bad cop ploy to maximize concessions from Tehran . Instead , they emphasize that there is a genuine difference in opinion between the U.S. and Israel . The moderate faction sees the controversy around Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress and his failure to squeeze the Obama White House to toughen its negotiation terms with Tehran as an indication that Netanyahu is the one who is isolated . The hardliners and the moderates were in full agreement on one point , and that was the delight they shared about the absence of some 60 out of 232 Democratic members of the Congress from Netanyahu 's speech . It is too early to gain a good insight into the reaction of ordinary Iranians to Netanyahu 's speech . But one aspect of his speech is bound to create backlash among ordinary Iranians outside the corridors of the state : his invocation of festival of Purim , which commemorates the salvation of Jewish people in ancient Persia . The historic event is recorded in the Book of Esther but Netanyahu 's characterization implied that the Persian people 's history of anti-Semitism and the pursuit of agenda to destroy the Jewish people is an ancient mission . "  Today the Jewish people face another attempt by yet another Persian potentate to destroy us , " Netanyahu said . With that line , he put the ruling Islamists in Tehran on par with ruling Persian empires that have come before them . As is already evident in the Persian-language social media , this will not go down well with ordinary Iranians , many of whom are not supporters of the Islamist system in Tehran and will resent the charge of eternal Persian anti-Semitism . They wish Netanyahu had made more effort to distinguish between the Islamist rulers in Tehran -- many of whom undoubtedly harbor anti-Semitic views -- and the people of Iran whose history with the Jewish nation is far more amicable than Netanyahu 's portrayal of history suggests . What is more instantly measurable is the impact of Netanyahu 's speech among officials in Tehran . The Iranian response to Netanyahu 's speech to the Congress is best described as one that reflects the clash of visions between moderates and hardliners in the echelons of power . For the moderates , the controversy around his speech and the cold-shoulder Netanyahu got from the White House is itself a vindication of President Rouhani 's gamble on reaching a diplomatic solution to Iran 's 12-year nuclear saga . The hardliners have been quick to paint Netanyahu 's visit to Washington as an example of the insincerity of the Americans in dealing with Iran , but not even the hawks in Tehran are claiming that Netanyahu 's presence in the U.S. Congress is grounds to shift Iran 's nuclear diplomatic strategy .	Iranians met Netanyahu 's speech with indignation , indifference , writes Alex Vatanka Moderates believe Obama 's cold shoulder is vindication of Rouhani 's strategy , he says Hardliners suggest the speech shows U.S. insincerity but have not argued against talks
CNN  -- The mother of a 15-year-old girl who appeared on "  The Tyra Show " as a self-described sex addict is suing the daytime talk show host for up to $ 3 million , claiming the show flew the girl , Jewel Ciera Washington , to New York and put her on TV without parental consent or the proper work papers required by the state of Georgia . "  It 's like I 'm trapped in a dark place with no light shining down , like I 'm a prisoner , " Washington said on the TV show . "  I know that I need help for this . ... I know it for a fact , " she added . The lawsuit , filed October 8 in U.S. District Court in Atlanta , Georgia , by Beverly McClendon , says written consent and an employment certificate must be obtained before a minor can be "  employed as a performer in a television production ... -LSB- and -RSB- the minor will not be used for pornographic purposes . " According to McClendon 's attorneys , Wanda Jackson and George Lawson , "  the sole intent of the Defendants programming was to increase ratings in order to gain advertising revenue . " McClendon 's attorneys claim "  both Plaintiffs -LSB- McClendon and Washington -RSB- have been harmed and have received injury ... to their health and well-being " as a result of the alleged violations and alleged negligence by the TV show host and program , its executive producers and Warner Bros. . Entertainment . Washington appeared on the now-defunct program in October 2009 . Scott Rowe , senior vice president of worldwide communications for Warner Bros. . Television Group , told CNN Entertainment that the company is "  not commenting at this time . " Calls to McClendon and her lawyers have not been returned . The defendants have not answered the complaint . No court date has been set . Warner Bros. . Entertainment , one of the defendants in McClendon 's lawsuit , is a division of Time Warner , which is the parent company of CNN and "  In Session , " which airs on truTV . In Session 's Jessica Thill and HLN 's Kaylin Rocco contributed to this report .	"  The Tyra Show " is sued by the mother of an alleged "  sex addict " Lawsuit alleges the show put the 15-year-old girl on TV without parental consent "  It 's like I 'm trapped in a dark place , " Jewel Ciera Washington told Banks in 2009 No court date has been set
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who says forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi raped her , is grateful for support she has received , said CNN 's Nic Robertson , who met briefly with her Wednesday . "  She is a very strong lady who told me to thank all  the  people who have stopped her case from disappearing , " Robertson said . Al-Obeidy said she had a message for humanitarian organizations : They should come to Tripoli and "  see how life is here , " he said . She said she is still recovering physically from the alleged assault and displayed faded bruises and rope burn marks on her wrists , Robertson said . But , she told him , she is unable to leave Tripoli and be reunited with her family and faces abuse whenever she leaves her house , he said . The Libyan government is insisting on a review of the interview by a government representative before transmission . The review was scheduled Wednesday night , but an apparently imminent airstrike postponed the review until Thursday morning . Meanwhile , al-Obeidy 's mother said Wednesday that talking to her daughter by telephone Tuesday night was an emotional experience . "  Of course , I felt worse , " Aisha Ahmad said . "  Because she was crying . I could n't understand a word because she was crying . She even made me cry . " The two women spoke on Tuesday . Al-Obeidy told her mother that a court employee pulled a weapon on her when she went to a courthouse . The 29-year-old law school graduate burst into a Tripoli hotel last month to tell her story to journalists . Authorities rushed her away from the hotel , but she is no longer in custody . Still , she told CNN 's "  AC360 " Tuesday she fears for her safety in Tripoli , which she called a "  large prison . " She said authorities had taken her passport and were not letting her cross into Tunisia . Al-Obeidy : Tripoli is a prison Al-Obeidy said she spent 72 hours under interrogation after being dragged away from the Tripoli hotel where she tried to tell journalists about her alleged abuse . She has said the public statements from a state TV anchor and government officials , who initially called her mentally ill , drunk and a prostitute , have ruined her reputation . Ahmad , who lives in the eastern Libyan city of Tobruk , said her daughter told her in the call "  she was trapped . She said , ` They 're taking me back and forth , interrogating me , hitting me . ' She said , ` They want to kill me . Help me , come and get me , ' she said . ` Where are the human rights groups ? ' " Asked how she is coping , Ahmad said , "  Our hope in God is very strong . " She told her daughter Tuesday that the world is praying for her and not to be afraid . All eyes on Eman al-Obeidy On whether she has a message for those who might be listening , Ahmad said , "  I want -LSB- President -RSB- Obama and all the Western world to get involved and bring me back my daughter . Just bring her back to me . I would like to tell the mothers all over the world , and the Arab world , that if something happens to someone , they need to speak out . They just need to speak out . " Al-Obeidy burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli on March 26 while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli , held against her will for two days and was beaten and raped by 15 men . When CNN saw her in March , al-Obeidy 's legs and face were bruised and she had blood on her right inner thigh . Her visible injuries appeared to support her allegations . Human Rights Watch , in a statement Wednesday , called for Libyan authorities to immediately allow al-Obeidy to leave Tripoli and receive medical care . Nadya Khalife , the Middle East women 's rights researcher for the organization , said authorities have further victimized al-Obeidy by refusing to allow her to leave Tripoli . When rape is a tool of war "  It 's very difficult for women in Libyan society to report that they have been raped because of the shame and fear they feel , and it has been even more difficult for al-Obeidy , " Khalife said . "  But she has courageously ignored all these barriers to tell her story to the world . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Eman al-Obeidy says she is still recovering , CNN 's Nic Robertson says The Libyan government wants to review Robertson 's interview Al-Obeidy 's mother says , "  Our hope in God is very strong "
CNN  -- Rep. Bill Young of Florida , the longest-serving Republican member of the House , died Friday evening , his chief of staff said . Harry Glenn said that C.W. Bill Young was surrounded by family when he died at 6:50 p.m. at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . "  The cause of death was complications related to a chronic injury , " Glenn said . News of Young 's death came two days after his family said in a statement that he was "  gravely ill . " The 22-term representative was n't on the House floor for the vote on reopening the government and raising the debt ceiling . Just last week , he announced that he would n't run for another term . "  It 's my time , " the 82-year-old told the Tampa Bay Times in a phone interview . As to why he was retiring , Young said , "  I do n't know that I would pick out one thing . It 's a lot of things . " Among them , Young said , was his frustration with congressional gridlock . "  I 'm a little disappointed . It seems there 's too much politics . It 's a different Congress , " he told the Times . Young was first elected to the House in November 1970 . After serving 10 years in the Florida State Senate and 43 years in the U.S. House , Young spent more than half a century in elected office . He served with a total of eight presidents . During his tenure , Young was heralded for his expertise on defense issues . He chaired the full House Appropriations committee and its defense subcommittee during his tenure on Capitol Hill . Former House Speaker Tom Foley dead at 84 People we 've lost in 2013	Rep. Young had served 22 terms in the U.S. House Young , 82 , announced last week he would not seek re-election His family said earlier this week the congressman was "  gravely ill "
New Delhi  CNN  -- A train speeding through a forested corridor in India 's West Bengal killed three elephants and another is in a critical condition , a wildlife official said Friday . A baby elephant was among the animals killed in the pre-dawn collision in India 's Jalpaiguri district some 620 kilometers  385 miles  north of the state capital Kolkata , said V.K. Sood , chief conservator of forests in West Bengal state . Another elephant is still in a critical condition after the train plowed into part of a herd crossing the tracks , he said . Concern over similar incidents had prompted railway authorities to restrict train speeds in the area to 25km an hour . However , the railway department has said a speed of 50km an hour was permissible in the area where the accident occurred . Sood said an inquiry is now underway to determine the speed of the train that killed the elephants Thursday , he said , adding that investigators were also looking at the levels of visibility on the track at the time . As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004 , Sood said . India 's former rail minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said in a Railway Budget speech in February the department needed to make special provision to protect what he called "  these gentle giants . " "  The railway family is deeply grieved by some incidents of death of elephants on railway tracks passing through forest areas . Several measures have been initiated in consultation with the Ministry of Environment and Forests , which I am confident will substantially reduce such accidents and safeguard the lives of these gentle giants , " he said . He said the department had already proposed a bypass rail link around one reserve with a sizable elephant population . Conservationists estimate that India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is increasingly under pressure as human settlements encroach on nature reserves . India has recently witnessed a number of cases of wild animals entering urban environments . In one high-profile incident a leopard killed one person and injured two other after wandering into a residential area in northeast India .	Train in West Bengal kills three elephants and left one in a critical condition The train plowed into the animals as the herd crossed the tracks As many as 36 elephants have been killed by trains in the area since 2004 India has a wild population of some 25,000 Asiatic elephants but their habitat is under threat
CNN  -- The third "  B " in the collapse of our national security system and the State Department hit this week . The release of five very high-value terrorist leaders as a swap for one U.S. serviceman was the third strike against the Obama administration 's policy of defeat , dishonesty and self-delusion . When Congress starts investigating the Bergdahl case it must broaden the analysis to look at the common patterns which connect it to the administration 's approach on two other national security questions : Boko Haram and Benghazi . The first was Hillary Clinton 's State Department 's decision from 2011 to 2013 to reject requests by the FBI , CIA , Justice Department and many congressmen and senators on both sides of the aisle to list Nigeria 's Boko Haram as a terrorist organization . Well before Boko Haram abducted more than 200 girls from a school in northern Nigeria in April , the State Department 's arguments for keeping the Nigerian extremist group off the list were almost exactly the arguments used to distort what happened in Benghazi , Libya , on September 11 , 2012 , and to justify releasing five extraordinarily dangerous Taliban leaders . Boko Haram , we were told , was a local organization without aspirations to international terrorism . This assessment required us to ignore the fact that Boko Haram 's first base camp in northern Nigeria was called "  Afghanistan " in honor of the Taliban . It required us to ignore the fact that the group burned Christian churches on Christmas Day . It required us to ignore the fact that members of Boko Haram went to Yemen , Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan for training . None of this , self-delusional "  experts " in the State Department assured us , meant that Boko Haram was a "  real " terrorist organization . Then in 2012 came riots in Cairo and Benghazi , among other places in the Muslim world . These were not caused by vicious , anti-American religious extremists , the experts assured us -- that would have violated the State Department ethos of appeasing others and blaming ourselves -- but by a YouTube video . Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton eventually went so far as to disavow the content of the video on behalf of the American people . Just as the apology machine began to run at full speed , blaming the obscure filmmaker and absolving the mob of its permanent willingness to attack the United States for any reason , along came the attack that killed the American ambassador and three other Americans in Benghazi . The self-deluding national security machine lied to the entire country and denied what really happened at Benghazi . The driving force in the lies was the Clinton State Department , which specifically asked for the intelligence community analysis to be changed . Now we have the most disastrous of the three "  B 's " : Bergdahl . While we can be glad an American soldier has been returned from captivity , the release of five senior enemy commanders is a defeat of the first order . Taliban leader Mullah Omar declared the swap a great victory . The Taliban got everything it asked for . This swap was a surrender , not a negotiation . It 's likely that the five Taliban leaders will all go into action immediately . The notion that their presence in Qatar restricts them is just one more example of self-delusion and dishonesty by the State Department . Both the Treasury and the State Department have identified Qatar as a hot bed of fundraising for radical Islamists . The Qataris have consistently meddled in Middle Eastern countries on the side of radicals and against the U.S. . The return of the senior Taliban commanders is as big a defeat as America has suffered in a very long time . Who knows how many will die when these five leaders resume their war against the West ? Taliban video shows Bowe Bergdahl 's release in Afghanistan President Barack Obama released the five Taliban leaders without ever consulting his Afghan "  allies , " who must feel very threatened between the previous week 's announcement by the president of an arbitrary American withdrawal date and now the unilateral release of five of their mortal enemies . The Left 's selfishness , self-centeredness and duplicity abandons allies when they become "  inconvenient . " Obama 's foreign policy successes seem to come at enormous cost to other people . The president 's argument that we simply had to cut a deal for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl because of his health goes against the American experience in every recent war . In Vietnam , many American prisoners of war were held longer than Bergdahl and 114 died in captivity . In the Korean War , more than 7,100 Americans became prisoners of war and just over 2,700 are known to have died in captivity . The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate What President Obama really did this week is to guarantee a much lower military interest in risking life and limb to take high-value prisoners alive given that there is now a possibility that they will released in the future . Instead , missions will be more focused on killing than capturing these targets . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl , former officials say The Obama team clearly believed that chanting "  We Do n't Leave Americans Behind " would be a winning argument . Every spokesperson for the administration repeated the line . Susan Rice , now national security adviser , replayed her post-Benghazi role of going on Sunday shows and either misleading or lying to the American people , claiming that this was "  a joyous day . " One final example of the Left 's passion for self-delusion and dishonesty . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel asserted that we never negotiated with the Taliban . Other administration figures took up that claim . Opinion : Five tough ethics issues in Bergdahl swap It is so pathetic a lie it is hard to understand how he could say it with a straight face . The claim is that the Qataris talked to the Taliban . In this case , of course , the Qataris were our agents and were negotiating for us . But we are asked to indulge the deceit . The State Department may be the second-most urgent reform target after Veterans Affairs . Congress should link together the three "  B 's " and understand that we are faced with delusion across our national security apparatus . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich says the problems with the Bergdahl case are part of a larger pattern He links the Nigerian terror group Boko Haram and deaths in Benghazi to soldier 's release He calls the swap for five prisoners a surrender , not a negotiation
Russia and China blocked efforts of other major powers to pass a U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria Tuesday , with a dramatic dual veto thwarting a call for an immediate halt to the crackdown in Syria against opponents of President Bashar al-Assad . Nine of the 15-member council countries , including the United States , voted in favor of adopting the resolution . The Russian ambassador to the U.N. said Security Council action would be "  an intervention " that would send the wrong message to the international community . "  I understand that my European colleagues are upset , having not obtained a resolution which they were trying to obtain , " Russia 's Vitaly Churkin told reporters afterward . "  Some capitals are being overly hasty in passing their judgment about the illegitimacy of the leaders in Syria , " he added . U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice , meanwhile , said the United States "  is outraged that this council has utterly failed to address an urgent moral challenge and a growing threat to regional peace and security . " The resolution , if passed , would have called upon Syria to stop oppressing its citizens . "  The unprecedented , aggressive language resorted  to  by certain ambassadors against my country , against the political leaders of my country , facilitated my task today , " said Bashar Ja'afari , Syrian ambassador to the United Nations . "  This aggressive discourse reveals the prejudice in certain Western capitals against my country 's political leadership , " added Ja'afari . Security Council member countries India , Brazil , South Africa , Lebanon abstained from voting on the resolution . "  After seven months of near complete inaction in the Council , while at least 2,600 people were being killed , and thousands injured , arrested or tortured , this vote is a disgrace . By casting their veto , Russia and China are enabling the Syrian government 's abhorrent repression campaign , " said Philippe Bolopion , the United Nations director for Human Rights Watch . Meanwhile , another round of violence flared in Syria Tuesday , as reports of more deaths surfaced amid the relentless government crackdown on protesters . The nearly seven-month-long offensive has drawn world condemnation and calls to action against the government of al-Assad . And a newly formed group of army deserters has issued pleas for help from the international community . "  This regime will stay until the last drop of blood , " said Col. Riad al-Assa ` ad , head of a group of army deserters that has merged into a force called the Free Syria Army . "  But there ca n't be more bloodshed than there already is . " "  This is a regime built on force . And it ca n't be brought down but with force . We lived under it for 40 years . " At a State Department briefing in Washington before the Security Council vote , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said adoption of a U.N. resolution would send a message to the al-Assad regime that "  the violence has to stop . " "  We 've been making the strongest possible case that we can to all of the U.N. Security Council members that , given the bloodshed , given the violence , given the arrests , given the torture that the Assad regime has propagated against its own people , it is overdue for the Security Council to make its views known , and we hope that is a very , very strong message that they are receiving , " Nuland said . Also on Tuesday , three Syrian army soldiers and one civilian were killed during clashes in Jabal Al-Zawiya in Idlib province , said the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Security forces chasing wanted people killed a man in the forests of Idlib between Karouma and al-Bara . The activist group , which has a network of contacts across Syria , said fighting erupted in the morning between soldiers at a military camp in the northwestern province and armed men believed to be army defectors . The corpse of a student detained by security forces in the town last month was returned to his family , the observatory said . The group also said security forces in Al-Dar Al-Kabira village in Homs province opened fire at a security checkpoint and killed three civilians . The province is in the western part of the country . It said a 12-year-old was killed in the Homs province community of Deir Baalba . The observatory says 2,365 civilians and 680 army and security forces have been killed in the unrest since mid-March . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , another activist group , said at least nine people died , including six in Homs and three in Idlib . Government forces dispersed a student demonstration in Hasaka in the east and arrested two students and a teacher . Security forces arrested 10 youths in a demonstration in the western city of Baniyas . The LCC also reported raids and arrests in the Damascus suburbs . The activist group said there was an exchange of fire between military forces and dissident soldiers in the southern Daraa province . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said "  an armed terrorist group " ambushed security forces in the city of Hama , in the west . Two law enforcement members were killed , and two were injured . It also said that "  an armed terrorist group " was responsible for killing and mutilating five citizens in Homs after they were abducted and tortured . Activists blame violence engulfing Syria since mid-March on security personnel attacks . The Syrian government says armed terrorists are responsible . CNN is unable to independently verify such claims , because the Syrian government has denied international journalists access to the country . The Free Syria Army , meanwhile , is hoping for support from the United States , Europe and neighboring countries , such as Turkey . Al-Assa ` ad is asking the international community to implement a no-fly zone and a naval blockade , measures similar to those taken by an international coalition against Libya . The Free Syria Army is also requesting weapons and wants the regime 's frozen assets . "  Our correct strategy is to protect the demonstrations from the security forces and the shabiha ... until we bring down the regime , " he told CNN on Monday , making a reference to pro-government forces . "  If we have a no-fly zone and a naval blockade and the weapons , we can secure an area to operate from and move forward with bringing down the regime . " Al-Assa ` ad told CNN that the Syrian army "  strayed from its mission , " and his group decided to make protection of the citizenry its mission . "  The regime was using the military as its own private army , not an army to protect Syria and the people . They turned the army into a gang that was killing people , killing innocents , destroying homes , " he said Monday . Al-Assa ` ad sloughed off the government claim about armed gangs fomenting violence . "  From the start of the revolution in Syria , we would get orders that there were armed gangs in the country , " he said . "  But there were no armed gangs . " The Free Syria Army recently claimed responsibility for operations in Homs and Deir Ezzor in the east to protect the civilian population and harass army units to prevent them from operating effectively . Al-Assa ` ad said military and security forces are "  demoralized and tired . " "  We are carrying out operations on Syrian lands . There are areas that they are unable to enter . There are many areas that they are fearful about entering . We are causing them losses . " Al-Assa ` ad said defecting is a serious move to make because of the risks to defectors ' families . But the numbers of army defectors are increasing . Asked whether any soldier with blood on his hands would be forgiven , Al-Assa ` ad said , "  they are killing because they are being forced to . ... Many have been executed because they refused to shoot . "	Rice : U.S. is "  outraged " after veto of Syrian resolution The U.S. State Department says "  violence has to stop " The Free Syria Army wants international help Activists and the government report deaths Tuesday
CNN  -- Brazil 's Catholic Church is the latest to publicly oppose a controversial revamping of the country 's "  Forest Code , " which activists say would cause an environmental disaster . The bill , which was approved by the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies and is now before the Senate , would rewrite some of the rules regarding protected areas , grant amnesty to illegal deforestation that occurred before July 2008 , and give states greater control over preservation management . Supporters say that the bill will help landowners , especially small ones -- a large number of whom currently violate existing conservation laws . By changing the way that land set aside for preservation is calculated , it would help many get back within the law . But opponents say easing deforestation laws will give a greenlight to developers and loggers to fell more of the Amazon Rainforest . On Friday , Brazil 's Catholic Church announced that it would count on its 12,000 parishes to circulate a petition against the reforms , the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency reported . "  Our main concern is the impact and consequences of a law of this size on people 's lives and the environment , " the church said in a statement . "  We urge our communities to participate in the process of reform of the Forest Code , mobilizing social forces and promoting a petition against the devastation , " the statement said . Last year , the church was able to collect more than 1 million signatures on a petition regarding another piece of legislation , Agencia Brasil reported . Once again , the church said it 's goal with the Forest Code petition is to foment public discussion on the proposed bill .	The Senate is considering changes to the country 's Forest Code The church will start a petition among its 12,000 parishes Environmentalists fear that the changes will lead to rainforest devastation
CNN  -- A former Colombian model wanted on drug trafficking charges was captured Wednesday in Argentina , a spokesman for the Argentina Airport Security Police said . Angela Sanclemente , 30 , was picked up the K-Lodges Hostel in Buenos Aires ' Palermo neighborhood , police spokesman Maximiliano Lencina told reporters Wednesday afternoon . Lencina said Sanclemente was registered at the hostel -- popular with foreign university students -- under the name "  Annie " and had told people at the hostel she was from Mexico . She had dyed her brown hair to blonde and was alone in the hostel when detained . Lencina said Sanclemente has been in touch with her lawyer and will be questioned on Thursday by an Argentine federal judge . She will be transported Wednesday afternoon from the hostel to Airport Security Police offices at the Ezeiza International Airport , he said . Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March . Investigators at the time said they believed she might be in Argentina , where authorities suspected she may be the "  queen-pin " of an international operation that uses models as drug mules to move suitcases loaded with cocaine out of the Buenos Aires airport . "  We believe she played an important role in the drug trafficking organization , " said Lencina . Argentine authorities had already detained several alleged members of the trafficking gang , and sources told CNN that some of those arrested named Sanclemente and her Argentine male model boyfriend -- now in custody -- as ringleaders . In Facebook messages posted earlier this year , Sanclemente maintained her innocence . "  I 'm very sad and hurt by the bad information . I do n't know how the press can destroy an innocent person , " she wrote . "  I do n't want to go to jail . I do n't deserve it . I am innocent . " Sanclemente 's mother , Yaneth Valencia , arrived at the hostel , where she was denied permisssion to see her daughter . She told reporters outside the hostel that "  there is a plot against her . " "  They are using my daughter , " she said , without specifiying who she meant . "  My daughter is innocent . " She told the reporters that she would be "  happy to give you an interview in a studio , " but would charge them , "  because I need the money to help my daughter . " Sanclemente first hit the headlines in 2000 when she was 20 . She won Colombia 's prestigious Queen of Coffee beauty pageant . Victory was short-lived . Judges dethroned her after two days when they found she had been married , contrary to competition rules . That marriage -- to a Barranquilla , Colombia , businessman -- lasted three months in 1998 . He paid for her to study journalism at Barranquilla 's university . A university friend , who did not want to be named for fear of reprisals , said Sanclemente dropped out of college after three semesters and spent tuition fees on silicone breast implants instead . That friend said Sanclemente idolized Colombia 's then-top model Natalia Paris . She dyed her hair blond and imitated Paris ' distinctive accent to appear more like her . Paris married a drug trafficker turned DEA informant , known as Julio Correa . He was killed in 2001 by his former associates when he returned to Colombia from Miami , Florida . Drug underworld sources said he was cut up in a meat grinder . Sanclemente left Colombia around 2005 and headed to Mexico , where she continued to pick up modeling assignments and bit-part roles as a TV actress , according to friends . CNN 's Brian Byrnes and Karl Penhaul contributed to this story .	Colombian Angela Sanclemente arrested at Buenos Aires hostel She is suspected head of international operation that uses models as drug mules Interpol issued an international arrest warrant for Sanclemente in March Model 's mother arrives at hostel , tells media "  My daughter is innocent "
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia -- Ahmad al Shayea is the rarest of truck bombers -- he survived his suicide mission in Iraq even though the blast from his bomb was strong enough to kill 12 bystanders . Ahmad al Shayea survived his truck bomb attack , but not without scarring to his face and hands . Al Shayea , who was disfigured during the attack , claims al Qaeda tricked him into becoming a bomber by asking him to deliver a tanker truck , which they had rigged with a bomb . "  They told me to take it to an address in Baghdad . As soon as I got there the truck exploded , " said the native of Saudi Arabia . He survived by jumping out of the truck . Al Shayea renounced terrorism and returned to Saudi Arabia , where he works to convince would-be insurgents and terrorists to give up their deadly ways . "  I think God took me out of death to show others what can happen , " he told CNN . "  If you join al Qaeda , they will use you , and maybe you will die . " Hear why al Shayea turned his back on al Qaeda " Al Qaeda propaganda videos glorify so-called foreign fighters in Iraq like al Shayea . It has recruited them from countries all across the Middle East . Some Iraqi officials say more Saudis than any other nationality have responded to al Qaeda 's call . Saudi officials and the U.S. military deny that claim . But Saudi sources do admit that more than 800 young Saudis have gone to Iraq to fight . That 's far more than the Saudi government has acknowledged until now . Since 9/11 , when 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudis , the oil rich kingdom has been accused of spreading radicalism . It 's a claim that stings this longtime U.S. ally , which also finds itself in al Qaeda 's cross hairs . So now , Saudi officials say they are escalating their fight against homegrown al Qaeda militants . Former insurgents and terrorists like al Shayea are their chief weapon in the battle for the hearts and minds of young Saudis . "  The reality behind it is the religious misunderstanding of Islam , so we have to correct the ideas , " said Dr. Turki Al-Otayan , a psychologist . Al Shayea and hundreds of other Saudis who were aligned with terrorists are being re-educated in prisons and rehabilitation centers . They are taught that al Qaeda 's emphasis on a violent approach to Islam is wrong . The program offers early release from prison . It 's available only to captured jihadis who demonstrate a willingness to change over the course of repeated interviews with specialists . Al Shayea said he was questioned by security forces , then clerics , then psychologists . "  They looked at my mood , listened to me . They were nice , " he adds . Al-Otayan said the review is thorough . "  We make sure he understands dialogue . We make sure he is not just lying . So it is not an easy job I can assure you , " he said . The Saudi government says more than 1,000 former al Qaeda recruits have been through the program . Seven hundred of them are now free . Critics , mainly from the country 's security forces , fear mistakes could allow some al Qaeda fighters back on the street . A native of Saudi Arabia , al Shayea was just 19 when he went to Iraq to fight for al Qaeda against American forces . He was angered , he said , by scenes of U.S. troops killings his fellow Muslims . "  I went to Iraq with Saudi men because jihad is a duty for every Muslim , " he said . "  I went to Iraq to fight the jihad and kill Americans . " He was hoping to take up arms against Americans , but said he never envisioned himself as a suicide bomber . After his truck bomb exploded , al Shayea was captured and paraded on Iraqi TV . Burned and bandaged , he was blamed for the death of 12 bystanders . He confessed . Iraqi security officials deported him to Saudi Arabia . Today , with the backing of the Saudi government , al Shayea gets his anti-al Qaeda message out on fliers that include pictures of him before and after his bombing . He has become the anti-Al Qaeda example . "  I learned my lesson , and others will learn as well , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Ahmad al Shayea , a Saudi , survived his suicide bombing mission in Iraq He says al Qaeda tricked him into delivering the truck bomb Al Shayea now works with the Saudi government to battle al Qaeda propaganda He tries to convince young Saudis not to join the terrorist organization
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate Wednesday passed legislation meant to update the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  . Mobile phones are one of the technologies that did not exist when the original FISA law was written . The vote was 69-28 . Below , CNN 's National Security Producer Pam Benson explains what is in the bill , why the bill is controversial , how the bill may affect Americans ' civil liberties and why privacy advocates object to it . Question : What is the purpose of FISA and why is it being changed ? Benson : FISA governs the way the United States gathers foreign intelligence through the interception of electronic communications . The law was enacted in 1978 , partially in response to the intelligence community and other U.S. agencies spying on Vietnam anti-war protesters and other Americans . The FISA law requires court orders when the target of any eavesdropping is an American citizen or individual living in the U.S. Warrants are not necessary if the target is overseas . Watch Bush call the bill ` long overdue ' " The law is considered outdated . New technologies such as e-mail , the Internet , cell phones and fiber optics have dramatically changed communications . The new technologies have raised legal issues that the original law did not address . For instance , the U.S. intelligence community can target phone calls of an Iraqi citizen overseas , but that person 's call to someone in Pakistan might be routed through a telecommunications switch in the United States . Under the current law , a FISA warrant would be required since the communication is passing through the U.S. -LSB- Some say -RSB- the current law unnecessarily slows down U.S. intelligence officials as they track foreigners . The controversy over President Bush 's warrantless domestic eavesdropping program also prompted calls for change in the FISA law . The so-called Terrorist Surveillance Program was ordered by the president after the 9/11 attacks . It allowed for spying on the communications between U.S. residents and people overseas if it was believed one of the parties was linked to terrorism . Telephone carriers now face lawsuits for assisting the government in eavesdropping on suspected terrorists after 9/11 . The plaintiffs claim their privacy rights were violated when the companies provided communication records to the National Security Agency without a court warrant . Question : What are the key provisions in the FISA bill ? Benson : The bill explicitly establishes FISA as the exclusive means for authorizing electronic surveillance ; requires a court order for the surveillance of any targeted American , whether the person is in the United States or abroad ; -LSB- and -RSB- requires a secret court set up to oversee FISA issues to sign off on provisions for removing the name of any American inadvertently captured in a communication with a foreign target . -LSB- It -RSB- prohibits reverse targeting , which is when intelligence officials eavesdrop on a foreigner 's communications overseas as a means to spy on someone in the United States , and sets up a procedure for federal judges to determine whether a telecommunications company can be sued for providing the intelligence community access to its networks without a court order . Question : Under the proposed FISA bill , can Americans be spied on without a court warrant ? Are their civil liberties protected ? Benson : Under the new revised law , a warrant is required to spy on an American , including , for the first time , Americans who are abroad . If the intelligence community should unintentionally intercept a phone call or an e-mail involving an American , the agency involved must get a warrant if the person is of interest or take steps to erase that person 's name from any report . The court will annually review procedures for protecting communications , but it will not oversee individual cases . Opponents claim this represents minimal court oversight and enables the government to spy on innocent Americans ' phone calls and e-mails . The bill states that domestic electronic surveillance is authorized exclusively by the provisions of FISA . This is an effort to prevent the president from secretly authorizing warrantless eavesdropping , which some lawmakers and civil rights groups claim violates the public 's Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches . However , the bill does not address President George Bush 's claim that he has Article 2 constitutional authority as the commander-in-chief to order such activity during times of war . Question : Will telecommunications firms be prosecuted for helping the intelligence community conduct no-warrant surveillance of Americans ? Benson : Although the Bush administration had wanted the telephone providers who cooperated with the surveillance program to receive outright retroactive immunity , this bill sets up a process for judicial review . A U.S. District Court judge hearing a pending case will determine whether the telecommunications provider received from the government letters which indicated the president had authorized the warrantless surveillance and that the program was considered lawful . If so , the lawsuit will be thrown out . Opponents argue this is a sham and say that the telecommunications are essentially being granted retroactive immunity because Mike McConnell , the director of national intelligence  DNI  , testified at a congressional hearing that all of the telephone carriers did receive government certifications . Some Republican supporters have called this process a "  formality " and even Democratic proponents indicate it is likely that most , if not all , of the cases against the telephone companies will be dismissed . Question : Will there be periodic reviews of the law ? Benson : The new law expires in 2012 , enabling the next administration to review the program . In the meantime , the attorney general , the DNI and the inspectors general of the major intelligence agencies must provide periodic reviews of the surveillance program . The bill also requires the inspectors general of the agencies involved in the president 's warrantless surveillance program to conduct a comprehensive review and issue an unclassified report to Congress within one year .	NEW : Senate votes 69-28 to update of to intelligence law Wednesday NEW : Sen. Obama votes for bill ; Sen. McCain not in Senate for vote Technological changes require update of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Opponents object to the bill 's de facto immunity for telecom companies
CNN  -- The suspect in the failed Christmas Day bombing of a U.S. airliner faces a six-count federal indictment issued Wednesday , including an attempt to murder the other 289 people aboard . The seven-page indictment charges Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction ; attempted murder within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; willful attempt to destroy and wreck an aircraft within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; willfully placing a destructive device in , upon and in proximity to an aircraft within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States ; and two counts of possession of a firearm/destructive in furtherance of a crime of violence . Read the indictment If convicted , the 23-year-old Nigerian national faces a sentence of life in prison . The indictment said AbdulMutallab boarded Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in Amsterdam , Netherlands , on December 25 , carrying a concealed bomb concealed in his clothing and designed to be detonated "  at a time of his choosing . " Authorities say the bomb components included Pentaerythritol  also known as PETN , a high explosive  , as well as Triacetone Triperoxide  also known as TATP , a high explosive  and other ingredients . The indictment said that , just before the jet landed at Detroit Metropolitan Airport in Michigan , "  AbdulMutallab detonated the bomb , causing a fire on board flight 253 . " The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at the man 's seat . He was subdued and restrained by the passengers and flight crew . The airplane landed shortly thereafter , and he was taken into custody by U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers . AbdulMutallab required medical treatment and was transported to the University of Michigan Medical Center after the plane landed . Explosives expert Sydney Alford said AbdulMutallab probably used a liquid contained in a syringe to mix with a chemical he was carrying to create a fire , which was intended to ignite the TATP . That , in turn , was to detonate the PETN . But the TATP did not ignite as planned , he speculated . TATP has been cited in several terrorism cases . Najibullah Zazi , the 24-year-old Afghan citizen and U.S. resident who was arrested in September and accused of planning to carry out terrorist acts in the United States , was allegedly trying to make TATP in his motel room in Denver , Colorado . A new indictment against Richard Reid specifies that the convicted shoe bomber also used TATP . Judge Nancy Edmunds is assigned to the AbdulMutallab case and will preside over court proceedings , said Gina Balaya , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney , Eastern District , Michigan . The case was presented Wednesday to the grand jury , which determined probable cause to indict . Though arraignments are typically held by a magistrate judge , Edmunds may decide , based on the special circumstances and high-profile security related to the AbdulMutallab case , to handle the matter herself , Balaya said . Edmunds is expected to decide Friday on details for the arraignment and AbdulMutallab 's detention , Balaya said . Attorney General Eric Holder said the investigation "  has already yielded valuable intelligence that we will follow wherever it leads . " "  The attempted murder of 289 innocent people merits the most serious charges available , and that 's what we have charged in this indictment , " said U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan , who is in her first week on the job .	Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab charged with attempted use of weapon of mass destruction AbdulMutallab also accused of attempted murder of other 289 people aboard U.S.-bound flight He faces life in prison if convicted
CNN  -- Nearly 800 classified U.S. military documents obtained by WikiLeaks reveal extraordinary details about the alleged terrorist activities of al Qaeda operatives captured and housed at the U.S. Navy 's detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The secret documents have been made available to several news organizations , including the New York Times and the Washington Post -- and some have been published by WikiLeaks , an organization that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information . CNN was not among the news organizations granted early access to the latest files . The documents shed light on the way detainees behaved while at Guantanamo and on how they were assessed in terms of their danger to the United States . They are intelligence assessments of nearly every one of the 779 individuals who have been held at Guantanamo since 2002 , according to the Post . The American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement that the documents underscore a need for an independent judicial review of the cases of those being held at Guantanamo . "  These documents are remarkable because they show just how questionable the government 's basis has been for detaining hundreds of people , in some cases indefinitely , at Guantanamo , " said Hina Shamsi , director of the ACLU 's National Security Project , in the statement . "  The one-sided assessments are rife with uncorroborated evidence , information obtained through torture , speculation , errors and allegations that have been proven false . "  These documents are the fruit of the original sin by which the rule of law was scrapped when Guantanamo detainees were first rounded up , " Shamsi said . "  if the government had followed the law , it would have established a meaningful and prompt process to separate the innocent from those who are legally detainable . " The classified files described some of the detainees as being compliant while others threatened violence against guards . One stated he would fly planes into houses . They also paint in great detail a portrait of al Qaeda as it grew stronger in Afghanistan in the 1990s , prepared for the September 11 attacks and scattered in their aftermath . Among the files already published by WikiLeaks and examined by CNN is that of Ahmed Khalfan Gailani , recently convicted by a New York court of taking part in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania in 1998 . The file , from 2006 when Gailani was transferred to Guantanamo , includes details of his time as a bodyguard and cook to Osama bin Laden shortly before the 9/11 attacks . Gailani is cited as telling interrogators that the al Qaeda leader had a "  normal diet " and usually ate with about 15 bodyguards . The document says Gailani later became one of al Qaeda 's few forgers of travel documents . He also opted for training in using explosives to avoid front-line combat . A document from July 2008 profiles another bodyguard for bin Laden , Sanad Yislam al Kazimi , who stated that he "  would have been willing to die for UBL "  the shorthand used for the al Qaeda leader  . It says al Kazimi may have had knowledge of al Qaeda 's nuclear and chemical programs . Al Kazimi escaped from Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 and returned to Yemen , where he continued to train for terrorist attacks , according to the document . He was arrested in 2002 after being lured to Dubai while planning an attack on Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates . It adds that while at Guantanamo , al Kazimi made "  numerous threats against U.S. personnel including the President . " Al Kazimi reportedly said "  he would like to tell his friends in Iraq to find the interrogator , slice him up , and make a shwarma  a type of sandwich  out of him , with the interrogator 's head sticking out of the end of the shwarma . " Another Yemeni , Abdu Ali Sharqawi , is described as a "  senior al Qaeda facilitator " with links to the 9/11 plotters . He was allegedly responsible for arranging the travel of Yemeni jihadists to Afghanistan in the 1990s , and when he also moved to Afghanistan , he became a confidant of bin Laden 's . The 11-page document about his activities says that "  on occasion detainee hiked mountain trails with UBL , who hiked them on a daily basis . " Sharqawi told his interrogators that bin Laden had been in good health , even though he had one kidney . The document suggests that al Qaeda had plenty of money in the aftermath of September 11 , asserting that "  detainee received and passed on over $ 500,000 " while helping jihadists to escape Afghanistan . According to the Washington Post , the documents provide detailed insight into Osama bin Laden 's thinking and movements immediately after 9/11 . "  Among other previously unknown meetings , the documents describe a major gathering of some of al Qaeda 's most senior operatives in early December 2001 in Zormat , a mountainous region of Afghanistan between Kabul and Khost , " the newspaper reports . "  There , the operatives began to plan new attacks , a process that would consume them , according to the assessments , until they were finally captured . " The documents show that detainees ' accounts were extensively cross-checked against each other , with at least four detainees confirming that al Kazimi was a bodyguard to bin Laden . Among the more remarkable statements is one from a detainee who claimed that bin Laden had written to Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , before the September 11 attacks , requesting the release of al Kazimi  who 'd been detained in 1995  and another man from jail . A short time later , they were freed and went to Afghanistan . The documents include substantial detail about the travel of the detainees . In one instance , a Spanish jihadist by the name of Ahmad Abd Al Rahman Ahmad , after spending time in Britain and France , is instructed to travel to Afghanistan via Iran . The document notes : "  Travel through Iran is a known modus operandi for al Qaeda operatives to get into Afghanistan via a chain of safe-houses and operatives . " According to the New York Times , the documents show that most of the 172 prisoners still held at Guantanamo have been rated as a "  high risk " of posing a threat to the United States and its allies if released without adequate rehabilitation . But they also show that many others who have been released or transferred to other countries were also designated "  high risk , " the newspaper says . Detainees are assessed "  high , " "  medium " or "  low " in terms of their intelligence value , the threat they pose while in detention and the continued threat they might pose to the United States if released . The newspaper says the documents include details about detainees ' illnesses and behavior at Guantanamo , including "  punching guards , tearing apart shower shoes , shouting across cell blocks . " But the documents appear to shed little light on interrogation tactics at Guantanamo , which have drawn widespread criticism . The New York Times says the documents lay bare "  the patchwork and contradictory evidence that in many cases would never have stood up in criminal court or a military tribunal . " The British newspaper , the Daily Telegraph , also reports that the documents suggest that much of the evidence used to detain jihadist suspects was flimsy . It says that "  people wearing a certain model of Casio watch from the 1980s were seized by American forces in Afghanistan on suspicion of being terrorists , because the watches were used as timers by al Qaeda . " Most were subsequently release for lack of evidence . Others , according to the New York Times , were not so fortunate despite a lack of evidence . One man detained in May 2003 insisted that he was a shepherd and , according to his debriefers at Guantanamo Bay , knew nothing of "  simple military and political concepts . " Yet a military tribunal declared him an "  enemy combatant " anyway , and he was not sent home until 2006 , the Times reports . "  It 's not too late to change course and we need more legal process , not less , to make sure we 're holding the right people , " Shamsi said . "  The cases of the remaining Guantanamo detainees cry out for independent judicial review . " The U.S. Defense Department condemned the release of the documents , known as DABs . Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell and Ambassador Daniel Fried , the Obama administration 's special envoy on detainee issues , said in a statement : "  The Guantanamo Review Task Force , established in January 2009 , considered the DABs during its review of detainee information . In some cases , the Task Force came to the same conclusions as the DABs . In other instances the Review Task Force came to different conclusions , based on updated or other available information . " WikiLeaks gained international prominence after leaking thousands of papers about the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . Earlier this year it released a huge cache of secret American diplomatic papers .	NEW : The ACLU says the documents point to a need for judicial review of the cases The documents paint a portrait of how al Qaeda prepared for the 9/11 attacks They also provide insights into bin Laden 's thinking after the attacks The detainees accounts were cross-checked against each other , the papers say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Classic pop rock band Chicago and Grammy-Award-winning songwriter Bill Champlin have parted ways after nearly three decades together . Bill Champlin is leaving Chicago . "  This music is callin ' me , " he says of his new solo venture . "  Bill Champlin is no longer in Chicago . He was a long-time band member and we wish him all the best as he embarks on his new solo project , for which he 's worked long and hard. , " a statement from Chicago 's management said Monday "  After 28 years with Chicago , singer-songwriter-keyboardist Bill Champlin is parting ways with the classic jazz/rock band to focus once again on his solo career , " Champlin 's publicist Judi Kerr said of the split . "  This music is callin ' me , " said Champlin , whose new solo album "  No Place Left to Fall " was released last week on the DreamMakers label . "  I 'm really looking forward to playing more intimate venues and hearing what fans think of the new music . I ca n't wait to spend some one-on-one time with my old and new fans ! " Champlin has scheduled a string of concerts along the West Coast in November to promote the new album . Champlin joined Chicago in 1981 at a pivotal point in the band 's history . After a string of 12 platinum and multiplatinum albums , Chicago was struggling for direction in the years after the death of original guitarist Terry Kath in 1978 . The appearance of the new vocalist/keyboardist/guitarist on "  Chicago 16 , " along with the production skills of David Foster , marked a new era of chart success for the band . Champlin was most prominently featured on "  Chicago 19 , " where he sang lead on three of the album 's four hit singles , including the chart-topping "  Look Away , " which ranked No. 1 on Billboard 's 1989 year-end Hot 100 . Before joining Chicago , Champlin picked up a pair of Grammy Awards for tunes he penned for other artists : "  After the Love is Gone " for Earth , Wind & Fire and "  Turn Your Love Around " for George Benson . Champlin also occasionally performs with the Sons of Champlin , a horn-heavy band he helped found during the late-1960s San Francisco , California , psychedelic scene . Chicago is on a co-headlining tour with Earth , Wind & Fire this summer , with the next show scheduled for August 21 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . Lou Pardini , a Grammy-nominated keyboardist who has played with Stevie Wonder and Santana , will replace Champlin , according to Chicago 's management . Chicago formed in 1967 , committed to the concept of a rock 'n' roll band with horns . First called The Big Thing , the group was known as Chicago Transit Authority on its debut album before taking its present name . In more than four decades , Chicago has sold more than 122 million recordings . It had five consecutive No. 1 albums and has had more than 50 Top-40 singles .	Singer-songwriter-keyboardist Champlin joined Chicago in 1981 He 'll tour in autumn to promote new solo album "  No Place Left to Fall " Grammy-nominated keyboardist Lou Pardini will replace Champlin Group formed in 1967 and was named The Big Thing , then Chicago Transit Authority
CNN  -- As protests continue over the disputed presidential elections in Iran , we asked two analysts to explain the background to the controversy . Supporters of President Ahmadinejad wave flags at a massive rally in Tehran Sunday to celebrate his victory . Q  What degree of election monitoring is there in Iran ? A  The problem with this election , according to London-based Mideast analyst Amir Taheri , is that there is no independent monitoring at all in Iran with the interior ministry arguing that the Council of the Guardians of the Constitution , a "  star chamber " of 12 mullahs , would have that role . "  Candidates are not allowed to be present at polling stations during voting or counting . Many voters are illiterate and officials help them fill in their ballot papers , so the possibilities for rigging are immense . And there are no booths in the polling stations so voting is done in public , not in private -- a major obstacle for transparency , " Taheri said . So the problem for opposition candidates in this election , said Taheri , the author of "  The Persian Night , " is that there are no concrete examples of fraud because there was no monitoring . "  You could say all of Iran 's 10 presidential elections have been fraudulent or that all were fair -- we just do n't know . All have been held in the same way . The whole electoral process from the vetting of candidates to voting and ballot counting is conducted by the state . " Q  So is it possible that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad did win the election ? A  The president does indeed have great public support in Iran , Taheri said , adding that "  I 'm sure he did win the election but it 's impossible he won 63 percent of the vote . The results probably exaggerated the scale of his support . " According to official results , Ahmadinejad won in all regions and among all classes and ages -- again , something that Taheri said was unlikely , "  but I ca n't prove it . " Had he not exaggerated the scale of his victory , Taheri said , unlike in previous presidential elections , it is possible there would n't be the outcry there is now . "  Many Iranians feel insulted by the results because they feel their vote did n't count . Everybody knows , for instance that Ahmadinejad is unpopular in cities but he still won the vote there . That is why people are so angry . " Another Iran expert Karim Sadjadpour agreed , saying he believed this was "  a stolen election . " Watch Sadjadpour explain why election was "  stolen " " "  There are a lot of signs there were major improprieties . First of all there were 40 million votes cast and just two hours after the polls had closed they announced Ahmadinejad 's victory : and these votes are hand counted in Iran ... Sadjadpour , an associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , added : "  Another example I give is that  opposition leader Mir Hossein  Moussavi , who is an ethnic Azeri Turk , lost the province of Iranian Azerbaijan . This is the equivalent of Barack Obama losing the African American vote to John McCain in 2008 . " Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the record voter turnout in Friday 's election showed Iranians value "  resistance against oppressors , " the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . "  Pointing to enemies ' massive propaganda campaign to discourage people from taking part in the elections , Ayatollah Khamenei also said there was really a divine miracle behind this elections , given its results that was 10 million higher than any of the previous ones in the 30-year history of elections in Iran , " IRNA reported . Q  Will the anger and protests on the streets subside or grow into something much greater ? A  Much depends on what the opposition candidates do in coming days , according to Sadjadpour . "  We 've never in the 30-year history of the Islamic republic seen the revolutionary elite so divided , " he said . Former centrist president Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a founding father of the Islamic republic , and Moussavi are now both opposition candidates . "  They feel the election was stolen from them and that the majority of public support is on their side . They 're planning more public protests so this tumult may not subside any time soon . " Gallery : Emotions run high after election " Q  How will the regime deal with these protests ? A  Iran 's leaders "  have repression down to a science , " said Sadjadpour . "  Before the election they ease political and social restrictions because they want to project a democratic face to the world . But at times like these when rallies are getting out of hand they use overwhelming force to nip them in the bud . So I anticipate more use of force to ensure they do n't get out of hand . " Watch report on latest violence in Iran " Q  What will the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei do ? A  This is the big question and there were reports on Monday he would agree to an investigation into allegations of vote rigging . Speaking earlier , Sadjadpour said he felt the supreme leader would not intervene unless he felt his sustainability as leader was at stake . "  The reason why is that I believe he was behind this power grab . Ahmadinejad was his candidate so he 's not exactly an objective actor . Opposition candidates are trying to appeal to Khamenei before they take to the streets but I 'm not sure how he walks back from this . " Q  What does four more years of Ahmadinejad mean for Iran and the rest of the world ? A  The big problem the United States and Europe is to stop Iran from going nuclear and Ahmadinejad 's reelection means Iran 's aggressive policy towards the West is not going to change . "  I feel the results are quite disastrous , " said Sadjadpour . "  In terms of the U.S.-Iran relationship , Ahmadinejad 's mere presence could well serve as an insurmountable obstacle to confidence building . He presses the worst buttons in the context of domestic U.S. politics with his denial of the Holocaust and belligerence towards Israel . Domestically in Iran he has profoundly mismanaged the economy with one of the highest inflation rates in the world and high unemployment . " However according to TIME magazine , behind closed doors the White House may be relieved by the result . Despite the attention paid to the office of the Iranian presidency , nuclear policy is set by the country 's religious leaders and appear determined to amass enriched uranium whether or not a hard-liner or a moderate is president , the magazine said Monday . "  Ahmadinejad 's win may increase Washington 's chances of getting tougher sanctions on Iran if they refuse to negotiate , " TIME reported senior Administration officials as saying .	Analysts explain background to allegations of ballot fraud in Iran 's elections Difficult to prove fraud in absence of any independent monitoring of voting President Ahmadinejad has exaggerated scale of support , analysts say Protests set to continue but regime often cracks down on dissenters , they say
CNN  -- The pilot and co-pilot aboard a FedEx cargo plane were killed when the plane burst into flames Monday while landing at Tokyo 's Narita airport in Japan , airport and hospital officials said . Smoke rises from a FedEx cargo plane that crash landed on the tarmac of the Narita International Airport , Tokyo . Both crew members were American men , an official at Narita Red Cross Hospital told CNN . Video from the landing showed the plane bouncing at least twice on the runway and veering left as it turned on its side before bursting into flames . The fire destroyed the aircraft , which was identified by FedEx as a McDonnell Douglas MD-11 . Japan 's Ministry of Transport said it was the first fatal crash at Narita , which opened in 1978 . Strong winds may have played a role in the crash , said Masaru Fujisaki , an airport official . FedEx Express Flight 80 took off from Guangzhou , China , and crashed at Narita about 7 a.m. Monday  6 p.m. Sunday ET  , said FedEx spokesman Matt Ceniceros . Watch more about the cargo plane accident " According to observations at the airport , wind gusts were reported to be between 30 to 50 mph around the time if the crash . Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported that Narita firefighters had worked through the flaming wreckage to try to rescue two people believed to be the crew . The news agency said the cargo plane was landing on Runway A , the longer of the two runways at Narita , a major international airport . The National Transportation Safety Board in Washington said Sunday night it was sending a team to Japan to assist in the investigation of the crash . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo contributed to this report .	FedEx cargo plane crashes and bursts into flames at Tokyo 's Narita airport in Japan Pilot and co-pilot , both Americans , aboard plane from Guangzhou , China , are killed Strong winds may have played a role in the crash , says airport official Video shows plane bouncing on the runway and veering left as it turns on its side
CNN  With tensions running high after the shooting of two officers in Ferguson , Missouri , state and county police took over protest security in the St. Louis suburb Thursday . St. Louis County Police and the Missouri State Highway Patrol are assuming "  command of the security detail regarding protests , " St. Louis County Police said , while Ferguson Police will remain responsible for "  routine policing services " in the city . The takeover came less than a day after two police officers standing guard outside Ferguson police headquarters were shot in what St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar called an "  ambush , " spurring a manhunt for those responsible for targeting the line of officers . "  We could have buried two police officers , " Belmar told reporters . " ... I feel very confident that whoever did this ... came there for whatever nefarious reason that it was . " Belmar said several people "  have been very forthright " with investigators , but authorities have n't released the names of any possible suspects . Investigators believe they have identified two people they want to question in the shooting , and one of them might be the shooter , a law enforcement official said . Police are also trying to find anyone who may have helped the shooter get away . This is n't the first time that county police and state troopers have stepped in to handle protest security . When clashes between police and protesters boiled over last year , Missouri 's governor declared a state of emergency and tapped the State Highway Patrol to take over . After that emergency declaration expired in December , Ferguson Police resumed command of protest security . Officers from other agencies have continued to provide backup at larger protests . At a candlelight vigil Thursday night near the scene of the shooting , religious leaders led prayers for the wounded police officers and protesters . Dozens of demonstrators gathered again outside the police headquarters Thursday night . This time , Jeff Roorda of the St. Louis Police Officers Association said , the security situation on the streets is different . "  It 's a very tense situation , as you can well imagine , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  In my communications as a union official with police commanders , I 've been assured that tactics will be different tonight . I assume that means not only more officers , but a wider perimeter , with coverage , perhaps , of these blind spots from which the shots were fired last night . " Shots rang from a hill overlooking the station out shortly after midnight Wednesday , at the end of a protest against the Ferguson Police Department . Officers saw "  muzzle flashes ... about 125 yards away , " Belmar said . Protesters have disavowed any ties to the shooting , saying the demonstrators believe in nonviolence . "  As the protest was dying down , someone , somewhere got violent . Now who they were and what group they were affiliated with , we do n't know , " said Antonio French , a St. Louis alderman . "  In no way are they representative of the thousands of people ... who have been protesting . " Belmar believes someone targeted the police , who have faced heated criticism for months , for a reason . "  These police officers were standing there , and they were shot just because they were police officers , " he said . That department has been under fire since one of its officers , Darren Wilson , shot and killed black teen Michael Brown in August , and more recently since a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report came out documenting a pattern of racial discrimination . Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned from his post Wednesday . While the demonstrators ' focus was Ferguson , neither of the wounded officers works in that St. Louis suburb 's Police Department . One is from Webster Groves , a city about 13 miles south of Ferguson . The officer -- a 32-year-old with seven years ' experience -- was shot at the high point of his cheek , just under his right eye , Belmar said . The other wounded officer was hit in the shoulder and the bullet came out the middle of his back , Belmar said . He is a 41-year-old from St. Louis County Police who has been in law enforcement for the past 14 years . Both men were treated and released from St. Louis ' Barnes Jewish Hospital . Brown 's parents condemned the shooting as "  senseless , " saying such violence against law enforcement "  will not be tolerated . " So did the White House , with a tweet signed with President Barack Obama 's initials offering prayers for the wounded officers and calling "  violence against police ... unacceptable . " And U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , who visited Ferguson in the aftermath of Brown 's shooting and unrest that spurred , decried what happened as a "  heinous and cowardly  and  repugnant attack . " "  What happened last night was a pure ambush , " Holder said . "  This was not someone trying to bring healing to Ferguson . This was a damn punk who was trying to sow discord . " Iresha Turner says police banged on her door in the middle of the night . "  I opened the door and stood back . I look at my chest , there 's a red dot on it , " she said . "  I have my hands up , start crying . I said , ` please , do n't shoot me . " Turner was one of three people who were questioned for hours by investigators Thursday and eventually released . But they never saw the shooting and had no idea who opened fire , she said . Turner thinks police questioned her because she was in a car of people who sped away after the shooting -- not because they had anything to do with it , she said , but because they were scared after hearing gunshots . It 's not known what connection , if any , the shooter or shooters had to Wednesday night 's protest . One irony is that , for some protesters , Wednesday was a day to celebrate : They 'd called for Jackson 's resignation for months , and finally it was happening . But for others , it was not enough . That 's why they congregated in Ferguson , to demand changes like disbanding the city 's entire Police Department and ousting Mayor James Knowles . Some chanted , "  Racist cops have got to go . " Others held signs with slogans such as "  They do n't really care about us ! " and "  Black lives matter . " "  It was a great group  with  great , great energy , " protester Markus Loehrer said . Three were arrested in a crowd Belmar characterized as agitated and "  pretty rowdy " at times . Demonstrator DeRay McKesson told CNN that one fight that occurred had nothing to do with the protests . At its peak , some 150 protesters congregated Wednesday night in front of the Ferguson police station , Belmar said . About 70 law enforcement officers from multiple departments came in to stand in front of the station , as they have on many other nights -- with the turnout of demonstrators the highest since the November grand jury decision not to indict Wilson . There 's the manhunt , of course . And then there 's the likelihood of more protests and the possibility of more violence as well . Even though Jackson , City Manager John Shaw , Ferguson 's top court clerk and two police officers are gone or on their way out , some activists are vowing to keep pressing for change . "  We are n't satisfied with this , " Reed said of the police chief 's exit . "  It 's a step in the right direction , but it 's not what total justice looks like in Ferguson . " Jackson expressed optimism that , in his view , the Justice Department report concluded that Ferguson "  can do the tough work to see this through and emerge the best small town it can be . " But what are the prospects after Thursday 's shooting ? Loehrer worried that the shooting will undercut the protesters ' message against discrimination and violence . "  It 's a shame that somebody had to take advantage of this great group , " he said , "  to do something so despicable . " And Belmar said it underscores the fact that , eight months after Brown 's death , the streets of Ferguson are still simmering and law enforcement officers there are on edge . "  This is beginning at times to be very difficult for any law enforcement agencies , anywhere , to really wrap their arms around , " he said . "  I want everybody ... to understand how difficult this is . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Joe Sutton , Sara Sidner , Jason Carroll , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , Don Lemon and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Protests resume outside Ferguson 's police headquarters Investigators identify two they want to question ; one might be the shooter State troopers and county police will take over protest security
CNN  -- Patience and persistence paid off for jockey Ryan Mania on Saturday as he helped Sue Smith to become only the third woman trainer to win Britain 's most famous -- and most controversial -- steeplechase , the Grand National . The Scottish jockey , having his first ride in the race , briefly quit horse racing during a frustrating 2011 season . But in a fairytale turnaround , the 23-year-old , who only returned to the saddle this winter , rode 66-1 outsider Auroras Encore to victory in the four-and-a-half-mile marathon . After an almost flawless run , the 11-year-old stormed home ahead of Cappa Bleu and Teaforthree in front of a 70,000 crowd in Liverpool , watched by an estimated 600 million television audience . "  I could n't have asked for a better ride and the old horse was loving it as well , " said Mania , after winning by nine lengths on a horse who had failed to finish three of his last seven starts and was well off the pace in the other four . Mania started working with 65-year-old Smith and her husband Harvey after a six-month hiatus when his former boss lost his training license . "  I could n't have come back without them , " he said . "  The opportunities for jockeys up north are very limited and I am lucky to have such a good yard behind me . " There was further welcome news for racing fans as it was confirmed that all 40 of the horses and riders to start the race returned home unscathed -- although only 17 of those completed the course . The annual Aintree event had been under intense scrutiny from animals rights groups after recent editions of the race had been marred by a high number of equine fatalities -- 11 since 2002 . That prompted race organizers to introduce a number of new safety measures this year , spending more than Â # 1 million  $ 1.5 million  on alterations , including modifying the structure of the jumps themselves to make them safer and more forgiving and watering the ground the ensure going no faster than good-to-soft . However , there were two deaths in races in the first two days of this week 's meeting , prompting criticism from animal welfare groups . "  We are delighted there have been no fatalities in today 's big race , " Dr. Mark Kennedy from the World Society for the Protection of Animals told CNN on Saturday . "  The  earlier  deaths of the horses Battlefront and Little Josh reflects current risk of fatalities in steeplechasing which needs to be addressed as a matter of urgency . "  Horse deaths or fatalities at the Grand National are not freak accidents , but statistical probabilities . The risks prove to be high each year . We are not calling for a ban of the Grand National or a ban of horse racing , but merely to make the race safer for the horse and indeed the jockey . " In a nonetheless eventful race , on which in excess of Â # 100 million  $ 150 million  was wagered by punters , Seabass , the 11-2 favorite and last year 's third-placer , ran well for Katie Walsh until running out of steam with a handful of fences to jump , eventually fading to 13th . She was seeking to become the first woman rider to win the race , but caused controversy in the buildup when she claimed it would have been "  a lot worse if two jockeys had lost their lives " in reference to the two fatalities at last year 's Grand National . Her brother Ruby , riding the second favorite On His Own , was a casualty at Valentine 's Brook , the 25th fence of 30 . But fortune did smile on swashbuckling amateur jockey Sam Waley-Cohen , who finished a creditable fourth on Oscar Time , the runner-up in 2011 .	Auroras Encore defies the odds to win Saturday 's Grand National at Aintree Ryan Mania rides the 66-1 outsider to victory in jockey 's debut appearance Only 17 of 40 entrants complete race , but no repeat of last year 's two horse deaths However , two horses died following races earlier in the three-day meeting
InStyle.com  -- She may have charmed audiences in "  Catch Me If You Can " and "  Junebug , " but Amy Adams 's sweet demeanor belies a criminal history . "  I used to steal my older sister 's pink-and-green Maybelline mascara , " says Adams , 33 . "  I see myself as optimistic , and I think that can be confused with being innocent and naïve . " Although the Colorado native , who appears this month in the movie "  Enchanted " and in the upcoming "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " has "  outgrown petty theft , " she says , she has n't outgrown her love of mascara -- or any other beauty products . Spend time with the actress and she 'll offer you a dab of her favorite lip balm  Benetint  and a sample of her tooth-whitening system  Go Smile  . When it comes to makeup , she 's more a giver than a taker these days . "  If I outgrow something , I like to share it . It 's good to be my friend when I clean out my makeup bag ! " How skilled are you at doing your own makeup ? It 's a learning process . I can do a decent job , but I like to leave it to the professionals when it counts . When I first moved to L.A. I got a callback , and a producer said he 'd like to see me with more makeup . But he told my agent that she might have to put it on "  because I did n't seem like the kind of girl who would know how . " And he was right ! I had to go into the bathroom at my agency and have my agent do my makeup . Have you come a long way since then ? I still keep it pretty simple , although I like getting dolled up to hang out with friends . Sometimes , if you need a pick-me-up , there 's nothing better than a new lip gloss . At any given moment , I can have upwards of 10 glosses in my purse . And I am addicted to perfumes . I love Jo Malone 's scents -- the Nectarine Blossom & Honey , the French Lime Blossom , and the Orange Blossom . I do n't have a signature scent ; I switch depending on my mood . Is there another product you are more faithful to ? If I 'm outdoors , I 'm constantly reapplying sunscreen . My sister used to call me Fish-Belly Blue because I was so pale . I went to Italy this summer and decided I 'd be a rebel and sit out in the sun wearing a sunscreen with a low SPF . The next day I woke up with a rash all over my body . My skin rejects the sun . I had a grown man at a water park once yell at me to get a tan . A water-park heckler ? Me in a swimsuit -- that 's a lot of pale skin ! How do you take care of it ? I get regular facials . I had some skin problems when I was starting to film "  Catch Me If You Can . " I had really dry skin . I went to Marion Simms at Skin Sense in L.A. , and she got it under control . I 've been going there since then for the standard facial . What do you do for your hair ? Bumble and Bumble True Reds shampoo keeps the richness in it . I really like red , but I 'm always open to change . I would love to cut my hair and try platinum -- Christina Aguilera blond . Harlow blond . Have you gone blond before ? I 've had red hair for the past four years . Before that , I never thought of being anything but blond . There was a definite shift in my life when I decided to go red . I tend to laugh a lot , and I can be really silly . I think when you have blond hair , people associate those behaviors with being flighty . With red hair , you 're suddenly quirky . What is your quirkiest beauty tool ? I love the classic Conair hot rollers . I put my makeup on , take them out , spray , then just shake my head and I 'm ready . I think hot rollers are making a comeback ! Anything on your wish list ? I always wanted to be taller . -LSB- Adams is 5 feet , 5 inches . -RSB- I was a dancer , so I always admired that willowy effect . I still look at it with a sense of longing , but I fully accept I ca n't change it . I just walk tall . And wear wedges . Get her look Makeup To create Adams 's smoky eyes , makeup artist Molly R. Stern pressed Shu Uemura in AI  $ 20 ; shuuemura-usa . com  on the eyelids . She neutralized the blue by blending it with taupe shadow , then used pearly green liner on the inside rims of the bottom lids . She applied beige lip pencil and finished with a slick of Cover Girl Wetslicks Fruit Spritzers in Guava Splash  $ 6 ; drugstore.com  . Hair To build Breck Girl bouncy waves , hairstylist Andy LeCompte set Adams 's hair in pin curls for 20 minutes after winding 2-inch sections around a curling iron . When he removed the pins , he added mousse and brushed through the waves with a mixed-bristle paddle brush . He then lightly teased the crown , spraying in Klorane Extra Gentle dry shampoo  $ 16 ; folica.com  for texture . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Amy Adams leaves makeup to professional "  when it counts " Would love to try hair that was Christina Aguilera blond or Harlow blond Has skin that "  rejects the sun " She 's always wanted to be taller
CNN  -- In an emergency , do you know how to best use your cell phone to stay safe , informed and in touch ? Recognizing that Americans have been getting mixed messages from many sources , this week the Federal Communication Commission and the Federal Emergency Management Administration teamed up to publish a new list of tips for communicating before , during and after a disaster . These tips complement the advice already offered in the Get Tech Ready section of the government 's emergency preparedness site , Ready.gov . In an interview Thursday , FCC Chair Julius Genachowski said that in the wake of Hurricane Irene , FEMA and the FCC realized that many Americans still do n't understand some important basics about how communication technology functions in emergency situations . For instance , many people do n't grasp the consequences of cordless phones . If the power goes out , you ca n't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls unless it has a battery backup . Consequently the FCC/FEMA tip sheet recommends : "  If you have a traditional landline  non-broadband or VOIP  phone , keep at least one non-cordless phone in your home . " Said Genachowski , "  I have a 19-year-old son , and he was my guinea pig on this . I asked him if he could use a cordless phone when the power is out , and he did n't know . " Recognizing that many of today 's cell phones can do much more than make calls , the tip sheet also recommends using non-voice channels to conserve capacity on wireless networks during emergencies . According to the tip sheet , "  For non-emergency communications , use text messaging , e-mail , or social media instead of making voice calls on your cell phone to avoid tying up voice networks . Data-based services like texts and e-mails are less likely to experience network congestion . You can also use social media to post your status to let family and friends know you are okay . In addition to Facebook and Twitter , you can use resources such as the American Red Cross Safe and Well program . " Learn more about why your emergency kit should include a cell phone Disaster response overlaps with day-to-day emergency response systems , which is partly why Thursday 's FCC Open Commission meeting focused on next-generation 911 , or NG911 , systems . In emergencies , NG911 systems would allow people to contact local emergency responders by sending text or photo/video messages to 911 . On Thursday the FCC announced that it 's beginning to formulate rules to accelerate the development of NG911 technologies . "  Some of these ideas used to be science fiction -- but implementing this technology is now within reach , " said Genachowski The U.S. Dept. of Transportation also has an NG911 project . The new FCC rules also would call for carriers to increase location accuracy in cell phone call tracking , and to "  enhance the information available to Public Safety Answering Points and first responders for assessing and responding to emergencies . " The FCC is also starting to examine how wireless carriers might start prioritizing 911 calls . "  Surprisingly , this is not already happening , " said Genachowski . "  The way the system works now , if the phone network is so congested that nothing gets through , that holds up 911 calls , too . We definitely saw this after the earthquake a month ago . But when networks are congested , 911 calls should get priority over other call traffic . " Social media is a growing part of the communication picture , especially in the wake of emergencies . "  Social media is ultimately part of NG911 . We need to make sure that emergency responders have access to social networks and wireless networks in their digital command centers , so they can see and integrate info from many sources and have it be actionable , " Genachowski said . Russ Johnson , director for public safety and homeland security for Esri  a leading vendor of geographic information systems , or GIS  has offered advice on how social-media users could create actionable emergency response information through the words they use in emergency-related tweets and status updates . Johnson noted that currently the FCC/FEMA tip sheet offers "  no direction or guidance on messaging to communicate a categorical problem . I still believe we are missing the boat by not providing a recommended list of key topics , hash-tags , etc. that could be quickly recognized and prioritized during emergencies for the social media domain . " Despite safety problems posed by texting while driving , or how being distracted by your cell phone might make you an easier target for street crime , Genachowski said that in the big picture , cell phones have made the world a safer place . "  Remember 911 calls in a world without mobile phones ? If you were out on the street or in your car and you saw an emergency , you could n't call 911 immediately . The fact that most people now have cell phones is a very significant improvement in public safety , " he said . "  Sure , we need to do more maximize this opportunity , but the fact that we have mobile networks is a big plus . The same is true for social networking . We are generally safer thanks to how people use social networks in emergencies . "	The FCC and FEMA offer new tech tips for emergency preparedness Many do n't know how to use technology in emergency situations If the power goes out , you ca n't use a cordless phone to make or receive calls FCC is developing new rules to foster development of next-generation 911
CNN  -- Sure you can wear T-shirts and shorts almost anywhere you go in St. Augustine , Florida . You would n't be in the Sunshine State if you could n't . But it would be a serious mistake to write this small Atlantic Coast city off as just another sandy tourist trap . Yes , the beaches are beautiful . Yes , there are kitschy bars and a requisite gator farm in the area . But this remarkable city -- the oldest , continuously populated European-settled city in the continental United States -- boasts a fascinating military history , an abundance of ornate Spanish architecture and a European-style historical district that is best accessed by foot or bicycle . Start with a stroll down Aviles Street , a picturesque brick lane deemed the oldest street in the oldest city . 50 United States , 50 amazing spots It 's so narrow that locals often refer to the RVs that tourists sometimes try to squeeze through as "  balcony killers . " Palm trees peek their top-heavy heads out from behind European-style buildings housing art galleries , curio shops and cafes with cheerful outdoor seating . "  Best ambiance in the city is anywhere on that street , " says local historian and unofficial St. Augustine guide Roger Smith . Make sure to duck into the many small gardens tucked into courtyards and alcoves along the downtown streets . These beautiful shady respites -- often featuring moss-covered statuary and a bench or two -- are every bit as lovely as something you 'd discover in New Orleans or Charleston , and they offer a moment of shelter from the Florida heat . Next , check out the Gonzalez-Alvarez House on St. Francis Street . It is a well-restored double-level home with two coquina fireplaces and a second-level porch . The oldest surviving Spanish Colonial home in the state , this residence has been occupied since the 1600s , and offers tourists a glimpse at how people survived in the sweltering tropical heat and of what possessions families valued most , including a crude water purification system that stands outside one of the exterior doors . Witness the rich legacy Not only is St. Augustine steeped in history , it 's a city that is actively discovering itself every day . Nowhere is this more evident than in the ongoing excavations at Ponce de Leon 's Fountain of Youth Archaeological Park . As you walk paths lined with Spanish moss-laden oaks and tall , proud palm trees , you can imagine what famed explorer Ponce de Leon felt as he came ashore here in 1513 in search of his legendary Fountain of Youth . Spanish General Pedro MenÃ © ndez de AvilÃ © s followed Ponce de Leon 's path and founded the colony of St. Augustine in 1565 on this site where an ancient Native American  Timucua  village stood . Today , visitors can watch archaeologists unearth artifacts , tour a detailed replica of the first Franciscan friars ' Mission de Nombre de Dios and see a live 16th-century weapons display , including a daily cannon firing . St. Augustine spent nearly 200 years under Spanish rule and served as an important defender of Spain 's trade routes along the Atlantic . One of the most impressive historical legacies of this military history is the grand Castillo de San Marcos , a masonry fort built starting in 1672 following a vicious attack by the pirate Robert Searle which left dozens dead and many St. Augustine homes , buildings and churches ransacked . The highly fortified military installation also once housed the mighty Native American leader Osceola . Today , visitors can wander the fortress or catch a historical re-enactment of a colony battle . The fort itself is built out of coquina , a type of rock found on nearby Anastasia Island that is formed from seashells and tiny mollusks , whose secretions form limestone . The material absorbs shock so well that cannonballs lobbed at the fort tended to bounce off the thick walls or stick in them , according to historian Smith . Look in on an opulent era St. Augustine 's glitzy phase was ushered in in the 1880s when oil tycoon Henry Flagler , seeking a warmer climate for his ailing wife , was charmed by this curious beach town . Flagler decided to turn St. Augustine into a destination for the wealthy and famous . Among other things , he built the opulent Ponce de Leon Hotel , a stunning example of Spanish Renaissance architecture and one of the first buildings in the nation to have electricity . The hotel 's luxurious ballroom is ringed by Tiffany stained glass windows , carved wooden columns and murals painted by artist George W. Maynard . " -LSB- Flagler -RSB- really spearheaded the idea of hotels for wealthy people from the north to spend the winter down here , " says Susan Richbourg Parker , director of St. Augustine 's Historical Society . "  It was the Gilded Age and there was a lot of wealth . It was important for the wealthy to see and be seen and they could do that at Flagler 's hotel . " Today , the Ponce de Leon is restored to its authentic origins , but it no longer operates as a hotel . Instead , the grand building serves as the centerpiece of Flagler College , and houses a women 's residence hall , dining facility and security office . Public tours of the college are available from May to December and cost $ 10 per adult . Explore the outdoors Spending some time on the picturesque beaches ought to be a high priority on any trip to St. Augustine , and the best place to start is with a visit to the St. Augustine Lighthouse & Museum . This magnificent maritime marvel is a daunting 219 steps to the top , but the payoff is a breathtaking panorama of St. Augustine and the Florida coastline . General Admission for adults is $ 9.75 ; kids taller than 44 inches are admitted for $ 7.75 . Be sure to browse the many specialty tours  at additional cost  this facility offers , including a romantic sunset/moonrise tour . For some good toes-in-the-ocean fun , head to the pristine Anastasia State Park where you can find miles of unspoiled beaches , biking paths , tidal pools and campground facilities . Wade in the warm waters and watch local bird species like laughing gulls and least terns skim the sands . And there 's plenty of fun for the kids , too . Do n't miss the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park , where you can ride a zip line high in the air over the gators .  Adult tickets $ 22.95 ; $ 11.95 for kids ages 3 to 11  . Or head to the St. Augustine Pirate and Treasure Museum , which houses a well-maintained collection of authentic pirate artifacts .  Adult tickets are $ 13.99 , youths , $ 6.99  . Stay and eat If you thought all St. Augustine served up were beautiful beaches and some cool history , you have n't tasted the homemade biscuits and peach butter at the Yard Bird Cafe on King Street in the downtown historic district . "  Most tourists do n't find -LSB- Yard Bird -RSB- , but they should , " says Allie Olsen , founder of the blog Simply St. Augustine . Sit in the restaurant 's charming outdoor area and load up on the blue crab quiche or the chicken biscuits . For a great cup of joe , hit up The Kookaburra , a self-described Aussie-American espresso bar featuring coffee drinks , hot chocolates , juices and a strong selection of Aussie pies  meat , veggie or brekkie  . For such a diminutive city -- there are only around 13,000 year-round residents -- this sandy enclave has an impressive array of good eats and swanky nightclubs to keep you well fed and hydrated . "  It 's a small town with big-city perks , " says blogger Olsen . "  And I get to wear my flip-flops year round . " Stave off afternoon hunger pangs with a trip to Crave , a food truck situated right on the water in downtown St. Augustine . This food truck serving healthy sandwiches , salads and wraps is only open for lunch , and , with any luck you 'll get there just in time to snag a picnic bench with an ocean view . For great seafood , try Catch 27 , a Southern-style restaurant where the traditional shrimp and grits wo n't disappoint . For unusual libations in a vintage 1920s loft space , sidle up to the bar at Ice Plant . And locals swear the best place to listen to terrific tunes and get busy on the dance floor is the Tradewinds Lounge . "  It looks divey from the front , but the house band is amazing , " says local historian Smith . "  The former lead guitarist with Santana plays here from time-to-time . Jimmy Buffett will come in occasionally ... rumor has it , when Buffett was coming up in the ranks , he got booed here . So he 'll come in , but he never plays , " says Smith . At the end of a long evening , check into the Bayfront Marin House bed and breakfast in the downtown area . This charming waterfront inn is brimming with elegance and stunning views , and , in the balmiest months , serves complimentary homemade ice cream and margaritas . This B&B also offers free parking and complimentary bicycles to those guests who 'd prefer to ditch the car for an easier way to get around the city . Rates start at $ 229 for ocean view suites and $ 179 for smaller rooms .	The town of St. Augustine , Florida , dates back to 1565 There 's a wealth of Spanish architecture , a lighthouse and lovely Atlantic beaches Henry Flagler added some Gilded Age opulence to the city
CNN  -- A proposed new " . africa " internet domain name will provide a stronger brand identity than current little known country domains , while preventing registration revenues flowing abroad , say backers . DotConnectAfrica , a non-profit organization registered in Mauritius , is one of the groups vying to establish and operate the dot africa name space for businesses and individuals across the continent . The opportunity has arisen since the Internet Corporation for Names and Numbers  ICANN  , the body which manages internet domain names , voted earlier this year to allow new varieties of top-level domains -- the suffix of an internet address . ICANN will be accepting applications for new generic top-level domains , or gTLDs , between January and April next year , with successful applications expected to be operational by 2013 . Two other groups -- the African Top-Level Domains Association and the African Registry Consortium -- have also expressed an interest in applying to operate " . africa " , while the African Union has said it plans to endorse a group to apply for the rights to operate the domain on its behalf . The African Union Commission also plans to apply to ICANN to operate the " . africa " domain , along with the French and Arabic alternatives " . afrique " and " . afriqia " . It is currently running an open tender process for technical organizations to operate the domains on its behalf , which will be included in the AUC 's application to ICANN . DotConnectAfrica executive director Sophia Bekele said that the suffixes for individual African countries -- country code top-level domains , or ccTLDs -- had generally proven unpopular during the decade or so of their existence . Research by her company suggested 80 % of African domain name registrants had opted for " . com " or " . org " suffixes instead , which were price competitive , reliable to register and had wide recognition . By contrast , the ccTLDs were little known , as they were "  usually owned by governments , and governments are typically not very good at marketing , " she said . Moctar Yedaly , head of information society for the African Union Commission , said the commission 's vision for the . africa domain went beyond the commercial . "  It may well be a very good business in terms of money generating . If it may generate some revenue we can use for the development of ICT in Africa , then that is all very good , but that 's not my primary goal , " he said . "  My primary goal is to ensure the identity of Africa , the image , the culture are well-maintained . " The . africa domain represented all Africans in the same way as the African Union flag , and its dignity needed to be protected . "  I would n't like to see ' . africa ' used for something pornographic , " he said . It should operate in the "  interests of the community " , rather than the interests of individuals in the private sector . "  This is for Africa , and Africa is 54 states . " Bekele said that in campaigning to build support for DotConnectAfrica 's proposal , the group had encountered a strong response from youth and from business for the notion of a pan-African online identity . More than 3,600 prospective registrants had expressed interest by "  pre-registering " with DotConnectAfrica . She said young developers involved in creating local content felt a stronger affinity with a potential " . africa " suffix than to " . com " domains , while it also appealed to corporates , who would be able to unify their presence across the continent under a single online brand . John Kariuki is the founder and CEO of AAR Credit Services , a Kenyan-based micro-finance company . The company also operates in Uganda and Tanzania , where it is looking to expand its operations , but currently uses a Kenyan "  co.ke " suffix . "  For companies looking to expand throughout Africa , it 's a good way of creating a brand identity , " he said of the potential domain . "  What really appeals to us is expressing that African identity . Sometimes you do n't really know where these companies are from . " Bekele said that if her group was successful in its application to establish and operate the domain , it would look offer domains at prices competitive to " . com " registrations -- $ 5 for students , or between $ 9 to $ 19 for small - to medium-enterprises . A major benefit of the " . africa " domain would be that proceeds from African domain registrations would remain on the continent , rather than flowing offshore . DotConnectAfrica says it plans to reinvest surpluses into developing the African internet sector . She said there was concern from governments that a " . africa " domain could jeopardize the existing ccTLDs . "  But I can assure you , if there is no ' . africa ' , I do n't think there will be any more uptake of the ccTLDs , " she said . However , not everyone is as optimistic about the potential impact of the new generic top-level domains . Ray Valdes , vice-president of web services for tech consultancy Gartner , said that because the new wave of gTLDs went "  against the grain of current consumer trends " , his company expected most of them to fall short of their goals . To be successful , the new gTLDs would require a change in consumer behavior , plus a change in how search engines index the internet . Users would have to type unfamiliar text strings into the address bar of the their browser , at a time when consumers were increasingly relying on search engines and social media to navigate the internet . He said that given the $ 185,000 price tag to apply for the new gTLDs , most organizations would be better served by investing in creating faster , more usable sites that are more easily indexed by search engines , and broadening the social media presence of their organization . However , he did expect a handful of regional-based gTLDs like " . africa " to be successful , depending on how well they were operated and how consumers responded . ICANN will not make a decision on control of the domain until after the application closes in April next year .	A number of groups are vying for the right to operate the " . africa " internet domain There is strong demand for a pan-African online identity , says one It says individual country suffixes , or ccTLDs , have proven unpopular in Africa
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama raised more than $ 40 million from more than 442,000 donors in March , his presidential campaign announced Thursday . Sen. Barack Obama greets campaign volunteers during a stop in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Wednesday . More than 218,000 of the donors were giving for the first time , the campaign said . The figures are estimates , a campaign spokesman said . "  We 're still calculating . " Sources in Sen. Hillary Clinton 's campaign said the New York senator raised $ 20 million in March . Impressive as the $ 40 million figure is , it is well below the $ 55 million Obama raised in February . Clinton , Obama 's rival for the Democratic nomination , raised about $ 35 million in February . Political analysts say this kind of fundraising power catches the attention of voters . "  They add to the so-called ` bandwagon effect ' -- the sense that Obama is building , that he 's going to be the nominee , " said Stu Rothenberg of the Rothenberg Political Report . With its March totals , the Obama campaign has raised approximately $ 234 million , which surpasses the Democratic record of $ 215 million that 2004 nominee Sen. John Kerry raised in that presidential primary season . Obama is $ 25 million shy of President Bush 's presidential primary fundraising record of $ 259 million , set in his uncontested campaign in 2004 . Obama raised $ 194 million through the end of February . Official fundraising tallies for March are due to the Federal Election Commission by April 20 . Clinton raised $ 156 million through the end of February . The Clinton campaign said Thursday morning it would not release March figures until required to file its FEC report , two days before the critical Pennsylvania primary April 22 . But later , campaign sources provided the figures , which show March to be Clinton 's second-highest fund-raising month for the campaign . A Clinton spokesman downplayed the importance of Obama 's fundraising total . "  We knew that he was going to out-raise us . He has out-raised us for the last several months , " Howard Wolfson said after Obama 's figures were released . "  We will have the resources that we need to compete and be successful in the upcoming primary states . " Wolfson also said he expected Clinton 's tax returns to be released soon . Clinton pledged March 25 she would release her returns within a week . Sen. John McCain , the expected Republican nominee , raised $ 11 million in February . He has not announced his March total . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Rob Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Clinton raised $ 20 million in March , campaign sources say Clinton camp says her tax returns will be released soon More than 442,000 donors contribute to Sen. Barack Obama 's , campaign says Number is below record $ 55 million Obama raised in February
CNN  -- People smugglers accused of causing the deaths of hundreds of migrants when they deliberately rammed and sank their boat in the Mediterranean must be found and punished , the U.N. human rights chief said Friday . Up to 500 people on board are thought to have died after the boat went down last week . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein called on Egypt and other North African and European states to track down those responsible for this "  atrocious incident " and hold them accountable . "  All the countries in the Mediterranean must make a concerted effort to clamp down on the smugglers who are exploiting one of the most vulnerable groups on the planet and endangering their lives , virtually on a daily basis , purely for financial gain , " Zeid said . "  The callous act of deliberately ramming a boat full of hundreds of defenseless people is a crime that must not go unpunished . "  If the survivors ' accounts are indeed true -- and they appear all too credible -- we are looking at what amounts to mass murder in the Mediterranean . " Zeid also called for nations to tackle the root causes that led people to undertake such dangerous journeys in a bid to reach European shores . ` They were laughing ' Eleven survivors of the sinking , rescued by authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece , told interviewers from the International Organization for Migration earlier this week that the people smugglers were Palestinian or Egyptian . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians -- many of them from Gaza -- Egyptians and Sudanese , as well as Palestinians , the witnesses said . Two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . They had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta and left on September 6 , they said . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Five days later , the smugglers allegedly rammed their boat far out to sea between Malta and Greece , causing it to sink , after the migrants refused to move onto a smaller boat they judged to be unseaworthy . They 'd already been forced to transfer vessel several times , the survivors said . "  After they hit our boat they waited to be sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " one survivor told the IOM . As many as 300 people were reportedly crammed into a lower deck of the boat , many of them children , while another 200 were on the sun-baked top deck , the IOM said . A week later , only 11 survivors have been found . Zeid urged the Greek , Maltese and Italian authorities to share information on the identity of the smugglers with the Egyptian authorities , who he said should also launch a thorough investigation . "  You can not transport large quantities of foreigners in buses into a major port and cram them on board a ship without the port authorities and other witnesses being aware of what is going on , " Zeid said . ` This summer 's recipe for death ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . In a news release Friday , the group said the reported 500 deaths were "  merely the latest chapter in a horrible story unfolding on Europe 's doorstep . "  Criminality , on top of desperation , has been this summer 's recipe for death â $ " even murder , according to eyewitness accounts . " The IOM called for an end to a culture of impunity , fed by poverty and lawlessness , that has allowed criminal gangs to prosper , particularly in Libya . And it urged European nations to reform immigration laws to allow refugees safe , legal migration to Europe . CNN 's Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	U.N. human rights chief urges probe into alleged deliberate sinking of a packed migrant boat If true , he says , "  We are looking at what amounts to mass murder in the Mediterranean " Survivor tells of people smugglers laughing as they rammed the boat , watched it sink Children are among as many as 500 people feared dead ; 11 survivors have been found
Auburn , Maine  CNN  -- A quiet lobbying campaign by a low-key man from Maine could determine which party controls the Senate next year . Sen. Angus King , a Maine Independent , is holding private conversations with Independent Senate candidates to urge them against siding with Democrats or Republicans before the election . In a narrowly divided Senate , this group of Independents could tip the balance of power -- and wield tremendous clout . "  If you announce in advance which party you 're going to caucus with , you may as well just sign up and say I 'm one or the other , " King told CNN . King recently advised Independent Kansas Senate candidate Greg Orman on how to be most effective running outside the two party system . Another Independent candidate , Larry Pressler of South Dakota , got similar pointers from King , who strongly suggested that Pressler evade questions about which party he he will caucus with -- just as King did when he first ran for the Senate two years ago . After his 2012 election as an Independent , King decided to caucus with Democrats , who currently control the Senate . But he 's taking the same advice he 's giving the candidates , refusing to rule out joining Republicans if they capture the Senate . "  I 'm not going to answer that question , " King said . "  I 'll make that decision at the time based upon what i think is in the best interest of Maine . " He added : "  My first priority is to try to make the Senate work better and to the extent that as an Independent I can help to do that , that 's my goal , " said King . King admitted he has been in talks with other moderate Senators in both parties for "  the past six months or so " to form a centrist caucus . However , he said it would be an informal group , and he does not envision breaking away any time soon from organizing around the two parties , as the Senate does now . POWER OF THE INDEPENDENT When King got to the Senate in 2013 there was only one other Independent , Bernie Sanders , a proud progressive who knows how to work across the aisle , like negotiating a Veterans Affairs overhaul . But Sanders has always caucused with Democrats . It used to be that Independents were titling at windmills , almost sure to lose to either the Democratic or Republican candidates . "  The hardest thing for an Independent is to get across an invisible credibility line and they 're not wasting their vote , " said King . But he crossed that invisible line in part because he had proven himself as a successful Independent governor here , but also because people were so desperate to send an alternative to Washington . "  When I was campaigning in Maine two years ago and people came up to me on the street they never started the conversation with health care , the Affordable Care Act , Syria , or anything else . What they started with was ` why ca n't those people down there talk to each other and get something done ? ' " recalled King . That overriding disgust appears more potent in 2014 . Strategists in both parties say their data show the most effective candidates this election year are those who can genuinely separate themselves from today 's partisan politics . That 's why candidates like Orman , and to a lesser extent Pressler , a former Republican , are doing well , and Independent candidates in other states are doing well enough to make an impact on their races . "  What I think it says is that the public is tired of the choices that they 're being given and they 're very tired of the gridlock and they 're looking for alternatives , " King told us . KING DID NOT ENDORSE FELLOW INDEPENDENT Orman is running in a tight race against sitting Sen. Pat Roberts . King told CNN that in his conversation with Orman , he explained that he could n't provide an endorsement because he made a pledge not to campaign against a sitting colleague . Still , he told Orman that he was happy to give him advice and is encouraged by his strong Independent candidacy . And while King is careful to say he is not sure there is a major trend towards Independent candidates quite yet , he openly dreams of Orman and Pressler actually winning and what that would mean for the future of Independents in politics . "  It 's going to encourage other people in other states who are going to say ` look there are guys in the Senate who are doing this and it 's not unthinkable . They 're getting these done , " said King . INDEPENDENT - SPOILER ? The reality is that Independent candidates in most campaigns still register in single digits at best , and are viewed by party leaders as mere spoilers taking away votes from GOP or Democratic candidates . In the governors race here in Maine , if incumbent Republican Paul LaPage wins , he can likely thank Independent Eliot Cutler for pulling votes away from Democrat Michael Michaud . "  I prefer the term winner to the term spoiler , " King said generally of the sentiment . "  There is always a risk but you ca n't calculate these kinds of things . you got ta say who is the best candidate , " he added , perhaps wishfully . WATCH : All eyes on S. Dakota , Kansas , Georgia	Angus King is urging Independent Senate candidates against siding with either party King is talking to Kansas Senate candidate Greg Orman and Larry Pressler of South Dakota King wo n't say which party he 'll join next year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The "  vast right-wing conspiracy " that attacked him during his presidency has been weakened , but continues to operate against President Obama , former President Clinton said Sunday . Former President Clinton said Republicans wo n't see a 1994-like surge at the polls in 2010 . On NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Clinton was asked about the term his wife Hillary Clinton , now secretary of state , famously coined . "  Is it still there ? " host David Gregory asked . "  Oh , you bet . Sure it is . It 's not as strong as it was , because America 's changed demographically , but it 's as virulent as it was , " the former president replied . "  I mean , they 're saying things about him -LSB- Obama -RSB- -- you know , it 's like when they accused me of murder and all that stuff they did , " Clinton said , in an apparent reference to conspiracy theories surrounding the suicide of White House deputy counsel Vince Foster . "  It 's not really good for the Republicans and the country , what 's going on now , " Clinton said . "  I mean , they may be hurting President Obama . They can take his numbers down , they can run his opposition up . But fundamentally , he and his team have a positive agenda for America . " The nation needs "  a credible debate about what 's the right balance between continuing to expand the economy through stimulus and beginning to move back to fiscal balance , " Clinton said . "  We need a credible debate about what 's the best way to get to universal -LSB- health care -RSB- coverage . " Clinton was asked whether he is concerned that the 2010 midterm elections could resemble those of 1994 , when Republicans took control of the House and Senate two years into his first term . "  There 's no way " that could happen , Clinton said , adding that "  the country is more diverse and more interested in positive action . " Also , he said , Republicans had control of Congress for several years under President George W. Bush , "  and they know the results were bad . " And , he said , "  the Democrats have n't taken on the gun lobby like I did . " "  Whatever happens , it 'll be manageable for our president , " Clinton said .	Clinton : Right-wing "  conspiracy " not as strong as it once was , but is as virulent Obama 's popularity may take hit , but attacks not good for country , Clinton says Clinton : "  No way " that Republicans will enjoy 1994-level success in 2010 elections
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 30 people have been shot dead in Nigeria , the head of Amnesty International said Friday , only a day after the rights group accused Nigerian security forces of committing serious abuses in their efforts to crack down on the militant Islamist group Boko Haram in the region . The latest deaths occurred in the town of Maiduguri , in Borno state , which has been the scene of much of the violence as Boko Haram seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law in the Muslim-dominated northern part of the country . Amnesty International Secretary General Salil Shetty said : "  We have certainly confirmed from our contacts that over 30 people have been killed -- summary executions , we understand ; bodies found in the morgue . " Witnesses told Amnesty and CNN that security forces from the Joint Task Force , or military , carried out the killings . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it "  These are not isolated examples -- it 's happening all the time , " Shetty added . "  Ordinary citizens are simply caught in the crossfire . " Shetty appealed for the government to ensure the rule of law was followed by its own forces in tackling the militant groups . "  There 's no way in which we can improve the security situation in the north , which we all want ... by increasing insecurity , " he said . "  We can not improve human rights by taking people 's lives and for security forces to be themselves beyond the pale of the law is just simply unacceptable . " Lt. Col. Sagir Musa , a spokesman for the Joint Task Force , told CNN that the reported killings are under investigation . "  JTF does n't condone or encourage infractions or indiscipline and where that happens we immediately visit sanctions accordingly , " Musa said . Read more : Why Nigerians are no longer content with ` suffering and smiling ' Meanwhile , the military blamed Boko Haram for killing retired Major Gen. Muhammadu Shuwa and a guest in Maiduguri Friday . Four gunmen entered Gen. Shuwa 's house and opened fire on him and his guests , Nigerian military spokesman Lt. Col. Sagir Musa said in a statement . Nigerian troops located in the area immediately cordoned off the area and are searching for the assailants , he said . In its report Thursday , Amnesty International condemned the increasingly brutal attacks carried out by Boko Haram since 2009 , but said Nigeria 's security forces "  have perpetrated serious human rights violations " in their response . Opinion : Could it finally be springtime for Nigeria ? "  Hundreds of people accused of links to Boko Haram have been arbitrarily detained without charge or trial ; others have been extrajudicially executed or subjected to enforced disappearance , " the report said . "  At the same time , the Nigerian government has failed to adequately prevent or investigate the attacks or to bring perpetrators to justice ; and victims have not received prompt and adequate reparation and remedy . "  The cycle of attacks and counterattacks has been marked by unlawful violence on both sides with devastating consequences for the human rights of the people trapped in the middle . " Read more : Facebook ` stalkers ' face trial for model 's murder A spokesman for the Nigerian military , Col. Mohammed Yerima , rejected the allegations made in Thursday 's report . "  We sincerely disagree with the report released by Amnesty International , " he told CNN . "  We believe that their statistical data is unfounded . They did n't interview anybody from Boko Haram , and they did n't interview us ; they seemed to have just spoken to people on the street . " He also dismissed allegations made in the report that the military participated in extrajudicial killings of suspects or used torture during interrogations . "  We deny that . What would we gain from killing people like that ? We do n't torture , we interrogate . If they are found not to be members of Boko Haram , we release them immediately , take them back to where we picked them up and we apologize , " he said . Amnesty International said it had shared its findings with the Nigerian authorities before it published the report , as well as requesting further information on certain cases , but that it had received no response . Read more : Suicide bomber kills 7 in Nigerian church Its researchers met with senior government officials , including the ministers for police affairs , justice and the interior , and the defense headquarters representative , the rights group said . Amnesty International also acknowledged the challenges faced by under-resourced police in the face of militant activity , and said the attacks by Boko Haram targeting civilians "  may constitute crimes against humanity . " Read more : Nigeria arrests a suspected militant leader Over the past three years , Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings of Christian churches that have killed hundreds and wounded many more . There have been fewer attacks by Christian militant groups . Nigeria has almost equal numbers of Christian and Muslims , with the south predominantly Christian . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups claim the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the government of President Goodluck Jonathan , a Christian . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	More than 30 people have been shot dead in Maiduguri , says Amnesty International The news comes a day after the rights group accused Nigerian security forces of abuses The military accuses Boko Haram gunmen of shooting a retired general and his guest Boko Haram , a militant Islamist group , has killed hundreds in attacks on churches
CNN  -- Big day reveal or YouTube preview ? That 's the question marketers face as they decide when to release their much-anticipated Super Bowl commercials . Mashable recently reported ads that ran online before the Super Bowl received 9 million views , compared to 1.3 million views for ads that debuted during the big game . Generating buzz and going viral are two measures of success . In 2012 , more than 13.7 million Super Bowl-related tweets were posted during the big game and this year that figure is expected to be higher . Last year , the top ad hashtags were #solongvampires , #makeitplatinum and #beckhamforhm . Does anyone remember what those were for ? No matter . It 's a new year ! Here are some of the Super Bowl ads currently creating big buzz ... Volkswagen ad - The Minnesota man with the Jamaican accent Spreading happiness by channeling Jimmy Cliff is the theme of this Volkswagen commercial , which has generated some controversy . While some online discussions question whether the use of a Jamaican accent by a white guy from the "  Gopher State " is offensive , commenters on the Volkswagen YouTube page say Jamaicans come in all colors . "  I think it 's great , funny and a compliment to the Caribbean no worries feel happy way of life ! " wrote user rebelphoto . "  I myself am not Jamaican but work with a good friend who is and I just love the sound of his dialect and the way he spreads his happiness when we are demoralized , just like the guy in the ad . I love Marvin , anyone offended by this ad should watch it and listen closer . " The Jamaica Gleaner , a newspaper in Kingston , Jamaica , posed the question to their Facebook fans , who mostly agreed the ad was not racist . "  There is nothing wrong with this ad it 's not racist , " said Lascelles G. Johnson . "  How many Jamaicans speak like Americans ? " Watch the Volkswagen ad Coca-Cola ad - Race across the desert A Coca-Cola commercial featuring a race among outlaw cowboys , aggressive showgirls with glitter bombs and scavenging badlanders to reach a giant bottle of soda seems harmless enough . But it 's the lone Arab character leading his camels through the desert who is overtaken by the race participants that has at least one Arab-American group asking for the character to be edited out . Warren David , president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee told Reuters on Wednesday the commercial is racist . A Coca-Cola spokeswoman said the characters are a nod to movies of the past . There has n't been much reaction on Twitter . On Coke 's YouTube page , Mona M. said , "  I 'm Arab and I do n't find this racist only because I do n't allow myself or anyone to lower my people 's standards . I 'm smart enough to know that not every Arab is a Bedouin with a camel and not every American is a cowboy or show dancer ... . Now can we worry about more important things in life already ?!!! " Watch the Coca-Cola ad Mercedes-Benz ad - Blond bombshell washes car ... in slow motion The sexy , sudsy Kate Upton video for Mercedes-Benz that released last week gave audiences a peek at the direction the luxury carmaker was heading for the Super Bowl . On Wednesday , Mercedes released the full spot , which features Usher and Willem Dafoe in addition to Upton . Sadly for some , it contains fewer suds , but more fantasy . Watch the Mercedes-Benz ad Calvin Klein ad - It 's for underwear , right ? And while we 're talking about sexy , Calvin Klein 's preview featuring male model Matthew Terry prompted this response from YouTube viewer omgboyplex , "  Best . 16 seconds . ever . " Watch the Calvin Klein preview Audi ad - Kiss the prom queen Would a teen really go to the prom -- in a tuxedo -- by himself ? Probably not . But Super Bowl ads are definitely not about reality . This Audi commercial challenges viewers to "  Be Brave . It 's what defines us . " Oh , and by the way , you could end up with a black eye . But it 's totally worth it . Watch the Audi ad Toyota - Your wish is my command Kaley Cuoco struts around everyday America as a purple genie granting your spoken and unspoken wishes in this Toyota RAV4 commercial that pairs talking squirrels with space travel . Cuoco has been tweeting about the commercial , and although the hashtag #wishgranted has n't gotten much buzz ahead of Sunday 's game , at least one person wished for a hobbit plane . Watch the Toyota ad Budweiser - What 's in a name ? Beer + baby animals ? Budweiser launched a Twitter contest to name the Clydesdale foal that will be featured in its Super Bowl ad . The foal will be seven days old on the day of the big game . Not old enough to drink or vote , but we 're hoping old enough to refuse some of these suggested names : Harmonica , Buddakup and Frodo . Submit your vote Kia - The birds and the bees ... and a planet Speaking of baby animals and humans , this panicked dad tries to explain to his young son where babies come from by inventing an elaborate story about the planet Babylandia . In the end , he is saved by a feature in his Kia Sorento that plays music on demand . Watch the Kia Sorento ad GoDaddy - You might not want to watch with grandma Twitter user @renillawafer14 says her least favorite part of the Super Bowl is the "  slutty GoDaddy commercials where you just look around at your family like ... " Well Rennie , it 's not likely to be any less uncomfortable this year if these are really the commercials they are planning to air . Watch the GoDaddy commercial lineup	Some of this year 's Super Bowl ads are being previewed online Marketers try to gauge if it 's worth it to save the ads for the big game This year 's roundup : Sexy , snarky , sudsy
CNN  The father of baby Lily , found by rescuers after her mother 's car flipped into a river , says she 's doing great and that he feels blessed . Rescuers found the toddler Saturday hanging upside down in the car , which had crashed into a frigid Utah river a day before . Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash that had landed their car on its roof in the Spanish Fork River . She was 25 . Deven Trafny , 34 , was out of town on a job at the time of the accident , CNN affiliate KUTV reported . He rushed to his daughter 's side as soon as he heard . "  I  came in , I put my finger in her hand , and I told her her Dad was here , and I love her , " he told reporters Wednesday . "  I have n't left her bedside since , and I 've just been here just sitting next to her waiting for her to get better so she can come home . " Trafny said that Lily is awake and has been singing nursery rhymes . Video of the two of them at a hospital shows her waving at a camera . "  She knows everything she knew before anything happened . It 's amazing . Doctors say it 's amazing , " he said . How did toddler survive car crash in Utah river ? Lily might have died unseen with her mother had a man not gone fishing in that particular spot Saturday . The angler waded into the river around noon , then noticed the car wheels-up in the water . The fisherman called emergency dispatch . The water was so cold that , when the rescue was over , seven of the men involved had to be treated for hypothermia . They heaved the car onto its side and saw Groesbeck in the driver 's seat . It was clear to them that she was dead . Lily was still strapped into her seat , where she may have been for 14 hours , if the wreck occurred at about 10:30 Friday night , as police believe . Trafny described Groesbeck as the love of his life , according to KUTV : "  I 'm going to miss her a lot . I still have to deal with that . " But he also considers himself lucky to still have his daughter -- healthy and alive . "  I 'm just blessed . I 'm counting all my blessings right now , " said Trafny . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Baby Lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours "  She knows everything she knew before anything happened . It 's amazing , " father says Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash
CNN  -- The "  Abu Qatada " affair has set off a firestorm of debate in Britain and beyond -- about what constitutes support for terrorism , about detention without trial , deportation and , yet again , about the vexatious issue of Britain 's relationship with Europe . Abu Qatada is a militant Palestinian preacher who had been held in high-security jails in the United Kingdom for a total of six years . Last week , an immigration tribunal granted him bail , despite the government 's objections . He was released Monday . Abu Qatada came to the U.K. in 1993 with his wife and three children and was granted refugee status because he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . But that was before his militant preaching became an issue and before al Qaeda became public enemy No. 1 . Britain has historically generous criteria for granting political asylum , but the consensus now on the left and the right is that the 51-year-old preacher should not have qualified . By the time he arrived in Britain from Peshawar in Pakistan , Abu Qatada 's hardline Salafist views were well formed . Writing in The New Yorker in 2006 , Lawrence Wright quotes a Saudi journalist who had met Abu Qatada in the early 1990s . Jamal Khashoggi said "  Abu Qatada had struck him as far more radical than Osama bin Laden ... influenced by Salafism , the puritanical , fundamentalist strain of Islam . " As a preacher in London mosques , Abu Qatada soon gained a militant following . In 1999 , he allegedly sought to justify the killing of Jews , including children , and attacking Americans . Three days after 9/11 , Abu Qatada preached that the attacks were part of a global struggle between Christianity and Islam , and were a response to America 's unjust policies . In another sermon , he sought to justify the killing by a Muslim of a "  non-believer " for the sake of Islam . At the same time , Abu Qatada ran a magazine called Al Ansar , which supported jihadists in Algeria at a time when the Armed Islamic Group of Algeria was waging a brutal campaign of massacres and assassinations . His rhetoric attracted a growing following in mosques and online among young militants , but no evidence has been produced in a British court to suggest he was involved with specific al Qaeda conspiracies . A Spanish government indictment sought to show that Abu Qatada did go beyond sermons . It alleged that an al Qaeda member , Barakat Yarkas , made more than 20 trips from Spain to Britain between 1995 and 2000 , bringing Abu Qatada funds raised for jihad . When London police raided Abu Qatada 's home early in 2001 , they found $ 250,000 in cash under his bed . Abu Qatada maintained it was to build a mosque , but some of the money was said to have been marked for the Chechen mujahideen -- at that point a cause celebre among jihadists . Abu Qatada was detained in the U.K. in 2002 under sweeping anti-terror legislation enacted after 9/11 -- along with dozens of other Islamist militants . Videos of his preaching were found in a Hamburg , Germany , apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks , including ringleader Mohammad Atta . British and other intelligence agencies asserted he had close ties to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Counter-terrorism sources also maintained he was a big influence on Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the Jordanian who would emerge as al Qaeda 's leader in Iraq . Both had been convicted of involvement in a terror plot in Jordan in 2000 , and according to one al Qaeda operative , it was Abu Qatada who had introduced al-Zarqawi to the al Qaeda leadership . Would-be shoe-bomber Richard Reid was also an admirer . In denying Abu Qatada 's release from jail in 2004 , a judge said , "  We have no doubt that his beliefs are extreme and are indeed a perversion of Islam for the purposes of encouraging violence against non-Muslims and Muslims who are , or have been , supportive of Americans . " In arguing for his continued detention the following year , the British government summarized his role , saying "  He provides advice which gives religious legitimacy to those who wish to further the aims of extreme Islamism and to engage in terrorist attacks , including suicide bombings . " His place in jihad was not unlike that of militant preacher Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in Yemen last year . After Britain 's highest court struck down detention without trial , Abu Qatada remained behind bars as the British government began proceedings to deport him to Jordan . He 'd already been convicted there in absentia of involvement in two terrorist attacks in 1998 , as well as the 2000 plot . Abu Qatada appealed , saying deportation would put him at risk of torture and lengthy pre-trial detention . His case moved gradually up the ladder of British justice but was eventually dismissed by the House of Lords , which found that "  the risk that evidence obtained by torture would be used in the criminal proceedings in Jordan would not amount to a flagrant denial of justice . " Enter the European Court of Human Rights , whose decisions are binding in U.K. cases . Last month , the court decided that Abu Qatada could not be deported to Jordan because there was "  a real risk of the admission of evidence obtained by torture at his retrial . " British Prime Minister David Cameron reacted angrily to the decision , telling the House of Commons last week : "  It is not acceptable that we end up with a situation you have someone in your country that threatens to do you harm that you can not try , you can not detain and you can not deport . " It 's a red meat issue to Conservative politicians in Britain . Traditionally hostile to Europe 's influence in Britain 's affairs , they believe the U.K. should not be bound by the court 's decision . Ministers are conscious that emotions are running high . Home Secretary Theresa May told Parliament : "  The right place for a terrorist is a prison cell ; the right place for a foreign terrorist is a foreign prison cell far away from Britain . " But as one popular tweet puts it : "  Abu Qatada has not even been convicted of a parking offense in Britain . " And that 's for two reasons . Authorities are unwilling to produce evidence in open court that might prove some operational or direct link to terrorism for fear of compromising intelligence sources . And it is notoriously difficult to prove a crime has been committed by the use of words that influence others ' actions . As Britain 's Home Office admitted in 2005 : "  We accept that Qatada encouraged and raised funds for individuals to go to Afghanistan ; he may not have gone further as an organiser . " While the U.K. authorities try to negotiate assurances from Jordan that would allow his deportation , Abu Qatada is on bail , but under strict conditions . He is electronically tagged , confined to his home for 22 hours a day , banned from using the Internet or a cell phone , banned from attending any mosque or publishing any statement , banned from receiving visitors without permission -- and those are just a few of the conditions . For now , Abu Qatada 's ability to invigorate the hearts of jihadists is very limited .	Abu Qatada 's hardline views were formed before he entered Britain He ran a magazine , Al Ansar , supporting jihadists in Algeria A video of his sermons was found in a 9/11 bomber 's apartment in Germany
Islambad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari will pardon a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy , the governor of Punjab state told CNN Tuesday . "  What basically he 's made it clear is that she 's not going to be a victim of this law , " Gov. Salman Taseer told CNN International 's "  Connect the World " program . "  I mean , he 's a liberal , modern-minded president and he 's not going to see a poor woman like this targeted and executed . ... It 's just not going to happen , " Taseer said . Asia Bibi , who has been jailed for nearly 15 months , was convicted in a Pakistani court earlier this month of breaking the country 's controversial blasphemy law by insulting Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , a crime punishable with death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code . She was sentenced to death . She has filed a petition for mercy with the High Court , Taseer said . "  If the High Court suspends the sentence and gives her bail then that is fine . We 'll see that , and if that does n't happen , then the president will pardon her , " he said . A preliminary investigation showed Bibi was falsely accused , a government official said Monday . "  The president asked me to investigate her case and my preliminary findings show she is innocent and the charges against her are baseless , " Pakistani Minister for Minority Affairs Shahbaz Bhatti told CNN . Bhatti emphasized Monday that he has reached only preliminary conclusions and will submit a final report Wednesday to Zardari 's office . Prosecutors say Bibi , a 45-year-old field worker , insulted the Prophet Mohammed after she got into a heated argument with Muslim co-workers who refused to drink from a bucket of water she had touched . In a brief news conference at the prison where she 's being held , Bibi said Saturday that the allegations against her are lies fabricated by a group of women who do n't like her . "  We had some differences and this was their way of taking revenge , " she said . Bibi 's death sentence sparked outrage among human rights groups , who condemned Pakistan 's blasphemy law as a source of violence and persecution against religious minorities . CNN 's Luke Henderson and Ravi Agrawal contributed to this report .	The High Court should release Asia Bibi , Punjab 's governor tells CNN She was sentenced to death for insulting Islam 's Prophet Mohammed "  She 's not going to be a victim of this law , " Gov. Salman Taseer says
President Barack Obama on Friday said that Sony Pictures made a mistake in canceling the release of a movie after a cyberattack from North Korean-backed hackers . "  I am sympathetic to the concerns that they face . Having said all that , yes , I think they made a mistake , " Obama said at a news conference Friday . "  Let 's not get into that way of doing business . " Obama 's statement came hours after the FBI announced North Korea is officially responsible for the cyberattack on Sony Pictures , an attack law enforcement officials called a "  game changer . " "  We can not have a society in which some dictators someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States because if somebody is able to intimidate us out of releasing a satirical movie , imagine what they start doing once they see a documentary that they do n't like or news reports that they do n't like , " Obama said . "  That 's not who we are . That 's not what America is about . " U.S. government agencies have presented the White House a list of options to respond to the North Korean hack , according to U.S. officials briefed on the matter . The range of options includes economic and banking sanctions -- but , the officials said , the list does not include adding North Korea to the list of state sponsors of terrorism . The United States will respond "  proportionally " to the attack , Obama said , though he would not say how the U.S. would specifically retaliate . He did note that the U.S. has beefed up its cybersecurity infrastructure , but that "  occasionally there are going to be breaches like this . " An FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques a group of hackers called "  Guardians of Peace " used in the Sony attack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . The North Korean-backed hackers broke into Sony 's servers , published private emails and information and threatened to attack movie theaters screening "  The Interview , " a comedy film about an assassination plot on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Sony Pictures Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton rebuffed Obama 's criticism in an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , saying his company did not make a mistake . Instead , Lynton said Obama , the press and the public "  are mistaken as to what actually happened . " Lynton pinned the decision to pull back from the planned Dec. 25 release on the major movie theater companies that told Sony they would not screen the film . "  We have not caved , we have not given in , we have persevered , and we haven to backed down . We have always had the desire to have the American public see this movie , " Lynton said . So far , no major video on demand distributors or streaming services have offered to carry "  The Interview " to Americans , Lynton explained , despite a wave of suggestions that Sony distribute the film outside of movie theaters . And despite enduring what he called "  the worst cyberattack in American history , " Lynton said his studios would make the movie again , but may have "  done some things slightly differently . " Obama added that the U.S. has "  no indication " that any other country was involved in the North Korean attack . Secretary of State John Kerry also sounded off on what he called a "  brazen , " "  provocative and unprecedented " attack . "  We are deeply concerned about the destructive nature of this state sponsored cyber-attack , " Kerry said in a statement . "  These lawless acts of intimidation demonstrate North Korea 's flagrant disregard for international norms . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein said that the onus is on the government and the international community to act in the face of this cyberattack -- the latest in a string of attacks on major corporations in recent years that have also included J.P. Morgan Chase and Target . Stressing the "  monumental size " and the "  extortion " aspect of the cyberattack on Sony , Feinstein called for an "  international agreement " to confront cyber threats and said the U.S. government needs to take action to better protect companies from those types of threats . "  We are going for bloodshed , I believe , if we do n't stop it , " she said on CNN . "  I would hope that we can convince the North Koreans that this carries a very heavy price . " And the idea of a foreign government launching a destructive attack on an American company over an ideological matter elevated this hack to "  one of the highest priority investigations we 've worked on , " one law enforcement official told CNN . U.S. officials also tell CNN the hackers routed the attack through servers in countries from Asia , Europe and Latin America , even some in the U.S. â $ ` The hackers used common DNS masking techniques to make it look like it was coming from those places , but the National Security Agency and FBI were able to track it back to North Korea . North Korean internet traffic is routed through China , which is one way they are able to hide their activity , but the FBI was still able to trace it back to the origin , sources tell CNN . And Obama also addressed North Korea 's motives , noting that attacks came after a comedic , satirical movie . "  The notion that that was a threat to them I think gives you some sense of kind of what regime we 're talking about , " Obama said . The FBI called North Korea 's actions "  outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior " in a statement released Friday and called cyberthreats "  one of the gravest national security dangers . " The FBI did not use the words "  terror " in their statement . The investigation linked the "  tools " of the Sony hack to North Korean cyberattacks in March 2013 against South Korean banks and media outlets . Former Sen. Chris Dodd , the Chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America , released a statement Friday after the FBI announcement slamming the North Korean attacks by "  cyber terrorists , bent on wreaking havoc " as a "  despicable , criminal act . " "  This situation is larger than a movie 's release or the contents of someone 's private emails , " Dodd said . "  This is about the fact that criminals were able to hack in and steal what has now been identified as many times the volume of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress and threaten the livelihoods of thousands of Americans who work in the film and television industry , as well as the millions who simply choose to go to the movies . " Related : Cyberattacks skyrocket Bruce Bennett , a North Korean expert at the RAND Corporation told CNN that he consulted informally on the field as a favor to Lynton , who sits on the RAND Board of Trustees . "  He asked RAND 's president if he had a Korean expert to speak to in order to help sort out how to handle the picture and RAND 's president asked me to do that . We had a couple of brief conversations , viewed the movie and sent some comments , " he said , adding "  this was not a paid consultency . " Bennett said he suggested Sony let the State Department know about the film and the potential political issues involved and offered to call Robert King , the State Department 's envoy for North Korean human rights . He said "  I simply notified him of what was going on . " King told Bennett the film "  was an American business decision and the State Department does n't get involved in things like that . " Bennett said he did not show King or anyone at the State Department the film and said he was skeptical that anyone at the State Department saw it . Referring to the State Department , Bennett said "  their attitude was that they were glad to know about it , but it was not their role to intercede . " In addition to King 's discussion with Bennett , the State Department has acknowledged that Assistant Secretary for East Asian Affairs Danny Russell spoke with Lynton about the film , but denied he had any involvement in its script or creative direction . State Department spokeswoman said she did not know of anyone at State that screened the movie , though it is not clear still if State officials knew how the movie ended . "  I did not come across anyone who saw the movie in advance , " Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in an interview Thursday on CNN 's The Lead with Jake Tapper . Sen. John McCain on Friday said the cyberattack amounted to "  an act of war " on Friday and said the U.S. should retaliate in kind with cyberwarfare . "  This is the greatest blow to free speech that I 've seen in my lifetime probably , " McCain said Friday on Arizona radio station KFYI 550 's "  The Mike Broomhead Show . " "  We have to respond in kind . We have lots of capability in cyber and we ought to start cranking that up . " McCain plans to hold a cybersecurity hearing into the Sony hack in the first two weeks of the next Congress , when he takes over as the chairman of the Armed Services Committee .	President Barack Obama calls Sony 's decision to cancel movie showing ' a mistake . ' The FBI called North Korea 's actions "  outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior " Officials tell CNN that the hackers were routed through severs in Asia , Europe and Latin America
Philippine military helicopters on Monday fired rockets at Muslim rebels who were holed up in areas of a major city on the southern island of Mindanao . The rebels have been holding scores of people hostage in Zamboanga City for the past week in a crisis that authorities estimate has left as many as 61 people dead and more than 150 wounded . No truce : Army , Islamic militants fight on in Philippines Intense exchanges of gunfire continued to take place Monday as military officials said they were trying to tighten the noose around rebel-held areas . Two MG-520 attack helicopters from the Philippine Air Force fired rockets at rebel positions over a roughly 20 minute period in the early afternoon , the official Philippine News Agency reported , citing military officials . The recent violence has largely paralyzed Zamboanga , a usually bustling trading hub on the southwestern tip of Mindanao , and displaced more than 60,000 people . The crisis has increased fears of instability in a region where the central government is pursuing a new peace plan after decades of unrest . President Benigno Aquino III and other top Philippine officials are overseeing the response in Zamboanga , a mainly Christian city . The Philippine armed forces are carrying out an operation to try to "  constrict " the rebels , who came ashore last Monday , said military spokesman Lt. Col. Ramon Zagala . He described the operation as "  delicate , " as the troops try to avoid harming hostages and any other civilians caught in the parts of Zamboanga where the rebels are holed up . The rebels now hold one third of the territory they had last week , before the military began its effort to squeeze their positions last Friday , Zagala said . The armed forces switched to a more offensive approach after the rebels fired mortars into civilian areas , he said . More than 100 hostages Military officials say they believe that slightly more than 100 rebels remain active in Zamboanga and that they are still holding more than 100 people as a human shield . Some hostages and other civilians trapped in the rebel-held zone have managed to flee during outbursts of fighting over the past week . Security forces estimate that they have killed 51 rebels , although only 21 bodies have been recovered . A further 48 rebels have been captured and nine have been wounded , Zagala said . The violence has killed six members of the Philippine security forces and four civilians , he said . The number of people estimated to have been wounded , including rebels , stands at 157 . The unrest in Zamboanga has closed schools and businesses . Hundreds of houses of houses have caught fire during the fighting . Authorities have accused the rebels of deliberately starting the fires . The rebels are a faction of the Moro National Liberation Front  MNLF  , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in the mainly Catholic Philippines . The MNLF signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 , but some of its members have broken away to continue a violent campaign . Last month , Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on resource-rich Mindanao .	The helicopters carry out a 20-minute attack on rebel positions in Zamboanga City The armed forces are trying to "  constrict " the rebels ' positions , a spokesman says Authorities estimate that more than 60 people have been killed during the crisis The unrest in and around the port city has displaced more than 60,000 people
CNN  -- The only two baby mountain gorillas in captivity -- orphaned two years ago after their mothers were slain in massacres -- will soon be getting a lush , new playpen , Congo 's wildlife authority announced Friday . Ndeze and Ndakasi will be romping in a special sanctuary , the Senkwekwe Center now under construction in Virunga National Park , where about 200 of the world 's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live . "  This is paradise for them , " said Samantha Newport , the park 's communications director . "  They will be able to play around , climb trees and eat forest food . " Authorities began building the center in July 2007 but had to stop work after rebels invaded the park during the long-running civil war that raged in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Work resumed in September as hostilities subsided . The center is expected to be ready for occupancy by March . The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old , one on her slain mother and the other on the back of her brother , who was alive when the baby was found . Authorities do n't know who killed the mothers , but they suspect that the perpetrators were those engaging in the park 's illegal charcoal industry , in which people cut down trees for fuel so they can cook and boil water . Newport said park rangers who found the babies hustled them out of the park to the city of Goma , where they have been living on a site with a house and trees . "  If they had not been taken out of the wild , they would have died , " she said . Newport does n't know whether the two will be moved out of the center and into the wild when they get older . The Senkwekwe Center is a 2.5-acre plot of forest three miles from the mountain gorilla habitat in Virunga . Emmanuel de Merode , director of Virunga National Park , said that along with sheltering the baby gorillas , the center offers "  a unique opportunity to enable the local population to see gorillas , and provides a launch pad for the veterinary activities that are conducted throughout Virunga . " The center will have a 40-by-40-meter interior holding facility , visitation platforms , an education center and veterinary facilities . The wildlife authority is raising $ 100,000 for the completion of the center , and donations will be matched by the United Nations Foundation . Gorillas have been caught in the middle of the civil warfare in recent years , and fighters had occupied large swaths of the 8,000 -- square-kilometer park . The gorilla section is in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda .	Ndeze and Ndakasi will move to the Senkwekwe Center in Virunga National Park About 200 of the world 's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live at the park The babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old ; their mothers were killed
CNN  -- Recalling her father brings tears to her eyes . "  I cried and I cried , " says Senna , remembering the day her father passed away . Senna , 14 , lives in La Rinconada , Peru . Her father died after spending years toiling in the town 's mines . He never had the chance to go to school , but dreamed one day of becoming an engineer . A dream that he passed on to his daughter . It is his words that bring her strength today . "  Do n't be like me , " he would tell her . "  Make a better person of yourself , Senna . Study . " But like everything in La Rinconada , getting an education is tough . This mining town of about 30,000 people sits three miles in the air and is considered to be the highest city in the world . Living conditions are harsh . Besides the altitude , the town has no running water and no sewage system . "  Education is really very low on the sense of priorities . There are no laws , no police , no one seeing that children are going to school , " says "  Girl Rising " writer Maria Arana . In the Puno province , where La Rinconada is located , nearly 68 % of the population lives below the poverty line . The men work in the mines . Women sell goods , look for gold in discarded mine rocks or make money from prostitution . "  This is not a place for kids , " says Senna Even where schools are available , many parents need their children 's help with work . "  If mother is mashing rock , she may want help , " says Arana . "  There are no rules in La Rinconada . " According to CARE , nearly 29 % of indigenous children in Peru do not attend school . But CARE is trying to change that . In 2003 , the aid organization began working in La Rinconada to educate people about need for formal education and the dangers of child labor . Now , over 23,000 children receive assistance at the kindergarten , elementary and high school levels . Senna is one of these students and is now on the path to do something that no one in her family has done -- go to college . "  I have various dreams . I would like to study marketing , law and engineering , but more than anything else , I want to be a poet . A great poet . " Give Support the campaign behind the film "  Girl Rising " and give to the10x10 Fund for Girls ' Education . Donations will be distributed evenly among the 10x10 nonprofit partners and help fund girls ' education projects around the world . You can also help CARE by donating to its "  Help Her Learn " campaign , which provides girls around the world with access to primary education . The money provides schools with equipment , programs and helps train teachers . Impact For even more ways to make an impact for girls education around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project More from CNN 's Impact Your World	La Rinconada sits three miles high in the Peruvian mountains It has no plumbing , sanitation , or heating services , and the ground is heavily contaminated Senna is currently enrolled in high school and on track to attend college She is interesting in studying engineering and dreams of becoming a poet
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Accused investment swindler Bernard L. Madoff will plead guilty later this week to 11 counts that could bring a sentence of 150 years in prison , one of his attorneys told CNN . Bernard L. Madoff is charged in one of the largest investment fraud schemes on record . Prosecutors stressed that there is no plea deal and that Madoff , 70 , will have to forfeit any money he made from his crimes . "  The government has not entered into any agreement with Mr. Madoff about his plea or sentencing , " said acting U.S. Attorney Lev L. Dassin . "  The filing of these charges does not end the matter . Our investigation is continuing . " Madoff attorney Ira Lee Sorkin said his client has agreed to plead guilty to crimes including money laundering , perjury and fraud . Earlier , Sorkin and defense attorney Daniel Horowitz told CNN that Madoff was waiving his right to a grand jury indictment and that the defense team had been talking about a plea with government attorneys . "  We obviously have talked to the government , " said Horowitz . "  And we have been professional with each other . " Watch details of the plea agreement " Madoff is a former chairman of the NASDAQ stock market and founder of an innovative Wall Street trading firm that electronically matched buy and sell orders . He is accused of running a massive fraud , allegedly using new investment money from clients to fund other customers ' apparent gains . It was , "  basically , a giant Ponzi scheme , " Madoff said , according to the government 's criminal complaint . Follow the milestones in the case against Madoff " "  There is no innocent explanation , " Madoff told two FBI agents , according to the complaint , which states Madoff expects to go to jail . Madoff was charged in December with one count of securities fraud , which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison . He has remained out on $ 10 million bail , but is confined to his luxurious Upper East Side apartment . In court documents , prosecutors said Madoff had run his scheme "  from at least the 1980s until his arrest on December 11 , 2008 , ... by soliciting billions of dollars of funds under false pretenses , failing to invest investors ' funds as promised , and misappropriating and converting investors ' funds to Madoff 's own benefit . " The charges also say Madoff 's company , Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities  BLMIS  , claimed that as of November 30 , 2008 , it held 4,800 client accounts worth about $ 64.8 billion . "  In fact , BLMIS held only a small fraction of that balance on behalf of its clients , " the documents say . Madoff is scheduled appear at a plea proceeding on Thursday before U.S. District Judge Denny Chin . Chin also ruled Tuesday that Madoff can keep Sorkin on as his attorney after Madoff said he was satisfied the attorney was representing his interests despite potential conflicts of interest . Sorkin told the government he invested $ 18,860 with Madoff in the early 1990s through a retirement account that had been set up with his former law firm and was later transferred to another brokerage firm in 1995 . Also , Sorkin 's late father held an account with Madoff , the proceeds of which were eventually distributed to trust accounts for Sorkin 's two sons . Sorkin also has represented a Florida accounting firm , Avellino & Bienes , which invested with Madoff . Sorkin told CNN he has received death threats and anti-Semitic hate mail . CNN sent an e-mail to one of the originating electronic address but received no reply . "  These people need to take Civics 101 , " Sorkin told CNN . "  It is extremely disappointing that people who should know better have no understanding of the role defense lawyers play in preserving our system of justice . " The senders display a "  lack of understanding of the constitution and bill of rights and how it applies to everyone , " Sorkin added . "  As for the remarks I can only have sympathy for these people who treat this representation as some religious quest . "	Bernard L. Madoff has agreed to plead guilty to 11 counts in Ponzi scheme He faces 150 years in prison for money laundering , fraud and perjury Prosecutors wo n't confirm plea plans ; defense says it 's a done deal A hearing is scheduled Thursday ; former clients have been notified
London  CNN  -- With the prospect of more surgery ahead and under the shadow of Taliban threats , courageous teen activist Malala Yousafzai was recovering at her temporary home Friday after being discharged from a British hospital . In an attack that propelled her to global recognition , Malala was targeted in Pakistan by Taliban gunmen for speaking out in favor of education for Pakistani girls . She was left with life-threatening head and neck wounds . Now , almost three months later , she 's on the mend but far from fully recovered . Doctors plan to perform cranial reconstructive surgery on her within the next month , replacing a shattered portion of skull with either her own bone or a titanium plate . The hospital released a photo to the news media showing a half-smiling Malala waving to photographers wearing a tan , gray and black scarf . Photos : Malala and the women of Pakistan Video footage also showed her walking along a hospital corridor , her hand clasped in that of a nurse , waving goodbye to staff at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham -- her home for nearly three months . The transformation from images released immediately after Malala was admitted on October 15 -- which showed her face bruised and a breathing tube in place -- is dramatic . Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and his wife welcomed her progress Friday , saying on Twitter : "  Good news that Malala is well enough to leave hospital . We wish her well as her recovery continues with her family . " "  Malala is a strong young woman and has worked hard with the people caring for her to make excellent progress in her recovery , said Dr. Dave Rosser , the medical director of the University Hospitals Birmingham who 's overseen her care . "  Following discussions with Malala and her medical team , we decided that she would benefit from being at home with her parents and two brothers . " As she recovers with her family at a house in the West Midlands , Pakistan 's consulate in Birmingham has hired Malala 's father as an education attache . Her parents and younger brothers , Khushal and Atul , traveled to England in the fall to be with her as she goes through the long rehabilitation process . Ziauddin Yousafzai will function as head of the consulate 's education section for three years , the Pakistani government said . His job could be extended for two additional years . iReport : Your messages for Malala The 15-year-old became an international symbol of courage after she was shot by Taliban gunmen last fall for her crusade about girls going to school . She had blogged fearlessly about girls ' education and accused the Taliban of thriving on ignorance . The Taliban forbid girls in the classroom and have threatened to kill anyone who defies them . Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid Malala was in a school van in the area on October 9 when the gunmen stopped the vehicle and demanded that other girls tell them who was Malala . They identified her . Malala was then shot , as were two other girls who survived the attack with lesser injuries . Malala was left in a critical condition , with her father later describing her survival as a miracle . When he left Pakistan to join his daughter , Ziauddin Yousafzai told reporters he intended to return to his native country as soon as she had recovered . It is not clear whether his appointment will mean the entire family stays long term . At the time of his daughter 's shooting , he ran a school in Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley that kept its doors open to girls -- in defiance of the Taliban . Watch : Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? The attack on Malala prompted outrage and wide outpourings of support , in Pakistan and overseas . But even as anger about her shooting intensified , the Taliban issued a statement online saying that if Malala lived , they 'd come after her again . Interior Minister Rehman Malik promised government protection if the schoolgirl does return to Pakistan . Pakistani authorities are paying for her medical care in Britain . Since her shooting , Malala has become an international figure . She was selected as runner-up for Time magazine 's Person of the Year for 2012 . CNN and Time are owned by Time Warner Inc. . Read more : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown welcomes Malala Yousafzai 's release She will continue to receive treatment as an outpatient , the hospital says The 15-year-old will probably undergo cranial reconstructive surgery in the next month She was shot by Taliban gunmen for promoting education for girls
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy brought an assault of historic proportions to millions of homeowners in the Northeast this week . Damages are estimated at between $ 30 billion and $ 50 billion . As the recovery process begins , residents of the hardest-hit areas should follow the advice of local and state authorities and Federal Emergency Management Agency representatives . As you return to your homes , here are some structural issues to look for and how to address them . If your home suffered slight to moderate damage -- basement flooding , broken windows , missing roof shingles â $ " the storm cleanup may be a little easier but no less urgent . A compromised roof makes your house vulnerable to more serious issues , while anything flooded becomes a potential breeding ground for mold , mildew or rot if not addressed quickly . Downed power lines are perhaps the biggest risk after a storm of this size . Avoid wading into standing water or going anywhere near ground wires . Just because you have no power in your house does n't mean there is n't a live current . Before you do anything , take pictures of any damage , however minor , in case you need them for insurance purposes . 7 health risks after Sandy Flooded basements If basement flooding has left 2 or 3 feet of standing water , your first impulse will be to pump the water out quickly . But if you had that much water , the ground around the house may still be fully saturated , increasing the pressure on your home 's walls and foundation . This is especially dangerous in old houses with loose stone foundations as opposed to poured concrete . Pump the water out slowly , a foot a day to be on the safe side . Anything that is water-soaked is already damaged , so a day or two is not going to matter . For those with moderate flooding , let your sump pump do its job ; pick up additional units if necessary . A wet vac will also offer a handy assist . Once the water has been extracted , remove everything that you can : water-soaked boxes , furniture and especially carpeting . Open vents and windows and set up fans to promote air circulation through the space . The sooner everything dries out , the lower the potential for mold , mildew and permanent damage . Invest in a dehumidifier to fight dampness and facilitate the drying process . Floodwater can be filled with any number of contaminants , from sewage and sludge to chemicals , gas and motor oils , so be sure to wear gloves and a mask when you start cleaning walls and floors . You can purchase a disinfectant or create your own solution of Â 3/4 to 1 cup bleach per gallon of water . Use a mop and broom to clear out any mud or debris and be sure to remove any obstructions to drains . If you had drywall in the basement or any room of the house that experienced flooding , it will need to be removed and replaced  same goes for any water-saturated insulation  . The chances of it drying out thoroughly are slim , and its potential to foster mold and mildew growth is considerable . Roof damage With high winds comes the potential for serious roof damage . The roof is your home 's greatest defense against the elements , so even minor damage can create serious problems . Inspect your roof for damaged or missing shingles . They will need to be replaced as soon as possible because the exposed roof deck will be subject to further dampness and moisture , which you do n't want as winter approaches . If you had more serious roof damage , consult with a roofing contractor to see how you can protect the interior of your home until a professional repair can be made . Blue tarps offer a temporary solution and may be available through government agencies . Roof issues can also be evident from inside the house . Check the ceilings for water spots , particularly in rooms upstairs and near chimneys . The presence of water spots suggests that there may be additional roof problems . Trees and yard cleanup Major tree damage ? The municipality , power company , or emergency services in the area may help clear the way . If you are able to remove fallen branches safely , you should . Leave anything more to a qualified tree removal specialist . He or she will help you determine whether a damaged tree that 's still standing can be saved . If you have shrubs and hedges , they no doubt took a beating , which means pruning may be in order . Most plants are resilient and will be no worse for wear come summer . Clear up any debris that might have collected in the yard , disposing of refuse in accordance with local regulations . It 's going to take a good long while for everything to dry out . But , when the time comes , it will make good sense to power wash the exterior of the house . One of the most heartening things to come out of any disaster is the support and help of volunteers , neighbors and community organizations . If you were n't personally affected by the storm , think about volunteering to help those in need , particularly the elderly , or support relief organizations such as the American Red Cross . Have you been through home repair after a natural disaster ? Share your experience in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Superstorm Sandy victims should check for structural damage , Bob Vila says Vila recommends inspecting for flooding , roof damage , mold and yard debris Consult local and FEMA authorities about home repair guidelines Contact professionals for big repair jobs after assessing the damage to your home
CNN  -- Tiger Woods will go into the final round of The Barclays four shots off the lead after completing his second successive round of two-under-par 69 . It marked a slight improvement after the world No. 1 ended his rain-delayed second round five shots behind the same pacemaker , Matt Kuchar , earlier Saturday . However , Kuchar -- who can move to the top of the FedEx Cup standings above current leader Woods if he wins the $ 1.44 million first prize -- was caught at the top by fellow American Gary Woodland after 54 holes . Kuchar carded a third-round 70 , while Woodland went around two shots better to join him on 12 under . They were one shot ahead of Kevin Chappell , who broke the course record at Liberty National in New Jersey with a flawless nine-birdie 62 . It was the second time he has posted that score this season , and lifted the 27-year-old up from 43rd place at the halfway stage . Kuchar , 35 , triumphed at The Barclays in 2010 when it was played at Ridgewood Country Club , and is seeking his third victory this year . Woods -- who has won a leading five times on the PGA Tour in 2013 -- moved up from a tie for eighth as he birdied two of his last three holes . He also started with a birdie , but three bogeys in five holes in the windy conditions set him back again . However , the 14-time major winner got a shot back at the eighth hole and picked up another at 13 before a strong finish left him in a tie for fourth with Englishman David Lynn , who also shot 69 . U.S. Open champion Justin Rose was in a group tied for sixth on seven under , along with Bubba Watson , Jim Furyk and Rickie Fowler . Masters winner Adam Scott dropped back to a tie for 13th after suffering a double-bogey in his 72 . The Australian was level with former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy , who had three birdies and three bogeys in his 71 , 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson  74  and Sergio Garcia  71  . British Open champion Phil Mickelson moved up nine places to a tie for 34th after a 70 , but was not happy with his game . "  I hit a lot of good shots and made a lot of good swings , " the veteran left-hander said . "  I was sloppy , though , and I did n't score well , and Sunday is going to be an important day for me , because I just want to put it together . " Last year 's FedEx Cup champion Brandt Snedeker , in his third tournament since several months off battling bone disease , missed the halfway cut by one shot after a 71 . Graeme McDowell , Ian Poulter and Ernie Els were among the other high-profile names to also drop out in the $ 8 million event .	Matt Kuchar and Gary Woodland lead The Barclays by one shot after round three Kevin Chappell in second place after breaking course record with 62 on Saturday Tiger Woods four shots back on eight under following his second successive 69 World No. 1 tied for fourth with Englishman David Lynne in New Jersey
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Every day , five U.S. soldiers try to kill themselves . Before the Iraq war began , that figure was less than one suicide attempt a day . A U.S. soldier patrols the streets of Baghdad in January . The dramatic increase is revealed in new U.S. Army figures , which show 2,100 soldiers tried to commit suicide in 2007 . "  Suicide attempts are rising and have risen over the last five years , " said Col. Elspeth Cameron-Ritchie , an Army psychiatrist . Concern over the rate of suicide attempts prompted Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , to introduce legislation Thursday to improve the military 's suicide-prevention programs . "  Our troops and their families are under unprecedented levels of stress due to the pace and frequency of more than five years of deployments , " Webb said in a written statement . Watch CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre on the reasons for the increase in suicides " Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , took to the Senate floor Thursday , urging more help for military members , especially for those returning from war . "  Our brave service members who face deployment after deployment without the rest , recovery and treatment they need are at the breaking point , " Murray said . She said Congress has given "  hundreds of millions of dollars " to the military to improve its ability to provide mental health treatment , but said it will take more than money to resolve the problem . "  It takes leadership and it takes a change in the culture of war , " she said . She said some soldiers had reported receiving nothing more than an 800 number to call for help . "  Many soldiers need a real person to talk to , " she said . "  And they need psychiatrists and they need psychologists . " According to Army statistics , the incidence of U.S. Army soldiers attempting suicide or inflicting injuries on themselves has skyrocketed in the nearly five years since the start of the Iraq war . Last year 's 2,100 attempted suicides -- an average of more than 5 per day -- compares with about 350 suicide attempts in 2002 , the year before the war in Iraq began , according to the Army . The figures also show the number of suicides by active-duty troops in 2007 may reach an all-time high when the statistics are finalized in March , Army officials said . The Army lists 89 soldier deaths in 2007 as suicides and is investigating 32 more as possible suicides . Suicide rates already were up in 2006 with 102 deaths , compared with 87 in 2005 . Cameron-Ritchie , the Army psychiatrist , said suicide attempts are usually related to problems with intimate relationships , but they are also related to problems with work , finances and the law . "  The really tough area here is stigma . We know that soldiers do n't want to go seek care . They 're tough , they 're strong , they do n't want to go see a behavioral health-care provider , " Cameron-Ritchie said . Multiple deployments and long deployments appear to exact a toll on relationships , thereby boosting the number of suicide attempts , she said . Traditionally , the suicide rate among military members has been lower than age - and gender-matched civilians . But in recent years the rate has crept up from 12 per 100,000 among the military to 17.5 per 100,000 in 2006 , she said . That 's still less than the civilian figure of about 20 per 100,000 , she said . The "  typical " soldier who commits suicide is a member of an infantry unit who uses a firearm to carry out the act , according to the Army . Post-traumatic stress disorder also may be a factor in suicide attempts , Cameron-Ritchie said , because it can result in broken relationships and often leads to drug and alcohol abuse . "  The real central issue is relationships . Relationships , relationships , relationships , " said U.S. Army Chaplain Lt. Col. Ran Dolinger . "  People look at PTSD , they look at length of deployments ... but it 's that broken relationship that really makes the difference . " To reduce suicides , the Army said it is targeting soldiers who are or have been in Iraq for long periods and teaching them to notice signs that can lead to suicide . That training came too late for Army Specialist Tim Bowman . The 23-year-old killed himself in 2005 after returning from Iraq . "  As my family was preparing for a 2005 Thanksgiving meal , our son Timothy was lying on the floor , slowly bleeding to death from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " said his father , Mike Bowman , in testimony to a House Veterans ' Affairs committee hearing in December . "  His war was now over . " He said veterans return home to find an "  understaffed , under-funded , under-equipped " Veterans Affairs mental health system . "  Many just give up trying , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Average of 5 soldiers per day tried to commit suicide in 2007 , Army figures show Sen. Jim Webb introduces legislation to improve care for soldiers Army psychiatrist says soldiers must overcome stigma of treatment Psychiatrist : "  We know that soldiers do n't want to go seek care "
CNN  -- Police are investigating the gang-rape of a tourist in central India , the latest black eye for the country over violence against women . A Swiss couple was camping near a forest in India 's Datia district when a group of men beat the husband and raped his wife , the district 's deputy superintendent of police , R.S. Prajapati , told CNN . There were between five and seven attackers , he said . The couple arrived in Mumbai on February 3 and were on a cycling tour across the country , said D.K. Arya , deputy inspector general of police . The attackers stole a laptop , 10,000 rupees  US $ 185  and a mobile phone , he said . The victims went to police and the woman was hospitalized and later released . Twenty people have been detained for questioning , Arya said . The couple is staying at a guesthouse in the Datia district while the investigation unfolds , he said . The Swiss ambassador to India , Linus von Castelmur , has spoken with the couple and offered any support they will need . "  Their health and treatment is the priority of the moment , " the ambassador said in a statement . "  The embassy has also been in touch with the local authorities and has requested for swift investigation and for justice to be done . " The attack comes at a time in India when there are calls for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women . In December a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped on a New Dehli bus , spurring protests in India , where most women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations . That woman later died in a Singapore hospital . A panel appointed by India 's home affairs minister as a result of the case criticized Indian attitudes toward sexual assault and called for policy changes , including creating an offense of gang-rape punishable by at least 20 years in prison , making it a crime for police to fail to investigate sexual assault complaints and making it illegal to consider character or previous sexual experience of the victim at a criminal trial . Turkish police identify suspect in U.S. tourist 's death Slaying highlights violence at Mexican tourist hotspot CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Swiss embassy calls for swift investigation Police say a tourist was gang-raped in central India The victim and her husband were camping 20 people have been detained for questioning
CNN  -- Spain 's 2010 World Cup heroes dominate the list of nominees for this year 's FIFA Ballon d'Or , the award given to the world 's best footballer . Barcelona 's Andres Iniesta , the man whose goal beat the Netherlands and handed Spain their first World Cup , is on the list alongside his midfield partner Xavi and star striker David Villa , who found the net five times during the tournament . In all , the reigning World and European champions have seven players in a 23-strong shortlist , Real Madrid pair Iker Casillas and Xabi Alonso , Cesc Fabregas of Arsenal and Barcelona defender Carles Puyol completing the Spanish contingent . The award is a combination of the FIFA World Player of the Year award and the France Football Ballon d'Or trophy , which have previously been run separately . The winner of the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or will be announced in Zurich on January 10 . Argentine superstar Lionel Messi , who won both trophies in 2009 , is one of six Barca players nominated , Daniel Alves of Brazil being their final contender . Real Madrid duo of 2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo and Germany play maker Mesut Ozil , who enhanced his growing reputation with a string of impressive displays during Germany 's run to the semifinals in South Africa , also make the elite list . Another German who shot to stardom during the World Cup is Bayern Munich 's golden boot winner Thomas Mueller , who is nominated with club and national team colleagues Miroslav Klose , who hit four goals in July 's football showpiece , full-back Philipp Lahm and midfield dynamo Bastian Schweinsteiger . Inter Milan 's UEFA Champion 's League triumph has not gone unnoticed among the selectors , with their Dutch talisman Wesley Sneijder included after a hugely successful year which also saw him reach the World Cup final with Netherlands . Inter 's Brazilian duo of right back Maicon and goalkeeper Julio Cesar have also been short listed with Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o . Africa is represented further by Ghanaian Asamoah Gyan after his contribution to the Black Stars ' World Cup quarterfinals appearance , and Ivorian Didier Drogba is on the list after a fine season with English Premier League champions Chelsea . Atletico Madrid striker Diego Forlan is also nominated after a year which saw him win the Europa League with his club and reach the last four of the World Cup with Uruguay . No English players are on the shortlist after a disappointing World Cup for Fabio Capello 's team . The nominees are selected by football experts from FIFA 's Football and Technical and Development Committees . Full list of 23 players nominated for 2010 FIFA Ballon d'Or : Xabi Alonso  Spain  , Daniel Alves  Brazil  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Didier Drogba  Ivory Coast  , Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  , Cesc Fabregas  Spain  , Diego Forlan  Uruguay  , Asamoah Gyan  Ghana  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Julio Cesar  Brazil  , Miroslav Klose  Germany  , Philipp Lahm  Germany  , Maicon  Brazil  , Lionel Messi  Argentina  , Thomas Mueller  Germany  , Mesut Ozil  Germany  , Carles Puyol  Spain  , Arjen Robben  Netherlands  , Bastian Schweinsteiger  Germany  , Wesley Sneijder  Netherlands  , David Villa  Spain  and Xavi  Spain  .	Spain have seven players nominated for the FIFA Ballon d'Or 2009 winner Lionel Messi is on the shortlist with 2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo Barcelona have six players short listed for the award Africa has three nominees for the annual accolade
CNN  -- A man accused of killing eight people in a shooting spree at a North Carolina nursing home is the husband of a woman who worked there , police said Monday . Robert Stewart faces eight counts of first-degree murder in the nursing home shootings . The two may have been separated , said Carthage , North Carolina , Police Chief Chris McKenzie . He did not say if the wife was in the building at the time . The alleged gunman , Robert Stewart , was carrying several weapons , authorities said . Seven patients and a nurse were killed , and three people were wounded , including a visitor and a police officer . All the wounded are expected to survive , McKenzie said . Officer Justin Garner was shot in the leg , McKenzie said . "  As I understand , there were three pellets in his shin , leg and foot , " he said . Garner entered the Pinelake Health and Rehab Center alone with no backup and brought the shooting spree to an end with a single shot , hitting Stewart in the "  chest , upper torso area , " McKenzie said . "  If that 's not heroism , I do n't know what is , " he said . Garner is "  in very good spirits , resting at home , " he added . McKenzie said he did not know the latest on Stewart 's condition . The alleged gunman 's motive remained a mystery . Stewart has not made a public statement nor has an attorney on his behalf . His wife has not issued a statement either . Meanwhile , his ex-wife , Sue Griffin , told CNN affiliate WTVD-TV in Raleigh-Durham , North Carolina , "  He did have some violent tendencies from time to time . " She added that when she heard the news of Sunday 's shooting , "  I could n't believe it -- then I stopped , thought about it and thought , ` It is possible . It 's possible . ' " At a news conference Monday , McKenzie described the shooting spree as "  unimaginable " and "  horrific . " "  Everything that you can possibly imagine that is bad in the world , " he said . "  This does n't happen , but it did . " He described the small town as "  strong , faith-based -- and that faith will get this community through this . " The tragedy draws attention to what McKenzie called the toughest part of training police officers . Officers are told not to wait for backup when there are many lives on the line , he said . "  That 's the hardest thing -- to try to convince them you ca n't wait , you have to go . " If Garner had waited for backup , "  there would have been a lot more people -LSB- killed -RSB- , " McKenzie said . The slain patients ranged in age from 78 to 98 , Moore County District Attorney Maureen Krueger said . A witness told CNN affiliate WRAL-TV in Raleigh-Durham that Stewart was armed with a rifle , a shotgun and other weapons . Jerry Avant Sr. told WRAL that his son , Jerry Avant , a 39-year-old registered nurse , was the employee who was killed in the shooting . He said a doctor told him that his son had been shot more than two dozen times . The elder Avant said the doctor told him his son "  undoubtedly saved a lot of lives . " Watch dad praise his son 's bravery " Stewart faces eight counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony assault on a police officer , and other charges are pending , Krueger said . Carthage is about 60 miles southwest of Raleigh . See map showing Carthage and Raleigh "	NEW : Alleged gunman may have been separated from wife NEW : Lone police officer took down shooter , chief says NEW : Police say they do n't have motive in slayings Eight people shot and killed Sunday at North Carolina nursing home
CNN  -- For classic rocker Tom Petty the waiting is the hardest part after five guitars were stolen from a soundstage where the Heartbreakers were rehearsing for their upcoming U.S. tour . A $ 7,500 reward is being offered for the return of the guitars , including a vintage 1967 Rickenbacker , a 1967 Epiphone and a 1965 Gibson . "  Sometimes people make mistakes , but we 'd like these back , " Petty said on his Twitter account Friday . "  no questions asked . " Police in Culver City , California , are investigating the theft . Both as a solo artist and leader of the Heartbreakers , Petty is one of America 's top recording artists , selling more than 57 million albums , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . The band was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2002 . Among his hits are "  Refugee , " "  American Girl , " "  Free Fallin ' " and "  The Waiting . " The band 's tour is set to start Wednesday in Colorado . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Police are investigating the theft of five guitars Three of them were vintage guitars from the 1960s The band 's tour begins this week Tom Petty was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2002
CNN  -- Selecting a winner for the Nobel Peace Prize is an invidious task because there are so many worthy recipients . There are individuals who put their lives on the line to help others and defuse conflicts as well as organizations which work on a daily basis , and invariably below the radar of media attention , to push a peace agenda . The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons  OPCW  , which is this year 's recipient of the peace prize , is in the latter category . I am thrilled that Ahmet Uzumcu , the Director-General of the OPCW has been awarded the Nobel on behalf of his organization . For years the OPCW has been working to persuade governments to sign up to a treaty outlawing chemical weapons . Known as the Chemical Weapons Convention  CWC  , this treaty which established the OPCW , is the fruit of millions of hours of diplomatic negotiations in the 1980s and early 1990s . Building on earlier treaties , the CWC is one of the most comprehensive international agreements to control armaments . It requires signatories to agree that they will never manufacture or use chemical weapons , nor will they support others in this endeavor . Syria is the latest country , and the 190th , to sign up , somewhat unwillingly , to the treaty . Most countries have acceded to the CWC willingly because they recognized the devastation which chemical weapons will cause . In World War some 1.5 million were injured or killed by chemical weapons . More recently in the 1980s the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq used chemical weapons , including mustard gas and various nerve agents , against Iranian soldiers and Kurdish civilians -- tens of thousands were injured and killed in Iraq and Iran as a result . Some 30,000 Iranian soldiers are still receiving treatment today for chemical weapons related injuries . But undoubtedly , the most shocking incident was the attack by the Iraqis on the Kurdish city of Halabja where some 5,000 were killed and more than that number injured . Families sheltering in cellars to get away from bombs where asphyxiated by nerve gases , chemicals which are heavier than air and which sink to fill any depression in the landscape . Images on our television screens from Syria over the last few months are a reprise of what happened in Kurdistan . Families in Ghouta , on the outskirts of Damascus , and resident in areas controlled by forces opposed to the Syrian government regime , were asleep in their beds when rockets filled with nerve agents fell through bedrooms or landed in the street . Some rockets appear to have discharged their cargo before impact , others on hitting the ground . Videos show glimpse into evidence for Syria intervention The result was predictable . Thousands were affected , many dying without even waking , with others succumbing painfully over the hours that followed as they gasped for breath . How many died ? We do not know for certain . But numbers are being collated in Syria by doctors , activists and lawyers and the tally seems to be well over 1,000 now . Many more were injured and some of these are highly likely to have long term effects , a situation which has to be investigated as a matter of urgency . We know all this from what doctors and others have told us and from the many images uploaded on YouTube . But we also know that it was the nerve gas sarin that caused all this trauma , just one of the many traumas Syrians have faced over the nearly three years of the conflict . We know it was sarin because the OPCW , on behalf of the Secretary General of the U.N. , sent in inspectors to take samples of soil , scrapings from used rockets , and blood samples from people . These samples were tested for the presence of chemical weapons in four of the 22 laboratories which have the necessary expertise and which are part of the OPCW 's network of competent organizations to help it enforce the CWC . The laboratories confirmed that sarin had been used . The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of the chemical weapons Syria has declared it has . The task is formidable because of the civil war in the country . Funding will also have to be found to pay for the work which is additional to the routine policing , fact checking and inspections which the OPCW does on a daily basis to ensure old chemical weapons are destroyed , no more are produced and that the chemical industry continues to make ploughshares rather than weapons of war . The chemical industry , worldwide , supports this activity . So Ahmet Uzumcu in post as Director-General of the OPCW for over two years now , inherited an organization which had a solid reputation for excellent work over the years . But he has done more than simply acknowledge his inheritance and has , and is , steering his band of some 450 employees  from many countries  in a direction which will help guarantee that the attacks on Ghouta will become a thing of the past . We are all much safer because of the OPCW which has done its painstaking work largely unnoticed by the world . No longer ! Well done OPCW . Your award is richly deserved . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alastair Hay .	For years the OPCW has been trying to persuade governments to outlaw chemical weapons , writes Alastair Hay Hay : Most countries have acceded willingly because they recognize the devastation which chemical weapons will cause The OPCW now has the task of overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons We are all much safer because of the OPCW which has done its painstaking work largely unnoticed by the world , he says
CNN  -- Prince Philip received a birthday visit on Monday from his wife , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , as he recovered from abdominal surgery at a London hospital . A Buckingham Palace spokesman said Philip , who turned 92 , was "  comfortable and in good spirits . " The visit lasted about an hour . The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to the hospital on Thursday and is expected to stay there for up to two weeks , according to the palace statement . After that , he likely will convalesce for two months . The surgery took place Friday , the palace said . It went as planned and Philip is "  progressing satisfactorily . " Prince Philip : The man behind the queen Philip left Greece a year after he was born there , following the 1922 overthrow of his uncle King Constantine I. Despite his roots , he has a mixed ancestry and , like his wife , is a great-great-grandchild of Britain 's Queen Victoria . A Royal Navy veteran , he met Elizabeth in 1939 and married her in November 1947 . They have four children . In addition to his royal and military duties , Philip has served as president of the World Wildlife Fund and the International Equestrian Foundation . Philip has had a number of documented health problems in recent years , including treatment for a blocked coronary artery in December 2011 and a hospitalization in June 2012 for a bladder infection . He was admitted again to a hospital -- this time in Scotland -- for treatment of the latter ailment two months later . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Britain 's Prince Philip turned 92 on Monday A palace spokesman said he was doing well after abdominal surgery He 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infections
CNN  -- How do you dispose of Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles ? Call in private industry . The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons announced Friday it has invited chemical disposal firms to let the group know if they 're interested , but added that it 's working on a tight schedule . The request for "  expressions of interest " comes a week after the organization 's executive council asked its director-general to explore "  options for destruction in chemical disposal facilities " of chemicals that Syria has declared . The document lists 19 chemicals . Most of Syria 's declared chemical weapons program includes common industrial chemicals or otherwise chemicals that can safely be rendered harmless or destroyed , the OPCW said . An estimated 1.8 million pounds  800 metric tons  , accounting for a major part of Syria 's stockpile , is to be disposed of commercially at a cost estimated at $ 47 million to $ 54 million , it added . The companies will also destroy the effluent resulting from the "  effective destruction " of higher-priority chemicals . But hurry . The closing date for receipt of an expression of interest is November 29 . A joint OPCW-United Nations team charged with overseeing the destruction of the weapons began inspecting sites in October . The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . The OPCW said it expected that "  the most critical chemicals " would be removed from Syria by the end of 2013 . The U.N. resolution on Syria 's chemical weapons was based on a deal struck between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said at least 1,400 people died in the attack . Syria denied responsibility , blaming rebel forces . In an update last Friday , the OPCW said it had verified that more than 60 % of Syria 's declared unfilled munitions had been destroyed . Syria has committed to destroy all unfilled warheads and bombs by January 31 . It follows its announcement on October 31 that Syria had destroyed all its declared chemical weapons mixing , filling and production facilities and that all of the chemical weapons at inspected sites were under seal . Opposition factions unite The movement on the chemical weapons front came as six opposition fighting factions announced Friday the formation of a new alliance : the Islamic Front . "  This blessed front has been formed with the will of God to fulfill our countrymen 's ambitions in Syria and in accordance with their aspirations and to pave the way for the gradual unification of factions and founding movements , " Ahmed Issa Alsheikh , an official of the group , said in a video statement on Al Jazeera Arabic . The alliance includes tens of thousands of fighters from some of Syria 's most powerful Islamist groups , including Ahrar al-Sham , Suqour al-Sham , the Islamic Army and the Tawhid Brigade . The groups control territory in key areas across Syria and have been fighting forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad along the critical lines of Damascus and Aleppo , among others . "  The Islamic Front will be militarily , politically , and socially independent and its aim will be the complete fall of the Assad regime and the creation of a sovereign Islamic state , " Abu Firas , a spokesman for the Tawhid Brigade , the largest rebel faction in Aleppo , said in an online statement . The announcement diminishes the stature of the Western-backed Free Syrian Army and its leadership abroad , the Syrian National Coalition , as leaders inside the country seek to distance themselves from a command structure criticized for failing to serve the opposition 's needs on the ground . "  This will change and it will increase our numbers and unify our ideology , " said Capt. Islam Alloush , a spokesman for the Islamic Army , an alliance member , in an interview with CNN . "  We are optimistic that this will make us stronger . " The moves come after the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant succeeded as the predominant military force in northern Syria , marginalizing and even fighting Syria 's more moderate factions . ISIS 's largely foreign fighting force poses a threat to cash-strapped rebel groups competing for funding , resources and influence in Syria 's more than two-year civil war . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	Chemical weapons group requests "  expressions of interest " from private industry Slated for destruction : 1.8 million pounds of chemicals A deadline of mid-2014 has been set for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons Six opposition factions announce the formation of a new alliance : the Islamic Front
CNN  -- Many Americans were stunned when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a study last month showing that suicide now kills more Americans than car accidents . But as a primary care doctor , I am not surprised . Over the past decade , the period in which suicide deaths spiked , I have witnessed how the U.S. health care system approaches the treatment of depression . It is outdated and ineffective , and it too often fails at protecting Americans from the consequences of mental illness . With each passing year , the U.S. falls further behind other countries in finding cost-effective ways to care for our citizens ' mental health . On Monday , President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden are holding a conference at the White House aimed at broadening access to mental health care and removing the stigma from seeking treatment . They have their work cut out for them . Depression is a leading cause of disability in the U.S. Most people with depression will see a primary care doctor before they see anyone else . We physicians are supposed to identify depression , help patients get the right treatment , and prevent suicide . But every time I see a patient with depression , I feel my hands are tied . Yes , I can prescribe an antidepressant and adjust the dose , but many depressed patients also need psychotherapy , more intensive medication management , and close follow-up . I can not get them all the treatments they need . In the U.S. , mental health treatment is largely delivered by specialists who are not integrated into primary care clinics . It is reimbursed separately , often with restrictions on the number of visits and at a high cost to patients . The best I can do with a depressed patient who is not responding to initial treatment is to say , "  I can give you a referral , but you need to check with your insurance company to see if it will pay for this . " Often the patients do not follow through -- either because the wait time to see a mental health provider is too long , they can not afford the treatment , or they are simply too depressed to act on the referral . The World Health Organization projects that by 2030 , depression will be the leading cause of disability in the world , with huge economic and social costs . Even some developing countries are surpassing the U.S. in creating innovative and effective ways to deal with this coming tide . The U.S. Mental Health Parity Act , passed in 2010 , requires insurance companies to provide equal coverage for mental health and may improve depression care for Americans . The Affordable Care Act will also expand mental health benefits to 62 million more Americans by including mental health as an Essential Health Benefit and by mandating mental health parity within the health insurance exchanges . However , in light of ongoing state budget and sequestration cuts , mental health services continue to erode . In April , for example , the Democratic governor of Maryland revoked $ 7.2 million in funding for mental health . As shocking as this was to mental health advocates , policymakers across the country -- even in comparatively liberal states like Maryland -- are arguing that in the face of other urgent and competing priorities , strengthening the mental health system is too expensive for states to pursue . But that would n't be true if we consider alternative , more cost-effective delivery models . In a rigorous study in Uganda , which has very scarce resources , researchers trained community members to deliver group interpersonal therapy to depressed men and women in 30 villages . The groups met weekly for four months . During the meetings , participants shared their experiences , and the group leader facilitated support and suggestions for change from other group members . This approach dramatically reduced the percent of people in the study with depression , from 80 % to 28 % , and improved people 's ability to do the things that matter most , such as taking care of their children and themselves , going to work , and socializing . Countries such as Pakistan and India , which have huge populations and many competing economic and social priorities , are also experimenting with task-shifting , in which mental health counseling can be delivered by lay health workers trained to provide scientifically sound counseling with supervision . The benefits go beyond cost reduction . Studies in India show that lay health workers also help people to better accept mental illness and necessary treatments . To be sure , some mental health innovation can also be found in parts of the U.S. Project ECHO , partly funded by the Department of Health and Human Services , is using telephone and Internet technology to link specialists at the University of New Mexico with primary care doctors , community health workers , and health educators in rural parts of the state . Through technology , specialists train and support nonspecialists in treating people with mental illness and addiction , a lethal combination that often leads to suicide . Suicide is the culmination of many complex forces . But it is often preceded by mental illness that could have been treated . The dramatic spike in suicide deaths among Americans is a stark warning to those in charge of the U.S. health care system . If the U.S. ignores the innovation and alternative delivery models that are advancing mental health care in other parts of the world , the cost will continue to be measured in American lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Namratha Kandula .	Namratha Kandula : CDC says suicide kills more Americans than car accidents Depression is leading disability in U.S. , which lags on treatment , she says She says nations like Uganda , Pakistan , India find training community to help is effective Kandula : The U.S. must get ahead of depression epidemic
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have arrested four men in connection with the suicide truck bombing of a Marriott Hotel last month in Islamabad that killed more than 50 people , officials said Friday . More than 50 people died in last month 's attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad . The men appeared Friday before a magistrate in an anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi , police and Pakistan Federal Investigation Agency investigators said . Although they have not been charged , the magistrate is allowing police to hold them for a week while the investigation continues . The magistrate ordered them back to court on October 31 . Authorities have not said how they believe these men are connected to the September 20 bombing . The men -- one of whom is a doctor -- were arrested at different times in different places , authorities said , but gave no additional details . They identified them as : Dr. Muhammad Usman and Tehseen Ulla Jaan , both from Peshawar ; Ilyas Rana Muhammad , from a village near Faiselabad in Pakistan 's Punjab province ; and Hameed Afzal Muhammad , from Toba Taik Singh district , also in Punjab province . In addition to the dozens killed , some 250 people were wounded in the suicide truck attack , which sparked a fire that left the hotel in ruins . The hotel , located near the diplomatic section of Islamabad , had been popular among tourists visiting Pakistan . It was crowded the night of the bombing .	Four arrested on suspicion of involvement " in hotel blast in Pakistani capital More than people died in September 20 attack on Marriott hotel , 250-plus injured Authorities have not said how they believe the men are related to the blast
CNN  -- The media got it wrong when it came to reporting about actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's death , the late Oscar winner 's friend said Wednesday in an exclusive broadcast interview on CNN 's "  New Day . " Not only did the reporting inaccurately depict Hoffman as a man in a death spiral , playwright David Bar Katz said the press also was lax when it came to a National Enquirer story claiming he and Hoffman were lovers . The report , since debunked , was cited in mainstream outlets . "  I do n't know why they did it , " he said of the Enquirer . "  I know that it 's lousy journalism . " Katz sued the Enquirer over the story , reaching a settlement in which the tabloid agreed to fund an award for unpublished playwrights in Hoffman 's memory . Hoffman died of apparent drug overdose February 2 . Katz found his body . On Wednesday , the National Enquirer took out a full-page ad in The New York Times saying it "  made a good faith error by publishing an interview with a person who falsely and convincingly claimed to be Mr. Katz . " The real Katz told "  New Day 's " Chris Cuomo he believes the Enquirer was misled but he was still stunned the publication ran with the story without cross-checking it with other sources -- and that other media outlets picked it up . "  I always knew they made stuff up , but I never knew they made up even having an interview with someone that they never had , and then the degree of seeing how everyone picks it up and , as you just said , treats it like news , " Katz told Cuomo . More broadly , Katz said the media had gotten the narrative wrong when it came to Hoffman 's life and death , saying the well-respected actor was not in a destructive death spiral the night he died . "  I can just say that I think a lot of it has been totally overblown , " he said . "  It gives a false picture of him because he was focused , he was working , he was focused on his family , he was not a partyer , he was not someone that was in a spiral , he was not self-destructive in any way . " "  It 's a clichÃ © that makes it very easy and that people like , but Phil was not that guy , " Katz said . When police were called to the actor 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment , they found him lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Katz declined to talk about what police found in Hoffman 's apartment . But he said the actor had been sober "  most of his adult life " and suffered an unfortunate relapse . He said he hoped Hoffman would be pleased by his efforts to set the story straight but said his friend would as likely have other things on his mind . "  He would more be amused that I spilled ink on my pants and I was on national television and giving me a hard time about that , " Katz said . Hoffman 's will guides son away from Hollywood	NEW : National Enquirer apologizes for story in New York Times ad Tabloid claimed playwright was actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's lover David Bar Katz says he was stunned by the account He will use settlement proceeds to set up an award for playwrights
CNN  -- After eight years as senator from New York , Hillary Clinton is trading places , moving from Congress to the incoming administration . Former President Bill Clinton has been mentioned as a possible replacement for his wife in the Senate . On Monday , President-elect Barack Obama announced that he asked his former rival to be his secretary of state . That means the scramble begins to replace Clinton on Capitol Hill . Among those mentioned to take her seat as New York 's junior senator is her husband , former President Bill Clinton . At a news conference in Chicago , Illinois , on Monday , after Obama announced her selection , Clinton said she wanted to "  thank my fellow New Yorkers who have , for eight years , given me the joy of a job I love with the opportunity to work on issues I care deeply , in a state that I cherish . " Clinton added that "  leaving the Senate is very difficult for me . " The task of choosing a successor falls to David Paterson , New York 's Democratic governor . Whomever he picks would serve for two years , before a special election in November 2010 to decide who fills the last two years of Clinton 's term . Paterson has a strong bench to choose from . There are a number of contenders , including at least eight members of New York 's delegation in the House of Representatives , New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown , Bronx Borough President Adolfo Carrion , Nassau County Executive Thomas Suozzi , Caroline Kennedy , and her cousin , Robert Kennedy Jr. . "  This is not an election . This is not a campaign . It 's a constituency of one . David Paterson . It 's all about what the governor wants to do , " said political analyst Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of The Rothenberg Political Report . "  Paterson has said he would prefer someone from upstate New York , or a woman or an Hispanic candidate , " Rothenberg said . As for some of the more unconventional picks , Rothenberg said Paterson could "  try to make a splash with a big name like Robert Kennedy Jr. " or a "  quirky interesting pick " of someone like Caroline Kennedy , who is not a politician . But some are suggesting the former president should take his wife 's seat . In an op-ed column last week in The Washington Post , journalists Karl Meyer and Shareen Blair Brysac urged Paterson to "  send Bill Clinton to the Senate . " If that happened , Clinton would become the third former president to go from the White House to Capitol Hill . President John Quincy Adams lost his re-election bid in 1828 . Two years later he returned to Washington after winning election as a congressman from his home state of Massachusetts . He served in the House of Representatives until his death in 1848 . President Andrew Johnson also served as a Senator from Tennessee in 1875 , 7 years after the Senate acquitted him of impeachment charges . He died a few months after taking office . Bill Clinton would bring gravitas to the job , and he obviously knows his way around Washington . But some Democratic strategists who used to work for Bill Clinton do n't think the former president would want to go from leader of the free world to being the junior senator from New York . Clinton 's office deferred to Paterson 's office when asked for a comment . In a statement released Monday in which he praised the choice of Hillary Clinton for the nation 's top diplomatic post , Paterson said , "  In order to appoint the best possible candidate to replace Sen. Clinton , I am consulting with a wide variety of individuals from all across New York State . "  I expect to announce Sen. Clinton 's replacement when the position becomes officially vacant , " he said .	Sen. Clinton tapped to be secretary of state in Obama administration New York Gov. Paterson will name Clinton replacement in the Senate Appointed senator will serve two years before special election Caroline Kennedy , Robert Kennedy Jr. among those mentioned
French forces who secured the site of a crashed Air Algerie flight in Mali found one flight recorder but no survivors , French President Francoise Hollande said Friday . Wreckage of the jet was found in a "  disintegrated state " in Mali , he said , making it the third major international aviation disaster in recent days . "  Regrettably , there were no survivors . I share the pain of the families , who are going through terrible hardship , " he said . Hollande said the families of the French nationals aboard the plane -- the largest group from any one nation -- would be welcomed to the Foreign Ministry on Saturday to be given all the latest information . Airline authorities said Flight 5017 was carrying 116 people when it took off early Thursday from Burkina Faso to Algeria . Less than an hour into the flight , the aircraft , an MD-83 , disappeared from radar after changing its flight path because of bad weather , officials said . The one "  black box " recorder found so far is being taken to Gao , Mali , and will be examined as soon as possible , Hollande said . "  What we already know is that the plane 's debris is concentrated in a limited area , " he said . "  But it is still too early to draw any conclusions , they will come in time . There are hypotheses , including weather conditions , but we are not putting any of them aside because we want to find out everything that happened . " The plane 's wreckage was found in Mali 's Gossi region , not very far from the border with Burkina Faso , according to the French President . Turbulent area Radar contact with the plane was lost 50 minutes after takeoff from the Burkina Faso capital of Ouagadougou , authorities said . The jet was supposed to arrive later that day at Houari Boumediene Airport in Algiers . Mali is between the two nations . Though the cause of the crash is unknown , the flight path took the aircraft through a turbulent area hit by regular thunderstorms at this time of year , according to CNN meteorologist Mari Ramos . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the cause of the accident was still unknown but that "  significant storms were active in the area and the crew explicitly had the attention to reroute due to weather before losing contact with aircraft , " according to CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV . Differing accounts continue to emerge of the number and nationalities of people on the plane . Air Algerie said the plane was carrying 110 passengers and six crew members , but Hollande gave a different number . "  My thoughts go to the 118 victims , those close to them and their families , " he said . Hollande said 51 French nations were on board but at a news conference later Friday , broadcast by BFMTV . Fabius put the number at 54 . Fabius said the aim was to bring the victims ' remains as quickly as possible to Gao , so that they can be identified and returned to their home countries . Mamadou Zoungrana told CNN Canadian affiliate CBC that his wife and two sons were on the flight . She had wanted to leave on an earlier flight . "  I did n't want to change the flight , " he said . "  I said it will be OK . Maybe if I canceled . " The plane 's departure country of Burkina Faso had 24 people aboard , the airline said , while Lebanon had eight . The passengers also included six Algerians ; five Canadians ; four Germans ; two from Luxembourg ; and one each from Mali , Cameroon , Belgium , Ukraine , Romania , Nigeria and Egypt , Air Algerie said . Air Algerie said all six crew members were Spanish . The plane belongs to a private Spanish company , Swiftair , but was operated by Air Algerie . Burkina Faso 's Prime Minister Luc Adolphe Tiao said 28 of those aboard were from Burkina Faso , four more than the number stated by the airline . The presidents of the European Commission and European Parliament , Jose Manuel Barroso and Herman Van Rompuy , expressed their "  deepest condolences " to the families of the victims in a joint statement Friday . "  We also wish to express our sympathy and solidarity to the governments of all affected nations , including to the French and Algerian Presidents , " they said . Burkina Faso : No link to our role in Mali The wreckage was located by a helicopter sent by Burkina Faso , Tiao said , according to his government 's website . He also said there was "  no link " between the crash and the mediating role played by Algeria and his own country in the ongoing conflict in northern Mali between government forces , backed up by French troops , and Islamist militants . He said the three countries must work hand in hand to clarify the situation and support the families of the victims . Air Algerie 's crash came less than 24 hours after a twin-engine plane crashed while attempting to land Wednesday in Taiwan 's Penghu Islands , killing 48 of the 58 people on board , and a week after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was downed in Ukraine , killing all 298 people on board . Air Algerie , Algeria 's national airline , flies to 28 countries . Until this week , the deadliest incident in the airline 's history occurred in March 2003 when a domestic flight crashed after takeoff , killing 102 people on board . One person survived . The MD-83 is part of the McDonnell Douglas MD-80 family of twin-engine , single-aisle jets . Opinion : Despite plane crashes , it 's safe to fly Taiwan plane crash kills 48 and injures 10 What to know about commercial passenger plane crashes	French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius puts number of French victims at 54 "  We are ruling nothing out , " French President Francois Hollande says Wreckage found in Mali , not far from border with Burkina Faso The plane disappeared from radar after changing its flight path because of bad weather
Ercis , Turkey  CNN  -- The death toll from the massive earthquake that shook eastern Turkey over the weekend rose to 570 on Friday , up from 535 the day before , but crews have pulled 187 people alive from the rubble , Turkish officials said . In addition , about 2,555 people were injured by the 7.2-magnitude earthquake that struck Sunday , according to the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency . Rescue workers extracted 13-year-old Serhat Tokay from the rubble of an apartment building early Friday , 108 hours after the earthquake struck Ercis , the semi-official Anatolian news agency reported . The child was being treated in a field hospital . Eight hours earlier , crews had rescued 18-year-old Imdat Padak from the wreckage of another building in Ercis , the agency reported . After teams from Azerbaijan retrieved him , Padak was taken to a hospital for initial treatment , and then was airlifted by helicopter to the city of Van . Padak appeared not to have any significant trauma , but was suffering dehydration . He is reported to be a student from the village of Kiziloren and was taking courses while preparing for university entrance exams . Earlier in the week , crews pulled a 2-week-old baby , Azra Karaduman , alive from the debris . There were reports Thursday of a moderate earthquake in the country 's south . A 5.2 earthquake hit about 200 kilometers  125 miles  south of the center of Sunday 's quake , near the border with Iraq , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . Tokay was the latest of several people found alive in the rubble days after Sunday 's quake . On Wednesday , rescuers pulled two people from collapsed buildings . Britain has pledged emergency tents for more than 5,500 people whose homes were destroyed , Home Secretary Theresa May said during a visit to Turkey Thursday . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Yesim Comert , Sarah Jones and Michael Martinez contributed to this story	NEW : The death toll rises to 570 , officials say , with about 2,555 people injured The latest person to be pulled out alive was 13-year-old Serhat Tokay Britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 people
CNN  -- Uruguay beat Ghana in a dramatic penalty shoot out to reach the semifinals of the World Cup where they will face the Netherlands . But Ghana were left to rue a missed penalty in the last minute of extra time on Friday night which denied them the honor of becoming the first African team to reach the semifinals . The penalty was awarded after Ghana 's Dominic Adiyiah had his first shot blocked on the line by Luis Suarez and his follow up effort was kept out out by the Uruguayan striker 's hand . It meant a red card for Suarez , but Asamoah Gyan 's spotkick hit the crossbar to stun Ghana and their supporters in Johannesburg 's Soccer City . In the shootout , Sebastian Abreu coolly chipped Richard Kingson in the Ghana goal for the clinching goal in the penalties to give his side an unassailable 4-2 lead . Ghana were always on the backfoot after John Mensah and Adiyiah had weak efforts saved by Uruguayan goalkeeper Fernando Muslera Maxi Pereira also blazed over for Uruguay but Abreu kept his nerve to put his side through . They will play the Netherlands in the semifinals in Cape Town next Tuesday , but Suarez will miss out after his sending off . The Dutch had upset Brazil 2-1 earlier Friday . Ghana , the only team from Africa to reach the knockout stage , went ahead in first half stoppage time as midfielder Sulley Muntari scored with a superb long-range strike . But Uruguay 's star striker Diego Forlan equalized with a swerving free-kick which deceived Ghana keeper Kingson in the 55th minute . Both teams had opportunities to claim victory in normal time but the match was petering out in extra time until the cruel last-gasp drama . Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez acknowledged his team had been fortunate to go through . "  I am very emotional . We did n't play well , but we have gone through , " he told AFP . "  The players are very strong and have a strong team spirit . We have a little time to prepare for the match against Holland but we are going there to win . " It will be Uruguay 's first World Cup semifinal for 40 years .	Uruguay beat Ghana 4-2 in a penalty shootout to reach World Cup semifinals Sebastian Abreu scores clinching penalty for Uruguay who now play the Netherlands Ghana 's Asamoah Gyan hits crossbar with a penalty in the last minute of extra time Uruguay 's Luis Suarez sent off in conceding penalty and will miss semifinal
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers is "  resting comfortably " in a New York hospital after apparently suffering cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure at a medical clinic Thursday . Her daughter , Melissa Rivers , issued a statement Thursday night after arriving at the hospital following a flight from Los Angeles . "  I want to thank everyone for the overwhelming love and support for my mother . She is resting comfortably and is with our family . We ask that you continue to keep her in your thoughts and prayers , " she said . A law enforcement official told CNN that Rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery . Rivers , 81 , was taken by ambulance in critical condition to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . The clinic address given by a New York Fire Department spokesman is a building that houses an endoscopy clinic where doctors perform minor procedures on patients . The clinic is a mile away from the hospital . "  This morning , Joan Rivers was taken to the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York , where she is being attended to , " hospital spokesman Sid Dinsay said in a statement . "  Her family wants to thank everybody for their outpouring of love and support . We will provide an update on her condition as it becomes available . " Rivers had been scheduled to perform her comedy act at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank , New Jersey , Friday night . Michael Lucas , who was in the audience for Rivers ' show at New York 's Beechman Theater Wednesday night , told CNN that she joked about death . "  She said , ` You know I 'm 81 years old , and I could drop dead at any moment and you would be so lucky because you will have a story to tell your friends for the rest of your life , ' " Lucas said . "  Then she mimicked people talking about what it was like to see her drop dead on stage . " Rivers was in fine form , he said . "  There was no sign  Wednesday  night that she was declining . Her show was over an hour long and she never stumbled or even paused to catch her breath . " In 2013 , Rivers allowed cameras to record a health scare for her and her daughter 's reality show , "  Joan & Melissa : Joan Knows Best ? " Rivers said on the show that doctors found a spot on an X-ray after she had a persistent cough . "  We 're just not going to be sad about this , " Rivers said during the episode . "  We 're gon na do jokes and be up until we know . That 's how I deal with things . I 'm not just gon na sit around the next couple of days and go crazy . " Rivers has been open about her health issues . She was diagnosed with osteoporosis in 2002 after a fall down some stairs left her with broken bones , and she became an advocate for screenings for women . She also admitted to not being as healthy as she could be . "  I try not to be , but I 'm a terrible eater , " she said . "  I wish I could say I eat super-healthy , but I do n't . I love junk food -- it should be its own food group -- so I help my bones with supplements and medicine . " Joan Rivers ` stands behind ' Gaza quotes : ` War is hell " See more comedian content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Tony Marco , Lisa Respers France and Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	NEW : Rivers ' daughter and grandson arrive at hospital after flight from Los Angeles Joan Rivers stopped breath during a procedure at a medical clinic Her reality show documented a health scare last year She has been open about previous health issues
He 's an 82-year-old "  redneck hillbilly from west North Carolina " who 's been scratching an itch to go fast his whole life . Finally , after decades of racing high-performance speed boats and winning world-class endurance car competitions , Preston Henn got his hands on the fastest executive jet on the planet : the G650 . CNN caught up with Henn by cell phone between practice laps at Daytona International Speedway . "  As long as the cars here do n't crank up , we can talk ! " he said . From then on , Henn -- Florida 's flea market kingpin -- sounded like a giddy schoolboy as he told his story about how he put down a $ 1 million deposit in April 2012 to become the first person to buy a Gulfstream G650 -- "  the hottest airplane out there " -- with its distinctive , sweeping , curving wings and its roomy , swanky interior . It made him "  feel like a million dollars , " he said gleefully . For a plane that costs $ 65 million , feeling like $ 1 million might seem like a disappointment . But you get the picture . The jet 's top speed : 704 mph -- nearly the speed of sound -- makes it arguably the world 's fastest civilian aircraft . "  I was just amazed at how quick it took off , " says Henn . "  And then it just went ZOOM -- straight up . I just sat back and drank a glass of wine and enjoyed it . " Henn knows speed . He 's been around the track a time or two -- winning the checkered flag during the '80s at the 24 Hours of Daytona and the 12 Hours event at Florida 's Sebring International Raceway . He does n't compete anymore . But he still travels around the world to race his friends . A super-fast G650 that can fly 8,000 statute miles -- farther than just about any other executive class jet -- might save him a lot of time and hassles . Saving time and avoiding hassles are the main reasons the rich and famous want to fly private . Oprah Winfrey and Bill Gates reportedly each own a Bombardier Global Express . Tom Cruise is said to have a Gulfstream IV . Jackie Chan has an Embraer Legacy 650 . And Jay-Z reportedly received a Bombardier Challenger 850 from his wife , Beyonce , as a Father 's Day gift . But none of these planes can smoke the G650 . Speed aside , it 's got goodies like no other jet in its class . In the cockpit : an infrared night-vision system projects a pilot windshield display , increasing safety during landings . In the cabin : bigger 28-inch-tall windows and a ceiling height of 6-and-a-half feet . "  if you fly from here to Tokyo , you have to fly with two crews , " Henn explains . The G650 has "  a complete crew quarters and restrooms and galley and everything they need . So it 's a different breed of cat from what I 'm used to . " Speed flows through Henn 's family bloodline , dating back to his boyhood in Western North Carolina . His father raced speed boats and cars when he was n't running movie theaters . As an adult in 1963 , Henn bought a drive-in theater of his own in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . During the next half-century , that drive-in grew into the Swap Shop -- an 88-acre flea market and cash cow . Of course , Henn 's not the lone lover of the G650 . Reportedly , the plane has caught Oprah 's eye as well . Also said to be interested are Hollywood media mogul David Geffen , designer Ralph Lauren and financial wizard Warren Buffett . Keep in mind that "  very few celebrities own their own jets , " says Doug Giese of Embraer Executive Jets . Owning a plane is still expensive , even if you 're rich . Giese says most celebs fly private by using brokers or buying memberships in fractional share programs . Brokers New Hampshire-based PJS Private Jet Services Group brokers private jets -- hooking planes up with passengers for a one-time , up-front price . "  Private aviation is becoming more commonplace because there are more programs now , " says PJS CEO Greg Raiff , a 23-year top broker whose business includes several college and professional sports teams . "  Thanks to the Internet , there are now 500 companies that can arrange something for you . " Typically , an aircraft that can fly about 10 passengers round trip from New York City to Los Angeles could cost about $ 54,000 . A smaller jet that seats about seven might cost $ 26,000 round trip from Philadelphia to Austin , Texas . Split the cost among the passengers , and it 's comparable to the price of some luxury cruises -- and a possible option to celebrate an important life-event such as a golden anniversary or a retirement party . Fractional shares Fractional share programs such as NetJet have been around for a while , offering travelers the less expensive option of buying shares of a jet instead of buying the whole thing . Share programs often come with "  jet cards . " Prepay tens of thousands of dollars onto your card in exchange for the convenience of dialing an 800 number and ordering a jet . "  That was a real industry game-changer , " says Raiff . "  It made booking a jet as easy as ordering a pizza . " One downside , says Raiff : You have to pay well in advance . Many jet cards start at a minimum of $ 100,000 , but Delta Private Jets offers a more affordable $ 25,000 card . Give them at least 48 hours notice , and they 'll get you a plane , says DPJ President Cyril Turner . One upside , says Turner : You 're protected against rising prices . "  People can lock in today 's rate even if there are future increases , " Turner says . "  With the cost of Jet A fuel approaching $ 6 a gallon and a burn rate approaching -- depending on the plane type -- 200 gallons an hour , that gets pretty costly . " Delta Private Jets charges about $ 5,000 per hour for jets seating up to eight people . Rates start at $ 9,800 per hour for jets seating up to 14 people . BlackJet offers an even more creative idea : "  semi-private " flying , CNNMoney reports . BlackJet books business class planes from carriers such as JetSelect and sells the seats individually . A BlackJet seat on a Challenger 300 from New York to L.A. might cost around $ 3,500 . CNNMoney : BlackJet offers private jet seats for less Development of the G650 survived a crisis in 2011 , when one of the jets crashed during a takeoff performance test in New Mexico , killing two Gulfstream pilots and two flight test engineers . Federal investigators blamed Gulfstream 's testing process . During the investigation , Gulfstream temporarily shut down its G650 test planes . But 17 months later , the G650 received FAA certification . Now , Gulfstream has more than 200 customers waiting to get their hands on a G650 . So far , only about a half dozen have been delivered to customers . As they roll out , plane spotters are on site , snapping photos and posting them online . "  If you call Gulfstream and ask , ` When can I get a G650 ? ' It 's four or five years off , " says Henn . Unfortunately for Henn , enjoying his G650 wo n't be an option for the time being . Ultimately , he says , he 's a businessman , and the plane is an investment . He leased the jet back to Gulfstream so the company can use it as a demonstration model . "  It 's on its way to China , " Henn says . "  It 's supposedly going to set a round-the-world record . " There 's a hint of disappointment in Henn 's voice , above the sounds of revving engines at the Daytona track . "  Sorry , it 's time to get back to it , " he explains . His Enzo Ferrari is beckoning . "  I 'm going to take my Enzo back out on the track , and then I 'm finished for today , " he says . "  Then I 'm going back to work . "	Aviation fans are excited about the new , super-fast and stylish Gulfstream G650 Oprah , Ralph Lauren , Warren Buffett are said to be interested in the $ 65 million plane Businesses aim to make flying private more affordable Beyonce reportedly gave Jay-Z a Challenger 850 as a present
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Vote-counting in Zimbabwe 's hotly contested election began late Wednesday with President Robert Mugabe and main challenger Morgan Tsvangirai confident of victory . Partial results were expected to come out early Thursday , said Rita Makarau , chairwoman of the Zimbabwe Election Commission , which has until Monday to release full results . Five presidential candidates are in the race including Mugabe and Tsvangirai , the current prime minister . Makarau dismissed allegations from Tsvangirai 's party that the election commission rigged the polls for Mugabe . "  I believe that the election is free and fair , " she told journalists . "  Maybe the reports that will come out will vindicate my view of the election as free and fair . " Opinion : Is Zimbabwe ready for elections ? Mugabe , 89 , has been at the helm since 1980 , the only president the nation has known since it gained independence from Britain . A win would extend his time in office to a potential 38 years . ` Evidence of manipulation ' The vote will end an uneasy coalition government formed after violence broke out when Mugabe claimed victory over Tsvangirai in the last election five years ago . The post-election violence left 200 people dead and thousands more injured , rights groups said . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured Mugabe to form a power-sharing agreement with Tsvangirai and his opposition Movement for Democratic Change . As a result , the two bitter rivals entered into a tense coalition in 2009 . Opposition candidates say they have no confidence in this election , either . Referring to alleged voting manipulation by Mugabe supporters , Tsvangirai 's party , the Movement for Democratic Change , said it was encouraged by a large turnout . "  Zimbabweans , we remain hopeful that the shenanigans were rendered useless by your massive support , " the party said on its Facebook page . Days before the election , Tsvangirai , 61 , said "  there is clear evidence of manipulation " in poll preparations . He said ballot papers cast in his favor during early voting were discovered tossed in a bin . Rights groups accuse the government of intimidating and beating up opposition supporters and interfering with the polls . Mugabe 's party denies the accusations . Mugabe to West : Back off The elections were held under a new constitution endorsed in a March referendum that limits the president to two five-year terms . Mugabe is allowed to seek another term because the rule does not apply retroactively . Last week , he had a few words for critics of the upcoming election , especially the West . "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please , " he said in response to criticisms from the United States on his push for elections without key reforms . About 6.4 million voters in Zimbabwe -- half of the country 's population -- were eligible to cast their ballots , according to the electoral commission . The electoral commission has five days from the close of polling to release results . Mugabe has vowed to step down if he loses . Zimbabwe , seeking election funding , turns to neighboring countries "  You either win or lose , " he said . "  If you lose , then you must surrender to those who have won . If you win , those who have lost then must surrender to those who have won . This is it . We will do so . Yes . Comply with the rules . " And he had a conciliatory message for Tsvangirai . "  I 've got my fair share of criticisms and also dealt back rights and lefts and uppercuts . But that 's the game . Although we boxed each other , with Tsvangirai , it 's not as hostile as before . It 's all over now . We can now shake hands , " he said . ' A historic day for all ' Mugabe and his main opponent voted at different polling stations in Harare . "  Today is a historic day for all to complete the delayed runoff of 2008 , " Tsvangirai said . "  It 's an emotional moment when you see all these people coming to vote . " The prime minister has always maintained the 2008 election was rigged . At the time , the electoral commission said Tsvangirai and party had won , but not by enough to avoid a runoff . He later withdrew from the runoff , saying government loyalists had killed hundreds of his supporters . Citizens say this year 's election is crucial in more ways than one . Despite the setbacks , it provides another shot at democracy . "  We are still a young country ... our democracy is still young , " said Nigel Mugamu , who lives in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare . "  A lot of African countries have changed leadership at least once or twice . We have n't seen a new face . From that perspective , it 's an exciting time . Will this be the moment it will happen ? " Hope after hyperinflation Mugamu said a peaceful election will help boost investment . This is the first poll since Zimbabwe battled hyperinflation that left investors jittery and led many to abandon the country 's currency . In 2009 , the nation introduced a 100 trillion-dollar bill that was worth about $ 300 in U.S. currency . At the time , a loaf of bread cost about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars . The hyperinflation forced traders to insist on international currency to hedge against losses . They preferred the U.S. dollar or South African rand , and most workers demanded their salaries in foreign currency . Despite widespread poverty , the nation has made major strides since then , experts say . "  Zimbabwe has made considerable progress in stabilizing the economy since the end of hyperinflation in 2009 , " the International Monetary Fund said last month . Since then , the nation 's gross domestic product "  has grown by an average of over 7 % and inflation has remained in the low single digits . Government revenues have more than doubled from 16 % of GDP in 2009 to an estimated 36 % of GDP in 2012 , allowing the restoration of basic public services . " And as the nation returns from the brink of a crippled economy , Zimbabweans are hopeful . Linda Mukusha braved long lines and chilly morning weather to cast her vote in Harare . "  I hope Zimbabweans turn out to vote in huge numbers , " she said . "  Whoever wins , the country needs to move forward . " She proudly displayed her inked finger to show she had cast her ballot Journalist Columbus Mavhunga contributed to this report from Harare , and CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Sarah Brown and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Vote-counting begins late Wednesday NEW : Partial results are due early Thursday with full results due by Monday NEW : The head of the election commission says the vote was "  free and fair " President Robert Mugabe 's main challenger is PM Morgan Tsvangirai
London , England  CNN  -- The first double portrait of Britain 's Princes William and Harry went on display Tuesday at the National Portrait Gallery . The painting shows the brothers dressed in their military uniforms , chatting to each other at their home at Clarence House , near Buckingham Palace . It is the first portrait to show William and Harry together , the National Portrait Gallery said . It will now hang in the museum alongside other portraits of the royal family . Artist Nicky Philipps said she was able to capture an informal moment , "  a behind-the-scenes glance at the human element of royal responsibility , and to emphasize their brotherly relationship . " Commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery , the painting shows Prince Harry seated next to Prince William , who is standing to his left . They are wearing the dress uniform of the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry , where they are both lieutenants . William also wears the the star and blue sash of the Order of the Garter , a British order of chivalry , which the queen awarded him in 2008 . William , 27 , is now training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force , where he holds the rank of flight lieutenant . Harry , 25 , who served in Afghanistan , is training to become a pilot with the Army Air Corps . "  The first portrait of the princes captures them formally dressed , but informally posed , " said Sandy Nairne , the museum 's director . "  It is a delightful image which extends the tradition of royal portraiture . " The National Portrait Gallery said it was appropriate that the princes were pictured at Clarence House , which used to be the home of the late Queen Mother . Part of a painting of the Queen Mother is visible above Harry 's shoulder in the portrait , and paintings from her private collection are seen behind William . Philipps , 45 , has had high-profile commissions before , but said it was a "  great privilege " to paint the two princes . "  They were very good company and although I was commissioned to paint them in their official context , I hope I have also captured some of the brotherly banter that characterized the sittings , " she said .	This is the first double portrait of Princes William and Harry Artist Nicky Philipps captured a behind-the-scenes glance of the princes The portrait will hang in London 's National Portrait Gallery
CNN  -- Defense attorneys representing accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev said in a Friday court filing the FBI asked his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , to be an FBI informant and report on the Chechen and Muslim communities in Boston . "  We base this on information from our client 's family and other sources that the FBI made more than one visit to talk with  Tamerlan 's parents  and Tamerlan , questioned Tamerlan about his internet searches , and asked him to be an informant , " the defense motion states . But the same court filing says the government denies the allegation and quotes a March 14 FBI statement that says , " -LSB- T -RSB- he government has no evidence that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was solicited by the government to be an informant . " Defense lawyers sought FBI documents to confirm their allegation and said it 's possible "  Tamerlan misinterpreted the visits and discussions with the FBI as pressure and that they amounted to a stressor that increased his paranoia and distress . " Dzokhar Tsarnaev is scheduled to be tried November 3 . He is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 bombing that left three people dead and more than 250 others injured . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . During a manhunt , Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this story .	Defense lawyers say FBI wanted Tamerlan Tsarnaev to be an informant The government has denied the allegation Dzokhar Tsarnaev is scheduled to be tried November 3
CNN  -- Brazilian starlet Neymar completed his transfer to Barcelona on Monday and swiftly declared that his aim was to help Lionel Messi continue to be the best footballer on the planet . "  Barca are more than a club and a great team and I want to help Messi to continue to be the greatest player in the world , " he was quoted as saying by Barcelona 's official website . The words may be seen as an attempt to dampen speculation as to how the 21-year-old signing from Brazilian side Santos will fare alongside the four-time World Footballer of the Year . Barcelona legend Johann Cruyff recently stoked the debate when stressing a need to learn from the past as he discussed Neymar 's arrival , saying he would not put "  two captains on the same ship . " Despite his widespread reputation as one of the greatest players in footballing history , Messi has not been averse to criticism from some teammates in years gone by . In his 2011 biography , Zlatan Ibrahimovic complained that the end of his Barcelona career began when Messi told then coach Pep Guardiola that he wanted to play centrally , rather than on the wing , so forcing the Swede to play out of position . The striker was an expensive flop after joining in 2009 and the present Barcelona hierarchy will hope that the $ 75 million spent on Neymar will work out far better than the similar amount splashed on Ibrahimovic , who lasted just a year at the club . "  There are big question marks as to how Neymar will fit into the team as there is already one god , or demigod , at Barcelona in Lionel Messi , " Spanish football expert Jimmy Burns told CNN . "  There is potential tension . Cruyff has said in recent days that you can not have two captains but other people are being more generous . "  I think he is going to introduce a necessary element of dynamism to a Barca that showed signs of flagging in the season just past , and who were utterly destroyed by Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals . " Beaten 7-0 over two legs in the semifinals of this year 's competition by the eventual winners , Barcelona can at least reflect on a more than satisfactory league campaign . They reclaimed the title off last year 's champions Real Madrid in convincing fashion , winning La Liga by a record 15 points over their bitter rivals . Barca also registered 32 victories and reached 100 points for the first time in a league campaign following Saturday 's 4-1 defeat of Malaga . "  I 'm very happy to be a Barca player . I 'm very excited , I 've realized a dream . Thank you so much , " said Neymar after walking out into Barcelona 's stadium accompanied by a group of children and the club 's hymn . "  It is an honor to play alongside the best player in the world in Messi . It should be easier to play alongside him because he is the best , " he added later . He was greeted by over 56,000 fans , with the Barcelona website commenting that "  very few players  had  garnered this much attention from the Camp Nou faithful . " The Brazil international , who flew overnight from Rio de Janeiro after playing in Sunday 's 2-2 draw with England , put pen to paper on his contract on Monday after passing a medical . Neymar -- whose full name is Neymar da Silva Junio -- signed a deal that is set to keep him at the club until 2018 . Any suitors potentially interested in luring the Brazilian away will have to stump up a staggering transfer fee after Barcelona announced that his buyout clause is $ 248 million . Barcelona vice president Josep Maria Bartomeu revealed on Monday that Barca had planned to bring in Neymar next year only to have to move the deal forward in light of competition for his signature from Real Madrid and another unnamed club . "  The operation has been made more expensive due to the interest of other clubs that interfered in the signing of Neymar , " he said . "  It was foreseen that Neymar would arrive in 2014 . To bring the move forward , we have had to pay $ 22 million more . " In total , the deal cost Barcelona $ 75 million , with the club having already made a down payment of $ 13 million last year . Neymar himself said he had always targeted a move to Barcelona despite the attempts made by their great rivals Real . "  Real Madrid is a great club and I respect them , but I chose Barca because my heart was with Barca and I am here today , " he explained . "  My family and I have never been moved by money , for me happiness is very important and I am happy at Barca . " The Spanish titleholders and four-time European champions announced the signing of the forward on May 26 .	Neymar signs five-year contract at Barcelona before greeting packed Camp Nou Spanish club say transfer cost of $ 75 million was raised after late interest from Real Madrid Barca had initially intended to sign the forward in 2014
Zhouqu County , China  CNN  -- Chinese soldiers frantically dug through the mud with shovels , even with their bare hands , Tuesday to reach the second story of an apartment building in northwestern Zhouqu County . After 60 hours trapped under mud , Liu Ma Shendeng was alive . The soldiers pulled out the 52-year-old man , a rare moment of joy in a search for survivors in which hope was fast diminishing . The death toll doubled Tuesday to 702 people in massive mudslides triggered Sunday by rain in China 's Gansu province , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Another 1,042 people are still missing . The side of a mountain broke off in the darkness of night and tore through remote Zhouqu , burying many homes and ripping others apart . The path of the mudslide is now covered in three and four stories of rock and mud . Some buildings , including the police department and a primary school , were flattened by the wall of mud . Others toppled over or vanished completely , buried under sludge many feet deep . "  There was a noise like thunder and then it came down from the sky , " said one woman , who did not want to be identified . "  There was no way to escape . " Liu was bedridden and too weak to talk . But he represented a miracle in this place of utter devastation . Thousands of soldiers , policemen , firefighters and medics worked to search for survivors , the sounds of heaving and digging punctuated by the mournful cries of those who realized they have lost their loved ones . In some cases , entire families were buried alive . "  My sons are buried here , " said Wang XuiQing , who stood with his wife , Yang Renhai , on a mound of earth that smothered their two-story home . The couple 's parents were inside along with their two sons . "  What is there to feel ? " Wang said sobbing . Chen Jianhua , an official in Zhouqu , said 218 injured people had been treated at local hospitals , and 41 severely injured survivors had been transferred for treatment in the provincial capital of Lanzhou , according to Xinhua . China 's rainy season started with a vengeance in early May and has brought the worst flooding in a decade . And more rain is forecast in the next few days . Some of the rocks and debris from the mudslide landed in the middle of the Bailong River that snakes through the area . The river overflowed and inundated low-lying neighborhoods . The government has been using explosives to break up the river debris , in an attempt to gradually release the water safely . On land , the dead were wrapped in blankets and carried out on stretchers or planks of wood . Bodies lined the streets and a makeshift morgue where family members came to identify the dead . Even for those who survived the mud , the future looks empty and uncertain . "  Now I have to rely on the government , " said a man who lost his home and several relatives . "  I do n't even have a pair of chopsticks to eat with . " In Washington , China 's disaster elicited sympathy from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  The United States is providing support for the ongoing relief efforts through assistance to the Red Cross Society of China , " she said in a statement . "  To those affected by this tragedy and to all the people of China , we send our heartfelt condolences . "	Soldiers rescued a man trapped for 60 hours under the mud Thousands of rescue teams were searching for more than 1,000 people still missing The mudslides were triggered by heavy rains that have tormented China all summer
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Volunteering with local law enforcement , Shaquille O'Neal has learned from his peers that domestic violence calls are among the most dangerous for police officers . NBA star Shaquille O'Neal praises Karen Earl for her efforts on behalf of domestic abuse victims . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a very disturbing thing , " said the NBA star , who has dealt mainly with children 's cases . "  I do n't really think a lot of women know what to do . " That 's where Karen Earl comes in . As executive director of the Jenesse Center , the oldest domestic violence intervention program in south central Los Angeles , California , Earl is a "  tireless and fearless " champion of women and children living in abusive situations , O'Neal said . The Phoenix Suns center called Earl "  the pillow of women 's society . " For more than two decades , Earl has helped give victims a way out through the Jenesse Center , which provides shelter , education , outreach and legal services to more than 8,500 victims of domestic violence every year . "  Thank God for Miss Earl , " O'Neal said . "  She takes women that have been involved in domestic abuse situations and gives them a place to come rest their head . " According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence , an estimated 1.3 million women are victims of physical assault by an intimate partner each year , and one in four women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime . Earl has heard countless stories of domestic abuse and has seen a range of tipping points before victims seek help . She is working to lower these statistics . She recalled one woman whose husband beat her with an iron ; for another , "  the beatings were standard , but when he sold their refrigerator and she could n't keep her baby 's milk cold anymore , she knew it was time to go . " These women were able to find shelter and support -- and ultimately safety and success -- through the Jenesse Center . "  It is not normal to go to bed afraid , " Earl said . "  And the thing that I know for sure is that there is help . " When Earl began volunteering at the center in 1986 , she said , she often thought of what her own mother went through . "  I remember us having to run out of the house at midnight with sheets wrapped around us . I know the impact it had on my mom , and of course the impact on me and my siblings , " she said . "  I wish there were a place back then , but nobody talked about it . It was just family business ; it was personal . " Watch Earl discuss the center 's mission to heal through art " Today , Earl serves as Jenesse Center 's executive director and calls her work with staff , fundraising and volunteer recruitment "  a 24-hour thing . " The process of healing for victims generally starts with a phone call to the center 's hot line , she said . The center provides counseling and literature and has a 30-day emergency shelter for women and their families . Earl said this emergency period "  is a time of regrouping " and lets the women know that they 're not alone and that they did n't do anything wrong . The center also provides long-term support . "  Women and their children can stay for two years , " Earl said . "  Every able body , every day , gets up and takes classes . And when they 're not taking classes , they 're looking for employment , going through counseling sessions or -LSB- getting -RSB- legal assistance . " For Earl , comprehensive care through a team approach is the key to the center 's success . She said she has seen women at the center earn graduate degrees and become "  full-fledge " professionals -- and that changing lives is what keeps her going . O'Neal said the center helps point women in the right direction and gives them the chance to overcome adversity . "  They 'll help you get an apartment . They 'll help you get a job . They help you get back on your feet and become the beautiful woman that you are . "	O'Neal 's work in law enforcement taught him the serious nature of domestic violence His hero , Karen Earl , runs the Jenesse Center , which aids abuse victims The Los Angeles center helps more than 8,500 victims every year The center gives women a chance to overcome adversity , O'Neal said
New York  CNN  -- Faisal Shahzad , the 30-year-old Pakistani-American suspect in the failed Times Square bombing case , entered pleas of guilty Monday in federal court to all 10 counts he was facing . Shahzad , wearing a white skullcap , gray prison jumpsuit and orange T-shirt , was wearing handcuffs as he was escorted into the courtroom of U.S. District Judge Miriam Cedarbaum . Before entering his pleas , he told the court : "  I want to plead guilty 100 times because unless the United States pulls out of Afghanistan and Iraq , until they stop drone strikes in Somalia , Pakistan and Yemen and stop attacking Muslim lands , we will attack the United States and be out to get them . " Cedarbaum then placed Shahzad under oath and asked him questions about the crime . A law enforcement source told CNN the decision to plead guilty was Shahzad 's . Shahzad is accused of attempting to set off the botched vehicle bomb in Times Square on May 1 . He was arrested two days later while trying to leave the country on a flight from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . Shahzad said he traveled to Waziristan in Pakistan on December 9 with two friends to join the Taliban . He said that during the five days he was there , the Taliban gave him $ 4,000 , which he combined with $ 4,900 of his own money to pay for the materials used in the attack . In a news release , the Justice Department said Shahzad received explosives training from Tehrik-e-Taliban , a militant extremist group in Pakistan . In February , it said , he received approximately $ 5,000 in cash in Massachusetts sent from a co-conspirator in Pakistan who Shahzad believed worked for Tehrik-e-Taliban and he received $ 7,000 more in Ronkonkoma , New York , which was also sent at the co-conspirator 's direction . "  Once I got back to the states , I started working on the plan , " he said . "  Getting together what I needed for the bomb . I rented a place in Bridgeport , Connecticut . That is where I built the bomb , put it in the Pathfinder and drove it to Times Square . " On May 1 , he said , he drove the vehicle into Times Square and ignited the 2.5 - to 5-minute fuses , "  and then I left the car . " The bomb , he said , was in three pieces . "  I consider myself a mujahedeen and a Muslim soldier , " he said . Asked by Cedarbaum whether he understood that children and other innocents might have been among his victims , Shahzad was unapologetic . "  They do n't see the drones killing children in Afghanistan , " he said . "  It 's a war and I 'm a part of it . " Asked whether he understood that his actions represented a crime , he said , "  I would not consider it a crime . ... I 'm aware it 's a crime in the United States , but I do n't care about the law of the United States . " A source familiar with the case told CNN that prosecutors will ask for the maximum sentence on the charges during sentencing , which is scheduled for October 5 . The source said there was no plea deal and no cooperation deal . That means that , despite the fact that Shahzad cooperated with prosecutors for two weeks after his arrest , they will not request any preferential treatment for him . Of the 10 charges , six carry a maximum sentence of life : attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , possession of a firearm in relation to conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , attempted act of terrorism transcending national boundaries , conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , and attempted use of a destructive device in relation to conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism . Because Shahzad pleaded guilty to Count 3 , Count 6 carries a mandatory minimum penalty of life in prison . Counts 7 and 8 -- transportation of an explosive and conspiracy to transport an explosive -- each carry a maximum sentence of 10 years . Counts 9 and 10 -- attempted destruction of property by fire and explosives and conspiracy to destroy property by fire and explosives -- each carries a maximum sentence of 20 years . Shahzad 's arrest heightened concerns about the Pakistani Taliban , who authorities believe directed the Times Square plot . U.S. intelligence officials fear that the Taliban are plotting to strike within the United States and are targeting American interests overseas . CNN 's Julian Cummings , Allan Chernoff , Jeanne Meserve and John King contributed to this report .	Shahzad pleads guilty to all 10 counts 6 of the 10 carry possible life sentences "  I want to plead guilty 100 times , " he said in court Sentencing set for October 5
CNN  -- On his HBO talk show , "  Last Week Tonight , " comedian John Oliver aired a blistering segment about President Obama and the issue of income inequality . Oliver reminded viewers that "  last December , the president made it clear that income inequality " would be a "  big priority , " since in a speech he called it the "  defining challenge of our time . " The segment continued with clips of media pundits saying that the battle against income inequality had finally begun and that an "  all-out assault " on this problem was inevitable . Oliver joked that income inequality had better watch out , since it was going to be "  violently ameliorated " -- or , he explains , it would have been if Democrats had not "  immediately backed down . " Instead of a war on inequality , he said , the issue became another topic that Americans like to avoid  like Japanese internment camps or the time we gave Roberto Benigni an Oscar  . Oliver is on to something important . No matter how many times Democrats bring up the issue , they just ca n't seem to commit to a fight on income inequality . Inequality can be a winning issue Such a retreat is not inevitable . The conventional argument that the U.S. is just a center-right country does n't hold water . In most polls , there is clear evidence of strong support for policies that deal with inequality , such as a higher minimum wage or tax cuts that will stimulate job growth , as well as limits on the tax benefits enjoyed by companies that invest overseas . When asked whether they dislike government , Americans often say yes . But when asked about whether they like specific policies that combat inequality , they also respond favorably . Whenever Republicans have tried to take a big bite out of programs that create some kind of social safety net , like Social Security , they have faced a huge backlash . Just ask former President George W. Bush , who watched his political capital burn away in 2005 when he attempted to privatize Social Security . The Democrats have a strong party tradition during the New Deal and Great Society of making great electoral gains when they focus on these kinds of questions . To be sure , there are some Democrats who have insisted on moving forward with this issue despite the perceived political risks . Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been extremely aggressive in tackling inequality . In a recent trip to West Virginia , Warren excited Democrats when she told them to ask Republicans , "  Who do you work for ? Do you work for those who hire armies of lobbyists and lawyers ? Do you work for the millionaires and billionaires who 've already made it big ? " Early in his administration , President Obama was more determined to move forward with this issue , as was evident with the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and his advocacy of pay equity . Hesitating on inequality issue Yet it also true that Democrats quickly get skittish when bringing up these issues . They have hesitated to make this a central issue for the party , and they have avoided going after Republicans on the topic while branding themselves as the party that will help the middle class regain its mojo . Since calling inequality the "  defining issue of our time " in December , President Obama has consciously backed off even talking about the issue . In June , the Washington Post published a revealing piece documenting how he abandoned the issue despite his bold talk last year . He shifted from talking about the persistence of income inequality that results from our public policies and structure of our economy to a more optimistic trope of offering ways to boost the middle class . "  Both the White House and the Senate agreed that the decline of middle-class incomes was the most serious issues we face in this country , " Sen. Charles Schumer was quoted as saying in the story , "  but the focus had to be on how to get middle-class incomes up , rather than drive other people 's incomes down . " Even when policies are difficult to pass in Congress , at a minimum , a president has the power to keep talking about an issue and try to make it central in the national conversation . This is particularly important with controversial issues like inequality . Yet he has decided not to use the power of the bully pulpit for this purpose . Lacking self-confidence So why is this the case ? The most important is that Democrats as a party lack self-confidence . Ever since the 1970s , they have been a party that often thinks their opponents are winning , even when they are not , and for several decades they have accepted the terms for the debate laid out by the GOP . In 1976 , Jimmy Carter ran as a Democrat who embraced conservative arguments about reforming bureaucracy and balancing the budget , someone who would challenge party stalwarts like organized labor . During his presidency , Bill Clinton , who ran as part of the centrist Democratic Leadership Council , stressed the virtues of free markets and agreed to end the public welfare system that had been created in 1935 . Though Obama started his presidency with the promise to embrace progressive ideals , he has backed away from this kind of outlook and very often toed a centrist line . He has avoided any serious discussion of progressive tax reform that would raise more income from the wealthy , other than his decision to allow the tax cuts on the very wealthiest Americans to expire , or much tougher regulatory actions against Wall Street to prevent the kind of leakage that has been characteristic of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . The original law itself was written in a way that created huge openings for financial institutions to circumvent the regulations . There has been insufficient attention to public investment in new industries that could provide more well-paying jobs . Obama has maintained a tepid relation with unions , usually considered the best bulwark against inequality in the 20th century . Strengthening the bargaining power of workers and protecting union members from fear of being fired has been a failed fight in recent years . Obama , and other presidents , have not stood by the unions . In short , Democrats have been scared to embrace their own tradition . Campaign dollars play a role Democrats have also faced a loaded political process that does n't favor these kinds of policies . The existing campaign finance and lobbying system , which has greatly empowered corporate interests and wealthier Americans , makes it hard to actually fight for policies that reduce inequality . To run their campaigns , Democrats need many millions of dollars from Wall Street and corporate interests that would oppose policies that significantly reduce inequality . Democrats , including Obama , have generally given up on the issue of campaign finance and lobbying reform , and the playing field remains skewed against equality . When the financial crisis happened in 2008 , despite enormous public support for muscular regulatory policies , members of both parties backed down , in part a response to the power of Wall Street . Even today , Democrats might talk about tougher tax policies toward corporations , but such changes are very hard to pass through Congress when they confront the corporate power in Washington . Democrats have not been very successful working with this issue in the modern media environment . Oliver astutely plays clips of Fox News broadcasts that followed Obama 's speech on inequality , showing talking heads and hosts castigating the president for launching "  class warfare . " The kinds of measures that have generally been discussed at this point , such as raising the minimum wage , are a far cry from class warfare . Yet conservatives have been very effective at instantly spreading this message the minute the topic arises . Democrats have not offered and sold an effective response , one that shows that dealing with economic security is not radical at all but very much part of the political tradition . A question for Hillary Clinton When they downplay inequality as an issue , Democrats are making a big political mistake . Hillary Clinton , who is thinking of launching a presidential run , should know this better than anyone . Her most powerful moments in the 2008 primaries came when she appealed to blue-collar Americans who were working hard and not getting ahead . This was the single issue that allowed her to light up on the campaign trail . With some skeptics saying that her ties to Wall Street will compromise her on this issue , Clinton will need to push back -- as she did with a recent speech at the New America Foundation -- and demonstrate that she is a Democrat who will fight for strengthening the middle class . Right now , Democrats should probably take a close look at the agenda put forth by their colleagues in the House . Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi proposed an agenda she would champion for the first 100 days in the unlikely event the Democrats regain control of the House in November . It includes a minimum wage increase , equal pay legislation , cutting special tax breaks for corporations and more . These proposals are a step forward , though they clearly fall short of measures that will be able to truly reverse income inequality . For that , they will need presidential support and a party commitment to follow through . Tackling inequality has always been a way for Democrats to strengthen their political coalition of African-Americans , blue-collar and middle-class workers and wealthier progressives . This is the issue that has always bound the party together . Democrats have a huge opportunity to make gains , given the current agenda of the Republican Party . Despite all the talk of conservative populism , the fact is that Republican economic policies have been biased toward wealthier segments of the population . But if Democrats are going to really move forward with these issues , they will have to avoid the mistakes that have bogged down these efforts in previous years . If they do n't change their ways , the Democratic fight on income inequality will remain a punch line on comedy shows and a rallying cry for Republicans who want to paint Democrats as too far left of center . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	President called inequality the "  defining challenge " of our time but has downplayed it since Julian Zelizer : Democrats have been wary of making the issue their focus He says Warren is right to emphasize it , and it could be a winning issue for Dems Zelizer : When GOP has targeted programs like Social Security , it has suffered
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The opening theme 's the same and the concept 's no different , but "  Arab Idol " is much more than just a popular singing competition . Now in its second season , the Middle Eastern version of "  American Idol " is the feel-good story of the year . At a time when the Arab world is so concerned about conflicts growing and sectarianism increasing , the show has done the near impossible : It 's given the troubled region something to smile about . "  You should vote for , only for music , " a grinning and relaxed Ahmad Jamal says during rehearsal . "  Not for nationality , not for religion , not for political issues , " adds the 25-year-old Egyptian contestant . "  You just vote for music and the one you love , the one you want to be a star . " It 's a sentiment echoed by other contestants when explaining the popularity of the show and how lucky they feel to be a part of it . Take Farah Youssef , for example . The 25-year-old almost did n't make it out of Syria . Her car was caught in the middle of a shootout as she left Damascus to audition in Beirut . Watching her practice before the show , you 'd never guess the amount of stress she 's under . Frankly , she seems quite happy while hitting the high notes . As it turns out , the pressure of performing is nothing compared with how overcome she becomes when she thinks and talks about the civil war back home . "  I see all that stuff happening in my country , " she says . "  It 's kind of devastating . " Her words trail off as she is overcome with emotion . "  I 'm sorry , " she says as she starts to cry . "  The people , they have no future . I thank my God that I 'm here , I 'm building myself up , I 'm trying to be good . I 'm trying to make people love one another again . " Suddenly , as if remembering the healing power of music , she declares , "  And actually I feel like I 'm doing a good job . " Clearly the show 's millions of loyal viewers believe so too , as Youssef has advanced to "  Arab Idol 's " finale , which airs this weekend . But she has stiff competition from fan favorite Mohamad Assaf , also a finalist -- one who 's become a heartthrob and a hero . Making the difficult journey out of Gaza , the 23-year-old Palestinian barely made it to the tryouts in Cairo . When he arrived at a hotel for the tryouts , he was late and had to jump over a wall and evade security to enter the venue . "  There was a man who gave me his number -- who sacrificed his place for my sake when he heard my voice , " Assaf recalls . "  I still ask myself how all this happened . " Nicknamed "  The Rocket , " Assaf 's on a fast track to stardom , but the patriotic Palestinian also wants to inspire his people . "  Anybody who has hope for a better future , and who has dreams and ambitions to make his dreams a reality , will make it , " he says confidently . "  Arab Idol " Executive Producer Alex Meouchy could n't be happier about the effect the show 's having . "  I 'm very proud of the success of the show , " he says . "  I 'm very proud that we were able to achieve something that all of the Arab world was able to unite around . " Broadcast on the MBC1 network , the show 's stellar ratings have increased all season long . "  Arab Idol " is now considered a sensation . On the show , contestants , regardless of their religious or cultural background , sing songs from all over the region . Meouchy explains how the diversity on display has made the show even more popular : "  An Egyptian  contestant  would come and say I want to sing in Lebanese  dialect  , " he says , "  and I want to sing in Gulf dialect and it 's really quite beautiful how ... the unity of the Arab world was shown in the show through the power of songs and entertainment . " This season even featured the show 's first Kurdish contestant , Parwas Hussein . Even the show 's panel of judges , made up of music superstars of the Arab world , prefers to be positive . "  We are the real leader now , " explains head judge Ragheb Alama , known as the "  Elvis of Lebanon . " "  People are talking to us and watching us . You know , today , two  regional  presidents called me and talked to me about this program , about the contestants . " "  You can not imagine how this makes me feel that we are the real medicine , " says Alama , "  the real smile between the sad environments . " Perhaps it 's all summed up best by former Lebanese contestant Ziad Khoury . "  We 're sending a message and unifying the Arab people , " the beaming 25-year-old says . "  A message of happiness and peace . " Here , they 've decided to focus on excellence rather than extremism , to highlight music instead of misery .	Middle Eastern version of "  American Idol " is the feel-good story of the year Performers say they 're lucky to be part of show , talk about its power to bring people together "  I 'm trying to make people love one another again , " Syrian singer says Executive producer 's proud to be part of "  something that all of the Arab world " can unite on
CNN  Dana King 's career used to take her to far-flung places like Rwanda , Kosovo and Afghanistan , where she would report on the latest news as part of her job as a TV journalist . These days however , the Emmy-Award winning reporter spends her time painting watercolors and crafting sculptures in her studio in the Bay Area of San Francisco . After a fruitful career in journalism spanning decades , which saw the 54-year-old anchor CBS Morning News and ABC 's "  Good Morning America Sunday " King decided to go back to her original love -- art . "  I 've always been an artist , it 's always been a part of me , even as a journalist . It 's the way I see things visually , it 's the way I interpret information , " she says . King 's art explores the human form , with her colorful clay sculptures examining the intricate musculature of both male and female shapes . She also produces charcoal drawings and oil paintings , and has created a public sculpture which for a time graced the corner of San Francisco 's Union Square . King sees parallels between her former career and her art : "  I still tell stories . But I tell stories with sculptures and I tell stories with paintings . "  The difference is that a painting or a sculpture will last as long as the material lasts . A television story -- it 's a minute , a minute and a half , two and a half if you 're really lucky , and if you did n't see it when it aired , it 's gone , " she says . Her early work was heavily influenced by the strife and suffering she saw traveling the world as a journalist , and served as an emotional outlet for her to overcome the negative news that surrounded her in her professional life . "  You have to find a way to tell those stories and survive them emotionally , " she says , "  but I do n't have those stories in front of me anymore . Now I can do whatever , I do n't need to do the dark and often ugly as a way of staying okay , " she says . After a lifetime spent in the deadline-driven , fast-paced world of journalism , King says she relishes the time and space afforded to her by her art : "  I like that feeling of not feeling rushed , of not feeling like I have to be in control of the process at all ... and I 'm just really along for the ride . I do n't feel any time constraints . I do n't feel anything pushing me to go from point A to B to C. "	Dana King is an award-winning journalist and former CBS Morning News anchor In 2012 she changed her career and became an artist She sees her art as a continuation of her storytelling
The slow death of American manufacturing and the trend toward outsourcing overseas has made it hard to find American-made goods , but not impossible . A host of small businesses are still dedicated to manufacturing goods in America , and , thanks to a few diligent bloggers , they 're easier than ever to find . "  Buying Made in USA is not just a passing trend . It truly is something we as consumers , business owners and even government can do to support small to mid-size businesses , " said Julie Reiser , president and co-founder of Made in USA Certified , which audits supply chains for businesses that want their products to bear their seal . "  Small businesses are responsible for two out of every three new jobs created in the U.S. . We need these small to mid-size businesses to flourish and grow as they are our innovators , our makers and job creators . Making it in America , supporting U.S. manufacturing and buying American is one thing we can all do today to help keep the American dream alive and well . " Made in USA pop-ups bring together like-minded consumers Here 's a short list of websites and Facebook groups dedicated to helping consumers find products made in the United States , along with a few brands known to manufacture most or a substantial portion of their goods stateside . Read the list and help us grow it by adding your suggestions in the comments . Resources : The Made in America Movement USA Love List American Made Matters A Continuous Lean : The American List Things Made in America made in usa challenge Hickorees : Made in the USA Haute Americana WELL SPENT BuyDirectUSA.com Accessories : - Archival : Bags , apparel , blankets - Arne Mason : Leather carrying cases - Blackbox Case : Wooden laptop cases - Corter Leather and Cloth : Belts , wallets , key chains - Fox River Mills : Socks - Makr Carry Goods : Bags , stools , wallets , belts - NATIVE  X  : Totes , scarves , jewelry , mugs - Pendleton : Blankets and apparel - Pierrepont Hicks : Ties , bowties - Randolph Engineering : Glasses , sunglasses - Summit Creek Dry Goods : Wallets , key chains , belts - Estex Mfg. Co. : Tool sheaths , aprons , buckets , holsters Bags : - Archival Clothing - Duluth Pack - GORUCK - J.W. Hulme - Maptote - Mountain Ridge Gear - Tom Bihn - Tough Traveler Clothes : - All American Clothing - American Apparel - Beverly Hills Basics - Black Halo - C&C California - Emerson Fry - Hanky Panky - Imogene and Willie - Kate Boggiano - Left Field - Pendleton - Pointer Brand - Raleigh Denim - Taylor Stitch - Todd Shelton - UNIS Footwear : - Alden - Allen Edmonds - Capps Shoe Company - Munro Shoes - Oakstreet Bootmakers - Quoddy - Rancourt and Company - Red Wing Heritage line - Russell Moccasin Co. . Headwear : - Bollman Hat Company - Stormy Kromer - Walz Caps - BUZZLINE - Stetson Random : - Audio Research : Audio products - Braun Corporation : Manufacturer of wheelchair lifts and ramps , transit vehicles - Case Knives : Pocket and hunting knives - Colgate : Crib mattresses and pads - Council Tool : Hand tools - CUTCO Cutlery - Edelbrock : Specialty vehicle parts - Excel : Hand dryers - Grado Labs : Headphones and phone cartridges - Heritage General Store : Bicycles - Litespeed Bicycles - Pacific Hospitality Design : Furniture - K'NEX : Children 's toys - Geneva Manufacturing : Modular garage organizing gear - Itsy Bitsy Ritzy Shop : Furniture - Lodge Cast Iron Cookware - MAK Grills - Malpaca : Pillows and bedding - Portland General Store : Grooming products for men - Purrfectplay : Pet toys - Simplicity Vacuums - Sterilite : Plastic Housewares - Steelman Cycles - Stonebridge Upholstery : Furniture - Tervis : Tumblers , drink ware - USA Flag Supply : American , Gadsen , specialty flags - Vandersteen Audio : Speakers - Wholesome Hide : Rawhide dog chews Where do you shop for products made in the United States ? Share your resources in the comments !	NEW : Happy Independence Day ! Buying American-made products is one way to show your stripes Products manufactured in America may seem hard to find , but it 's not impossible CNN commenters provide picks for brands that manufacture in America
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Leveled buildings , fallen trees and massive piles of rubble stretched across wide swaths of the South Thursday after destructive tornadoes and severe storms tore through the region . In all , the death toll from the wave of powerful storms that struck Wednesday and early Thursday was more than 280 people in six states . In Tuscaloosa alone , at least 36 people lost their lives . Officials scrambled to assess the damage . Doctors treated hundreds of injured . And dazed residents wandered the streets , telling harrowing tales of devastation and survival . Employees huddled in a windowless break room at a CVS drug store in Tuscaloosa as a tornado approached and a deafening roar filled the air , store manager Michael Zutell said . A mother cradling an infant sprinted inside just before the twister hit . "  Glass is breaking . The woman with the baby is screaming . Part of the drop ceiling fell and boxes fly in , " he said . No one inside the store was injured , Zutell said . "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away . " Nurse Rachel Mulder said she and her husband rode out the storm in the bathtub of their second-floor apartment in Duncanville , Alabama . After the tornado passed , only their bathroom was standing . "  My husband was walking around , looking for survivors and called me over and said ... ` Come here , someone is dying . ' So I grabbed my first-aid kit and ran down the stairs to try and help her , " she recalled . "  I tried to stop her bleeding and save her , but she was taking her last breath . " Bill Dutton found his mother-in-law 's body hundreds of yards from the site of her Pleasant Grove , Alabama , home , which was swept away down to the foundation . "  The last thing she said on the phone , she was taking shelter in a closet , " he said . Reba Self frantically searched for her mother after a tornado pummelled their home in Ringgold , Georgia . "  I 'm screaming for her , ` Answer me , Mom -- please , Mom , answer me . ' I did n't hear anything . It turns out she had gotten out of the house and walked around to the basement door , and she asked me if I was OK . " Now , they 're trying to make the best of the situation . "  I 'm laughing at her because she 's in the house with a broom , sweeping . I told her , ` Mom , the house is gone , you can put the broom down , ' " Self said . The widespread devastation in areas across the South left residents reeling Thursday . "  It looks like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line , " said Dr. Brian Wilhite , an internist at Druid City Hospital in Tuscaloosa who tended to the wounded . The facility was overrun with hundreds of people who suffered injuries , including head injuries or lacerations , he said . "  It looked more like a Vietnam War site than a hospital , " Wilhite said . "  I know one physician who watched two people die right in front of him . There was nothing he could do . " A video shot from the third floor of the University of Alabama 's basketball coliseum shows a large mass sucking everything into forbidding dark clouds above . Christopher England , who recorded the video , said the tornado looked like a movie scene . "  It was unreal to see something that violent and something that massive , " he said . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox estimated that the destruction spanned a length of five to seven miles , and was a mile wide in some areas . The challenges facing the city were daunting . The mayor said they were short on manpower , materials and equipment . The lifelong resident of Tuscaloosa said the damage was unlike anything he had seen before . "  I do n't know how anyone survived , " he said . CNN 's Wayne Drash , Reynolds Wolf , Mariano Castillo , Matt Cherry and Martin Savidge contributed to this report	Survivors tell harrowing tales of the storm " Witness : "  It looked like an atomic bomb went off in a straight line " Hundreds are killed across the South , and dozens are killed in Tuscaloosa , Alabama "  It 's mind-boggling to think you walked away , " one survivor says
CNN  -- World and Olympic champion sprinter Usain Bolt had to battle hard to win the 100 meters race at the Diamond League meeting in Monaco on Friday . The Jamaican , who will defend three titles at the World Athletics Championships in South Korea starting at the end of next month , was far from top form as he edged out compatriot Nesta Carter . However , the 24-year-old still set his season 's best time of 9.88 seconds despite his poor start to the race , while Carter clocked 9.90 . It was 0.3 s slower than his world record and 0.1 s behind the 2011 leading time by fellow Jamaican Asafa Powell , who heads the series ' point standings . "  I came into the race but did n't execute well . I had to work hard and concentrate , " Bolt told reporters after his final 100m warm-up before the August 27-September 4 world event in Daegu . "  There are some little things to work on . I have time before the world championships and I will continue to do my best . I 'm almost back to 100 % on the final 60m and I 've got to work on the first half . I 'll take it one step at a time and hopefully the next race will be better . " American Michael Rodgers was third in 9.96 ahead of a third Jamaican , Michael Frater , who clocked 10.01 . In the men 's 400m hurdles , Olympic champion Angelo Taylor defeated fellow American Bershawn Jackson while Britain 's David Greene was third . Kenya claimed middle-distance victories as David Rudisha and Silas Kiplagat won the 800m and 1,500 m respectively , while Britain 's Mohammed Farah edged out U.S. runner Bernard Lagat in the 5,000 m. Americans dominated the women 's 200m , with Carmelita Jeter  22.20  heading home world champion Allyson Felix  22.32  and Shalonda Solomon  22.63  while compatriot Bianca Knight was fourth in 22.71 .	Usain Bolt edges out fellow Jamaican Nesta Carter in 100m race in Monaco World champion set his season 's best time of 9.88 seconds despite his poor start He will defend his three titles at the world championships in South Korea U.S. women dominate 200m race with Carmelita Jeter beating world champion Allyson Felix
CNN  -- The battle over the proposed Keystone XL pipeline , which would stretch 1,700 miles through six states , from Alberta , Canada , across the U.S. heartland , and into Texas to Gulf Coast refineries , is intensifying . The final congressional hearing on the $ 7 billion project is scheduled for October 7 in Washington . And the State Department , which has to sign off on the deal because of the international scope of the project , has said a decision is expected before the end of the year . Environmental groups are furious about the pipeline , which would carry at least 700,000 barrels of tar sands oil a day to U.S. refineries , and the plan to run it through sensitive environmental areas . During a two-week protest in front of the White House more than 1,200 people were arrested , including actress Daryl Hannah and leading NASA climate scientist James Hansen . Veteran activist Bill McKibben , with the group Tar Sands Action , was the main organizer of the civil disobedience campaign or sit-in , which ended this weekend . The group wanted to send a message to President Barack Obama because the project also needs a presidential permit to move ahead . "  There are two basic problems here . One they want to run a 1,700-mile pipe and they 're going to run it through some of the most sensitive land in this country : The Ogallala Aquifer  which provides drinking water for 20 million people  in the middle of the country , " McKibben said . McKibben thinks the second problem may be the bigger issue . "  Even if you can get all that oil to Texas without spilling it , what you 've done is open up a huge pipeline into the second-largest pool of carbon on Earth , after the Saudi oil fields . " He quotes leading scientists as saying if oil companies tap this huge pool of tar sands in a big way , "  it is essentially game over for the climate . " The oil industry disputes this . And the State Department concluded in a final environmental review on August 26 that the pipeline would have no significant impact . "  There would be no significant impacts to most resources along the proposed pipeline corridor , " Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs Assistant Secretary Kerri-Ann Jones told reporters on August 27 . A spokeswoman for the American Petroleum Institute , Sabrina Fang , says TransCanada is going to develop the pipeline , whether the U.S. is involved or not and that China is poised to get involved in exporting the oil if the U.S. does n't . Fang says she thinks the protesters are really protesting against jobs . She points to the flat Labor Department jobs report for August and the nation 's 9.1 % unemployment rate last month . "  This pipeline can create 20,000 jobs , almost immediately . So we are very much for this pipeline . We think it 's great for the American economy 'cause it will create jobs and it 's also good for energy security . " Later this month McKibben says more civil disobedience actions are planned in Canada on Parliament Hill in Ottawa . He also says they 're planning another big protest in Washington on October 7 , the day of the final hearing . The pipeline would draw from oil sands deposits in Canada and pass through Montana , South Dakota , Nebraska , Oklahoma and Texas , with construction on an existing pipeline in Kansas . It is estimated to cost $ 7 billion .	Environmental groups say dangerous pipeline would go through sensitive land It would bring oil from Canada 's tar sands to Texas 2-week sit-in in front of White House ended this weekend State Department says it will decide by end of the year
CNN  -- Mychal Bell , a black teenager accused of beating a white classmate and who was the last of the "  Jena 6 " behind bars , was released from custody Thursday after a juvenile court judge set his bail at $ 45,000 . Supporters surround Mychal Bell on Thursday after his release at the LaSalle Parish courthouse . Bell 's release followed an announcement from LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters , who said he would not appeal a higher court 's decision moving Bell 's case to juvenile court . Wearing a blue striped golf shirt and jeans , Bell walked out of the LaSalle Parish courthouse a week after an estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators marched through Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- to protest local authorities ' handling of the teens ' case . "  We do not condone violence of any kind , but we ask that people be given a fair and even chance at the bar of justice , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said outside the courthouse . "  Tonight , Mychal can go home , but Mychal is not out of the juvenile process . He goes home because a lot of people left their home and stood up for him , " he said . "  Let America know -- we are not fighting for the right to fight in school . We 're not fighting for the right for kids to beat each other . We 're fighting to say that there must be one level of justice for everybody . And you can not have adult attempted murder for some , and a fine for others , and call that equal protection under the law . Two wrongs do n't make one civil right . " Demonstrators at last week 's march were protesting how authorities handled the cases of Bell and five other teens accused of beating fellow student Justin Barker . Many said they were angry that the students , dubbed the Jena 6 , were being treated more harshly than three white students who hung nooses from an oak tree on Jena High School property . The white students were suspended from school but did not face criminal charges . The protesters said they should have been charged with a hate crime . Bell 's attorney Lewis Scott said the teen was moved from jail to a juvenile facility earlier Thursday . Walters said his decision not to appeal was based on what he believed was best for the victim in the case . "  While I believe that a review would have merit ... I believe it is in the best interest of the victim and his family not to delay this matter any further and move it to its conclusion , " Walters told reporters . Watch the Rev. Al Sharpton discuss the teen 's release " He said last week 's march , which included Sharpton and Martin Luther King III , did not influence his decision . Bell , now 17 , was the only one of the Jena 6 behind bars . His bond previously was set at $ 90,000 . A district judge earlier this month tossed out Bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court . The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal in Lake Charles , Louisiana , did the same with Bell 's battery conviction in mid-September . Prosecutors originally charged all six black students accused of being involved in beating Barker with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy . Walters reduced charges against at least four of them -- Bell , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones and Theo Shaw -- to battery and conspiracy . Bryant Purvis awaits arraignment . Charges against Jesse Ray Beard , who was 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Wednesday , Gov. Kathleen Blanco announced that Louisiana State Police officers will protect the families of the Jena 6 and investigate any threats they have received . A white supremacist Web site posted the names and addresses of the six black teens after last week 's march , calling on followers to "  let them know justice is coming . " Thursday , the FBI said it had been made aware of allegations of threats . "  Threats are taken seriously , and as these investigations are ongoing we can not comment further , " said Sheila Thorne of the FBI 's office in New Orleans , Louisiana . The December 4 attack on Barker came after months of racial tension , including at least two instances of fighting in the town , sparked originally when three white teens hung the nooses . Walters has said there was no direct link between the hanging of the nooses and the schoolyard attack , and defended the prosecutions ahead of last Thursday 's peaceful march . Blanco defended the prosecutor Wednesday , saying , "  He has a solid record and is highly respected among his peers . " Walters also addressed the stress and notoriety the town has been subjected to , saying the only way he and other residents "  have been able to endure the trauma that has been thrust upon us is through the prayers of the Christian people who have sent them up in this community . " He also suggested that some kind of "  disaster " was averted when thousands of marchers came to Jena last week . "  I firmly believe and am confident of the fact that had it not been for the direct intervention of the Lord Jesus Christ last Thursday , a disaster would have happened , " Walters said . "  The Lord Jesus Christ put his influence on those people , and they responded accordingly , " he said , without explaining exactly what he meant . Soon after the district attorney spoke , a local reverend took issue with his comments . "  Obviously , we are serving two different gods here , " the Rev. Donald Sidley said . "  My Bible says that we should do -- we should be loving , love your neighbor as yourself . "  For him to try and separate the community like he is and then using Christ Jesus to influence the people that Jesus is working on their side , well , that 's -- that 's absurd . ... God is god of the human race , " said Sidley , of the New Evergreen Church . E-mail to a friend	Bell released from custody after juvenile court judge sets bail at $ 45,000 Prosecutor wo n't appeal ruling in Bell case Bell and five other black teens are accused of beating white student Justin Barker Beating followed white students hanging nooses from a tree on school grounds
Editor 's note : CNN has asked its journalists across the country to offer their thoughts on how the economic crisis is affecting their cities . In this installment , All Platform Journalist John Couwels reports from Orlando , Florida . Walt Disney World in Orlando , Florida , has announced that it will lay off employees . ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Orlando : What first comes to mind ? Walt Disney World or Universal resorts , perhaps ? The two parks are the nation 's biggest tourist draws . As a new resident of Orlando , I find that the tourist areas are more removed from the city than I thought . Still , some people in the area where I currently live either work or have business dealings at tourist attractions . As with every city in the United States , Orlando is dealing with the fallout of an economic slowdown . Tourism officials expect an 8 percent to 10 percent drop in tourism dollars for 2009 . Nonetheless , during a recent visit to Disney 's Magic Kingdom with my family , I experienced a packed park . My first visit in 10 years : The park did not seem any different except for the $ 129 I paid for a six-month Florida resident pass . Disney World recently announced a major loss in income and that layoffs are expected . Sources within Disney say the layoffs could begin this week . Disney will not say how many people will be eliminated while it restructures and consolidates operations . I have not heard panic among businesses and city officials over the Disney announcement , despite the fact Disney World says it is the biggest single-site employer in the United States with 62,000 . Disney spokesman Mike Griffin said : "  We are bigger than the Pentagon . " Disney told me cuts would be significant , affecting back office workers . Griffin said guests visiting the parks would not see any difference . Danielle Courtney , spokeswoman of the Orange County Convention and Visitors Bureau , said she was sure that "  Disney will provide a value experience for their guests . " But she said Disney is doing what every other business is doing : cutting costs . Orlando 's economic and development director , Bill Billingsley , said the city has not lost a significant amount of jobs . Billingsley is concerned about the Disney layoffs but optimistic on the limited effect on the city 's economic health . From the big corporations to the funky little tea and sandwich shop east of downtown , businesses are feeling the pinch . The owner of Pom Pom 's Teahouse and Sandwicheria was telling my friend how she had to cut everyone 's hours to part time to save on expenses . The store has been open since 2006 . Owner Pom Moongauklang , a trained pastry chef , told me she 's doing whatever it takes to stay open . Pom cut her four employees ' hours instead of their jobs , lowered prices and extended hours to 24 hours on the weekends . Pom said of the 60 - to 70-hour work week : "  It 's killing me , but it 's working . " Along the epicenter of tourist hotels , restaurants and T-shirt shops , International Drive business owners say they are hurting . Aby Aly , owner of a gift shop selling goods from T-shirts to plush dolls , said that "  business is off by 35 percent , and people are not buying . " As I drive around town , I do not see a large number of closed-down stores . Like other cities , Orlando has seen big national chain closures like Linen-N-Things and Circuit City . Yet at two of the area 's outlet malls , you would never know there is an economic crisis . I waited 10 minutes in line to enter the parking lot . In the suburbs where foreclosures are their highest , more businesses have closed their doors . As I looked for a house to rent I was surprised how a one-bedroom condo in downtown was the same price as a four-bedroom house only five miles away . Real estate agent Sue Bee Laginess said the city has a glut of homes and condominiums for sale or rent . She said her office has seen business double from four months ago because of the low prices . The agent said owners have either lowered prices , been foreclosed on or are selling the house for the amount owed to the bank . For one store in my new quaint neighborhood of College Park , business has never been better : Top Drawer Consignments . Fred Rodgers , a former Disney designer and one of the store 's owners , said "  the tough economy is helping us . " Shoppers say they save money buying used furniture . Yet College Park has not been immune from the economic crisis ; real estate offices and gift shops have closed there , too . Despite the downturn , Orlando officials believe their city has fared better than most . Orlando 's economic development director told me Orlando is building a medical city that will add 10,000 jobs in the coming years . Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer will give his State of Orlando speech Wednesday , the same week the area 's biggest employer could begin layoffs .	Resort mecca Orlando , Florida , feels the pinch of economic slowdown Disney World reports it will have to lay off employees Consignment store bucks trend ; business good there City officials say upcoming medical development will add 10,000 jobs
CNN  -- Laura Pollan , a founder of one of Cuba 's leading dissident groups , died Friday , her daughter said . Pollan suffered a heart attack and died at Calixto Garcia Hospital in Havana , Laura Maria Pollan told CNN en Espanol . The founder of Cuba 's Ladies in White had been hospitalized several days ago because of a respiratory complication . Yoani Sanchez , a Cuban blogger , told CNN that some of Pollan 's relatives , friends and fellow dissidents had gathered outside of the hospital . The Ladies in White , an opposition group , formed after the Cuban government cracked down on dissidents in 2003 . Among the activists arrested then was Hector Maseda Gutierrez , Pollan 's husband . He was freed in February . Members of the Ladies in White dress in white , carry flowers and march to demand the release of political prisoners -- many of whom are relatives and friends of the women . CNN 's Carloo Perez contributed to this report .	Laura Pollan suffered a heart attack , her daughter says She died at the Calixto Garcia Hospital in Havana The Ladies in White demand the release of political prisoners
CNN  -- Dimitar Berbatov scored a stunning hat-trick as Manchester United recovered from throwing away a two-goal lead to defeat Liverpool 3-2 in a thrilling English Premier League game at Old Trafford . The Bulgarian striker rose above the visiting defence with six minutes remaining to secure the three points after Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had scored twice in six second-half minutes to haul his side back into the game . Berabatov had put United ahead with a header from a corner just before the interval and doubled the home side 's advantage on the hour mark with a piece of brilliance -- bringing down a cross from Nani before executing a superb overhead volley that found the net via the underside of the crossbar . But Liverpool came back into the game just five minutes later , Gerrard scoring from the penalty spot after Fernando Torres had been fouled in the area by Johnny Evans . And the comeback looked to be complete when Gerrard netted from a direct free-kick that went straight through the Manchester United defensive wall . United threw away a two-goal lead at Everton last weekend and they looked to be heading the same way until Berbatov intervened to become the first Manchester United player since Stan Pearson in 1946 to score a hat-trick against Liverpool . The result puts United joint second with Arsenal in the table on 11 points , although the London side are ahead on goal difference . However , both those teams are four points behind champions Chelsea , who maintained their 100 per cent start to the season with a 4-0 home victory over newly-promoted Blackpool . All the goals came in the first half as Carlo Ancelotti 's side ran riot . Salomon Kalou opened the scoring within two minutes after he was left unmarked at the far post from a corner . Florent Malouda tapped home the second , after Didier Drogba had beaten the visitors offside trap , and Drogba himself added a third with a deflected shot . Malouda added his second just before half-time but Blackpool 's defence held firm after the break and Chelsea were unable to add to an impressive record of 21 goals in their opening five matches . Defending champions Chelsea lead the way with a maximum 12 points from four games and they will be expected to increase their lead to four points later on Sunday when they entertain newly-promoted Blackpool . In the day 's other match , Argentine striker Carlos Tevez scored one and created the other goal as Manchester City moved into fourth place in the table with a 2-0 win at struggling Wigan . Tevez opened the scoring before half-time when he took advantage of a poor header from Mohamed Diame to lob the ball over goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi . And more defensive uncertainty from the home side resulted in Tevez clipping over a cross for Yaya Toure to score his first City goal from close range .	Dimitar Berbatov scores a hat-trick as Manchester United beat Liverpool 3-2 The Bulgarian heads home a late winner after Liverpool had fought back from 2-0 down Steven Gerrard scored both Liverpool 's goal in a thrilling Old Trafford encounter Chelsea remain 100 per cent after five games following a 4-0 home win over Blackpool
He does n't trust Iran , vows it wo n't get nuclear weapons , and believes past rhetoric by its leaders threatening annihilation of Israel is unacceptable and kind of insane . So why is Secretary of State John Kerry so adamant about getting time to try to negotiate an agreement that would further curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions in exchange for lifting crippling economic sanctions ? The former Senator spent 2 1/2 hours at a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing on Tuesday defending the international negotiations last month that brought an interim deal with Iran intended to lead to a comprehensive agreement after six months . Facing skeptical legislators from both parties , Kerry tried to assure them that he shares their mistrust of Iran while asking that they halt the drive for new sanctions for now to give negotiations , which also involve the other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany , a chance to succeed . He bristled when yet another GOP legislator , Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina , described the U.S. position as giving Iran the benefit of the doubt by not requiring the dismantling of all centrifuges needed to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons . "  I sat here and said we 're skeptical . I sat here and said they 've got to prove it , " Kerry responded , adding "  there 's no benefit of any doubt here . " His takeaway message borrowed from former President Ronald Reagan 's "  trust but verify " guideline for a weapons deal with the Soviet Union , but Kerry modified it to reflect the lack of trust in Tehran 's intentions . "  Test and verify , " he said repeatedly in describing restrictions on Iran 's program in the interim agreement , as well as the necessary monitoring and testing for a final agreement acceptable to President Barack Obama that would ensure Iran would be unable to develop nukes . A bipartisan group of Senators is working on new sanctions legislation and the House may consider a similar measure , prompted by concern that the interim agreement eased some sanctions without achieving the goal of ridding Iran of its centrifuges and other technology needed to build a nuclear bomb . However , the interim deal reached last month in Geneva prohibits new sanctions , and Kerry argued Tuesday that such a step was unnecessary at this point . "  They know that if they fail , sanctions will be increased , " Kerry said of Iran . "  We 've said it a hundred times and you all have said it a hundred times and they know you 're yearning to go do it but you do n't need to do it . It is actually gratuitous in the context of this situation because you can do it in a week if you need to when we say , ` this ai n't working , we need your help , ' and believe me we 'll be prepared to do that . " On Middle East visit , Kerry sees hope of progress for Iran , Israel After Kerry 's remarks Tuesday , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee said the panel would hold off on considering new sanctions legislation for now . The statement by Democratic Sen. Tim Johnson of South Dakota left open the possibility of Senate leaders taking up the bill without having it go through the committee . Earlier , Kerry declared that "  Iran will not acquire a nuclear weapon , " calling the stance the centerpiece of President Barack Obama 's foreign policy . The interim agreement eases some $ 7 billion in economic sanctions in return for limiting aspects of Iran 's nuclear program , Kerry told the committee . Israel opposes that deal because it allows Iran -- a longtime enemy of the Jewish state -- to continue enriching uranium needed to develop nuclear weapons . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has made clear that Israel would attack Iran 's nuclear facilities if it felt threatened , and the negotiations are considered an effort to avoid a possible military confrontation in the volatile Middle East . In Congress , legislators from both parties agree that tougher measures are needed . "  We are facing an immoral and very dangerous regime in Iran , one nearing a nuclear weapon , " Rep. Ed Royce , the House Foreign Affairs Committee 's Republican chairman , said at Tuesday 's hearing . "  I am hard pressed to understand why we 'd be letting up sanctions pressure at the very time its economy is on the ropes without getting an agreement which stops its centrifuges from spinning . " Others used more graphic language , with GOP Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama comparing Iran 's threats against Israel to Nazi Germany . "  What can you say to Israel and the rest of our allies in the Middle East to convince them that America is still a reliable ally , that America will enforce agreements with Iran or else , and that America is not ignoring history and repeating the 1930s Neville Chamberlain-like pattern of appeasement and retreat that helped trigger World War II and the death of tens of millions of people around the world ? " Brooks asked . Kerry responded by "  condemning in the strongest language possible those expressions of hate and of , you know , sheer and utter insanity , almost , asking for a country to be wiped off the face of the map . " "  That language is the most abhorrent kind of language you can find in any discourse of public life , " he said . "  It has no place in a reasonable world . It 's unacceptable , and we should never hear that kind of language again . " Iranian officials have long said the country 's nuclear intentions were peaceful . They also warned any new sanctions would scuttle the interim agreement , noting that language in the document specifies no new ones can occur . Obama said over the weekend that he would accept a peaceful nuclear program in Iran , including modest uranium enrichment . However , Royce said the key issue is whether an eventual final agreement negotiated on the world stage with Iran would permit it to "  manufacture nuclear fuel . " "  Unfortunately , the interim agreement raises some questions about this , " he said . "  My concern is that we may have bargained away our fundamental position , which is enshrined in six U.N. Security Council Resolutions -- and that fundamental agreement is that Iran should not be enriching and reprocessing . We may bargain that away for a false confidence that we can effectively check Iran 's " misuse of the nuclear weapons technologies . GOP Rep. Matt Salmon of Arizona said the Iranians "  can get all the nuclear material they need for power by purchasing it from other countries , " adding that "  they do n't need to enrich it themselves . " Kerry stopped short of declaring a final agreement with Iran would prevent any uranium enrichment capability for Tehran , saying such details must be worked out . He noted that the interim agreement reached last month requires full consensus on such matters . To legislators calling for more sanctions , Kerry said economic strictures alone had failed to prevent Iran from expanding its centrifuges in recent years as it made progress toward developing a nuclear weapon . "  The issue here is what are we going to do about it so we do n't have a sudden breakout , " he said , adding that the interim agreement is a step toward that . "  In order to weaponize , you have to have highly enriched uranium . Under the agreement , they ca n't have highly enriched uranium . " Royce , though , noted that Iran has "  a history of deceiving the international community about its nuclear program , and is pursuing a ballistic missile program in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolutions , " adding that it "  simply ca n't be trusted with enrichment technology , because verification efforts can never be foolproof . "	"  We 're skeptical , " Kerry says of Iran 's intentions A GOP legislator compares Iranian threats against Israel to Hitler Legislators question interim deal on Iran nukes Some lawmakers pushing for new round of sanctions to force Tehran 's hand
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , who was political director for President Reagan , is a Republican strategist who was national chairman of former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's 2008 presidential campaign . Ron Silver , seen in a 2006 photo , was an actor with a strong interest in justice and peace , Ed Rollins says . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The lights on Broadway were dimmed Wednesday night to honor Ron Silver , the Tony-award winning actor who was buried Wednesday after a courageous battle against cancer of the esophagus . Ron was a lifelong social liberal and a Democratic activist , but you could n't narrowly define him . And to those of us privileged to be his friend , he was an extraordinary pal . In the 25 years we were friends , he and I faced off most of that time on opposite sides of the political spectrum . In this era when people want bipartisanship , Ron was the role model . Our earliest encounters began when I was managing Ronald Reagan 's campaign and he was a Dukakis supporter . He was passionate and a true intellectual . I have spent much of my life around smart people  fortunately a lot smarter than I  and Ron was one of the smartest . Whatever the topic , he had an opinion on it and probably had just read a book or two on the subject . Ron was a Chinese and international relations scholar and had no casual thoughts , only deep convictions . He backed up his opinions with empirical evidence and could rattle off facts like a baseball statistician . "  Eddie , why do you think that way ? "  Only my mother and wife have called me Eddie .  "  Why would a smart man like you ever come to that conclusion ? " And then we would proceed to discuss the topic for hours . I do n't think we ever changed each other 's opinions , but after a bottle or two of wine or a bottle of Scotch had been emptied , we still respected each other . We never had a cross word and no discussion ever ended in anger . After a while I learned it was n't personal and it was n't because I was Republican . Ron argued with everyone -- even those on his side in an issue -- because he had great curiosity and always wanted to know more . The closest we ever came to harsh words was when I teased him on his Emmy nomination for a recurring role as a slick campaign strategist on the TV show "  The West Wing . " "  You would have won if you asked me how to play the part , " I declared . "  After all you 're just an actor . I am the real thing . I worked in the real West Wing and I managed a real campaign that won 49 states , " He quickly replied with a big grin : "  Why the hell would I want the input of a guy who lost Minnesota -LSB- the only state Reagan lost -RSB- ? And remember , you only won because you had an actor named Ron making you look good ! " Our discussions often ended in laughter . Because for Ron , politics was serious but it was also fun . I do n't think he enjoyed anything more than a great political debate . To Ron , debate was an educational experience . To those of us on the opposite side it was like a combat sport . Several years ago , I was approached by one of the planners for the 2004 Republican Convention in New York . He wanted to know if I could recommend any movie or entertainment stars who would be willing to participate in the convention . Since the passing of the Reagan era , Republicans have n't had a long list of entertainers to choose from . From our discussions , I knew that Ron supported President Bush 's battle against Islamic terrorism and the war in Iraq and he had been profoundly affected by 9/11 . I asked him would he be willing to participate if asked . He said yes , but emphatically stated he was remaining a Democrat . But he also knew that when he publicly supported Bush on the war , it would affect his long relationships in Hollywood and could cost him future work . Ron 's Monday night convention speech was short , less than five minutes and only 429 words in length . It was n't covered by any of the major networks , but it was still one of the best of the night . When he stated : "  I am grateful for the chance to speak tonight to express my support for our commander-in-chief , for our brave troops and for the vital cause which they have undertaken , " his career as a major Hollywood player was over . Even though he had been a president of both the Actor 's Equity Guild and the Creative Coalition that he co-founded , he challenged the entertainment industry with these spoken words : "  Even though I am a well-recognized liberal on many issues confronting our society today , I find it ironic that many human rights advocates and outspoken members of my own entertainment community are often on the front lines to protest repression , for which I applaud them , but they are usually the first ones to oppose any use of force to take care of these horrors that they catalog repeatedly . " Ron was disappointed when he did lose future work and even a few "  so-called Hollywood friends , " but not surprised . But he said what he believed and never regretted doing it . Ron was always determined to give back something to his country and New York , the city where he , his parents , grandparents and great grandparents were born and loved . Whether he was fighting for the cause of Israel or social justice for the poor or for more funding for the National Endowment for the Arts or AIDS research , he was passionate about his causes . Even though he was close to death , he attended President Obama 's inauguration because he thought it was a great day for the country and he did n't want to miss it . And just a few weeks ago while still undergoing chemotherapy , Ron attended the latest board of directors meeting in Washington of The United States Institute of Peace . The Peace Institute is an independent , nonpartisan institution established and funded by Congress whose 12 members are appointed by the president . The organizational goals are to help prevent and resolve violent international conflicts . Ron was appointed in 2007 and was confirmed by the Senate for a four-year term . He told me it was his most important role and a part he was never prouder to play . As the dimming of the lights on Broadway signaled Wednesday night , Ron 's voice is now quiet -- and missed . His life 's work not only lit up Broadway and filled the big screen , it also inspired others to action . The many roles he played on the stage , in movies and on television pale in comparisons to the real roles he lived in his life . Ron was a great friend , a great father and a great American . We will miss you , my friend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : Ron Silver was a liberal Democrat , but impossible to narrowly define He says Silver was passionate and knowledgeable about current events He says Silver faced a backlash in Hollywood because he supported Bush on war Silver 's work lit up Broadway , television and films , Rollins says
CNN  -- A former government contract employee was indicted on charges of stealing restricted nuclear energy-related materials and putting the United States at risk , the Department of Justice announced Thursday . Sources say the classified materials were taken from the East Tennessee Technology Park . Roy Lynn Oakley , 67 , of Roane County , Tennessee , appeared in federal court in Knoxville on Thursday . Oakley was briefly detained for questioning in the case in January , when authorities first learned of the alleged plot to divulge the materials , government sources told CNN . He voluntarily surrendered Thursday at an FBI field office in Knoxville , the sources said . Oakley is a former employee of Bechtel Jacobs , the Department of Energy 's prime environmental management contractor at the East Tennessee Technology Park , prosecutors said . The indictment states that Oakley , "  having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the United States and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . " The transfer took place January 26 , the indictment alleges . Oakley is also charged with converting the material and "  restricted data " to his own use . He began doing so on about October 17 , 2006 , and continued through January , prosecutors said . Prosecutors said the materials involved have been examined by scientists and posed no threat to people who may have come into contact with them . Oakley 's attorney , Herb Moncier , said outside court Thursday that Oakley 's job was to break rods "  into little pieces " and throw them away . Moncier said Oakley had a security clearance , but Moncier did not believe it was a high-level clearance . The government alleges that in January , Oakley attempted to sell the "  pieces of scrap " to someone he thought was a French agent -- but in reality was an undercover FBI agent , Moncier said . He said he questions whether those broken pieces would be considered an "  appliance " under the law . "  Mr. Oakley has cooperated fully for the last six months , " said Moncier , who added that he had traveled to Washington for work on the case . Each count carries a possible sentence upon conviction of up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . "  While none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , " Kenneth Wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the Justice Department statement . One government source said the materials involved are not the "  crown jewels , " but they should not have been taken from the facility . A "  barrier " is used to filter uranium during the enrichment process , according to nuclear energy officials , but a significant number of barriers are needed to do that job . Sources told CNN that federal authorities have been following Oakley and investigating the case for at least six months , after he allegedly tried to sell the classified material . Oakley , described as a low-level employee , apparently did not make contact with any foreign government and is not a foreign agent of any kind , an official familiar with the case said . A government official with with knowledge of the case said that when authorities learned of Oakley 's alleged intentions six months ago , the FBI and Department of Energy launched a joint investigation . The FBI then developed a sting operation , government officials familiar with the case said , and authorities intervened before there could be any involvement of a foreign country . East Tennessee Technology Park is an area of the DOE 's Oak Ridge reservation "  where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , " Gerald Boyd , manager of the DOE 's Oak Ridge site office , said Thursday . "  When they were in use , now over 20 years ago , some of the buildings at ETTP housed facilities used for the enrichment of uranium . " Boyd said the technology park and the reservation "  are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . " In this case , a review of security procedures showed that the system worked and "  successfully identified the individual in question , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Terry Frieden and Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	NEW : Indictment : Man tried to pass nuclear filters to foreign agent NEW : Roy Lynn Oakley appears in court in Tennessee after surrendering NEW : Facility 's role is to break down decommissioned equipment NEW : Lawyer : Oakley 's job was to break machine parts into pieces , pitch them
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to strip $ 450 million from funds slated for a controversial program to build an F-35 Joint Strike Fighter second engine , a next-generation aircraft development program that has been riddled with cost overruns and labeled unnecessary by critics . The amendment to strip the funds passed 233-198 with bipartisan support . It was added to a bill that would fund the federal government for the remainder of the current fiscal year . Neither the House nor the Senate has the passed the full spending package yet . President Barack Obama has urged Congress to eliminate funding for the development of the second engine of the Joint Strike Fighter . House Speaker John Boehner , however , is a key supporter . The vote was a setback for the Ohio Republican . Defense Secretary Robert Gates told members of the House Armed Services Committee earlier Wednesday that he considers the program "  an unnecessary and extravagant expense , particularly during a period of fiscal contraction . " Congress has often proven reluctant to end major Pentagon projects , which can be an important source of local jobs and revenue . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	The House votes down funding for a second engine for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter The amendment ending funding passed 233-198 with bipartisan support President Barack Obama has urged elimination of the program House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , supports the program
CNN  -- A 47-year-old Virginia man was charged Monday with interfering with a flight crew during a flight last week in which he allegedly became intoxicated and unruly , leading authorities to scramble fighter jets and the pilot to make an emergency landing . The incident occurred Friday when Muhammad Abu Tahir , a Pakistani national and lawful permanent U.S. resident of Glen Allen , Virginia , was aboard AirTran Airways Flight 39 from Atlanta , Georgia , to San Francisco , California . During the flight , a flight attendant served Tahir , seated in coach , three airplane-serving-sized bottles of wine , then refused to serve him more , according to a two-page affidavit filed Monday by the FBI . He appealed to the senior flight attendant , who granted him a fourth , then a fifth bottle , both of which he downed quickly , it said . Tahir then went to a bathroom in the rear of the plane and closed the door , opening it a few minutes later and placing his shoes and socks outside the door , then retreating back inside , the affidavit said . "  A short time later , Tahir again opened the lavatory door revealing that he was shaving with no shirt on , " it added . When a flight attendant knocked on the door and encouraged him to leave the bathroom so others could use it , Tahir refused "  and started yelling at the flight attendant that he was being disrespected , " it said . Notified of the passenger 's behavior , the captain advised the senior flight attendant to enlist the help of a passenger to stand outside the lavatory in case help was needed , it said . But Tahir continued yelling and refused to obey the crew , at one point grabbing the senior flight attendant by her arms and hands , releasing her only after a passenger interceded , the affidavit said . By this time , a fire extinguisher had been carried to the rear of the plane for possible use against the man and a beverage cart was repositioned to contain Tahir , according to the affidavit . While Tahir remained inside the lavatory , the pilot made an emergency landing in Colorado Springs , Colorado , where police officers took Tahir to the El Paso County Jail , where he remained Monday . Tahir told the FBI that he felt he was being disrespected when the flight attendants denied his request for food , which was being served in business class , the affidavit said . The charges Tahir faces will be read Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Denver and a detention hearing and preliminary hearing are to be scheduled for later in the week . "  It is crucial that the flying public obey the commands of the flight crew , " said U.S. Attorney David Gaouette . If convicted , Tahir faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine , or both , as well as restitution to the airline . The incident was the second in three days in which North American Aerospace Defense Command fighter jets were scrambled in response to a passenger deemed disruptive . On Wednesday , NORAD escorted a Hawaii-bound plane back to its origination city of Portland , Oregon , after a passenger gave a flight attendant a note that was interpreted as being threatening . The passenger , Joseph Hedlund Johnson , 56 , told the FBI he had n't intended to scare anyone with the note , which began , "  I thought I was going to die , " and referenced the television show "  Gilligan 's Island . "	47-year-old Virginia man charged with interfering with a flight crew Incident happened on AirTran Airways Flight 39 from Atlanta to San Francisco Flight attendants say passenger had five servings of wine , locked himself in bathroom
CNN  It 's the albatross which has hung around the neck of world football for the past five years -- so what next for Qatar and the 2022 World Cup ? The question about when the tournament will be held was revealed in Doha Tuesday with a November/December timetable proposed . Having been cleared of any wrongdoing by Michael Garcia 's investigation into alleged corruption into the bidding process surrounding the 2022 tournament , Qatar and world governing body FIFA must now negotiate the minefield of placating a host of parties by playing a World Cup outside of the traditional June/July schedule . When Qatar won the bid in 2010 , its opponents thought they were all bidding for the same tournament -- but it turns out that 's not quite true . The intense heat in the Gulf state during June/July is considered potentially too dangerous for the players to play in , meaning this World Cup will take place in the Qatari winter -- and hugely inconvenience the world 's biggest domestic leagues . "  The prospect of a winter World Cup is neither workable nor desirable for European domestic football , " an English Premier League  EPL  spokesman told CNN ahead of the announcement . So what 's happening this week ? A FIFA task force , that 's a committee to the rest of us , has had plenty to consider in making its recommendation over the World Cup 's date . A tournament held at the starf of 2022 would represent huge problems for broadcasters , with the U.S. sporting schedule already packed in January with the NFL playoffs , while the 2022 Winter Olympics are set to take place the following month . Sepp Blatter , the FIFA president , has already said that he wanted the tournament to take place in the final two months of the year , but the European Clubs Association , which lobbies on behalf of the continent 's biggest teams , is opposed to such a plan . It had wanted the competition held in April/May , arguing those dates would mean less disruption to domestic seasons . FifPro , the players ' union , is keen on a winter World Cup on health and safety grounds but still expresses reservations surrounding a number of human rights issues associated with staging the tournament in Qatar . But was n't the bidding process supposed to be for a summer World Cup ? Well , that 's what everyone else thought -- but it seems like the goalposts have been moved . Australia , one of the countries to lose out to Qatar , was outspoken in its criticism of the tournament being switched to winter and even threatened legal action . Originally , Qatar said it would use air conditioning to cool the stadiums but concerns still remain . Harold Mayne-Nicholls led the FIFA inspection team which examined each of the bidding countries for the 2022 World Cup before delivering his report in October 2010 . Mayne-Nicholls concluded that Qatar was a high-risk option because of its soaring temperatures -- but it was still chosen by 14 of the 22 executive committee members in the final round of voting in December that year . And was n't Qatar was under investigation ? Not anymore -- in fact , Qatar was cleared of any wrongdoing by Garcia , the man who led FIFA 's investigation into allegations of corruption surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The Gulf state , and Russia which will host the 2018 tournament , were both found not guilty and hence allowed to keep hold of the tournaments . While the full report has not been published , and Garcia has since quit his role as ethics investigator after a falling out with Hans-Joachim Eckert , FIFA 's chief ethics judge , there appears little chance of the investigation being re-opened . Garcia 's report failed to uncover a ` smoking gun ' despite allegations of wrongdoing being published by British Newspaper , The Sunday Times . As far as FIFA is concerned , that 's that . Time to move on . But what about the plight of the migrant workers ? According to the International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  , 1,000 workers have already died in Qatar with the figure expected to rise to 4,000 by the time the tournament kicks off . The so called Kafala system -- which ties employees to a specific employer -- has , according to Human Rights Watch and the International Trade Union Confederation , been open to systematic abuse and created a de facto form of slavery for the more than one million migrant workers living within its borders A report commissioned by the Qatari government and compiled by law firm DLA Piper called for the Kafala system to be abolished , harsher penalties for employers who withhold passports from employees and a review into why so many workers were suffering cardiac arrests . According to the report and confirmed by the government , 964 workers from Bangladesh , India and Nepal died while living and working in the country in 2012 and 2013 . The Qatari government says there are over 1.4 million foreign workers currently plying their trade in the country . In a statement released in November 2014 , the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs insisted the country is making progress and expects labor reforms to be implemented over the coming months . "  A new sponsorship law , currently under review , that will replace the outdated ` Kafala ' system will be announced by next year , " said the statement . "  We are also working on laws to cover domestic workers . "  As in every country in the world , change does not happen overnight . Significant changes such as these take more time to implement that some may wish , but we intend to effect meaningful and lasting change for the benefit of all those who live and work in Qatar . "  Our plans are going through a legislative process and we expect to make announcements about new legislation by early next year . " What will the decision be ? Prior to Tuesday 's announcement , Shaikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al Khalifa , who is head of the Asian Football Confederation and also leads the task force , had stated his belief the 2022 World Cup would take place in November/December . Speaking to reporters at the Asian Cup last month , Salman said : "  The period best suited for hosting the 2022 World Cup in Qatar will be in November and December because for sure it needs to be played in the winter . " The decision by the task force is , in essence at least , a mere proposal , though it is unlikely to be overturned when the FIFA executive committee meets on March 19 and 20 . It is there that the committee will ratify the proposal , although in theory , it could also reject it but that 's not expected to happen . What happens with broadcast deals if the tournament gets moved ? U.S. broadcaster Fox signed a $ 425 million deal to show the 2018 and 2022 back in 2011 . "  You go into buying a World Cup and you believe it 's going to be in the same time frame it 's always been , " Fox Sports President Eric Shanks said last year . "  Clearly in America there 's much more competition for ratings points . " Shanks has a point . A winter World Cup would be a catastrophe for Fox with the tournament set to clash with the NFL playoffs . Except earlier this month Fox secured the rights for the 2026 World Cup without a bidding war -- a tournament which is likely to be held in North America . It remains to be seen how much of a fuss other broadcasters will make if the tournament is moved to November/December . What will happen to club competitions ? There are still seven years to go until the World Cup in Qatar so domestic leagues will have time to make plans to avoid as much disruption to their season as possible , but a switch to November and December is likely to provide a major headache for top-flight leagues and clubs . Notably for the EPL , which does n't have a winter break -- unlike most other European leagues . That potentially presents issues for its English teams as to how best to prevent their players from suffering burnout . Likewise European governing body UEFA , which runs the Champions League and Europa League , will also have to work out how its prestigious competitions , fit around a winter World Cup . At the moment it 's a case of "  wait and see " but this one looks set to run and run .	The 2022 World Cup is set to be held in November/December in Qatar Tournament moved away from traditional June/July dates because of intense heat in Gulf state Europe 's biggest clubs oppose plan saying it will disrupt season FIFA Executive Committee set to ratify proposal
CNN  The dawning of the New Year is often seen as a time for new beginnings . But the first fixture of 2015 marked the end of a 22-game winning streak for Real Madrid which went down 2-1 to an all-action Valencia side Sunday . Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring from the penalty spot after 12 minutes but Los Blancos were pegged back at the beginning of the second half when Antonio Barragan 's strike deflected off Pepe and beyond Iker Casillas . Nicolas Otamendi then rose highest in the Madrid box to power a header beyond Casillas a little over 10 minutes later to give Valencia a lead they would refuse to relinquish . Madrid did create numerous chances for the equalizer but were foiled by a mixture of poor finishing , heroic defending and some spectacular goalkeeping from Valencia 's Diego Alves Carreira . Valencia also had chances of its own as Madrid piled forward in the latter stages . Barragan in particular was guilty of being wasteful as he fired wide when through on Casillas . After the match , Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti lamented his side 's inability to kill the game off when they were ahead . "  There were key moments in which we could make the second goal , " Ancelotti told the Real Madrid website . "  But it did n't materialize . You can not always be effective . " "  We worked well and we had chances to score  and  we deserved at least a draw . " Valencia boss , Nuno Espirito Santo , was in more ebullient mood when speaking to reporters . "  This victory deserves a lot of credit , as does the fact that we came back from behind , " he said in comments carried by the Valencia website . He continued , "  I still believe that our biggest success is yet to come . It was a great win , but we still only have 34 points . It is not the time to celebrate anything , although of course the fans have to enjoy the victory . " The result meant Madrid 's great rivals Barcelona could have returned to the summit of La Liga if it defeated David Moyes ' Real Sociedad later on Sunday . But an own goal from defender Jordi Alba saw the Catalans lose 1-0 despite a frantic second period in which they dominated . Barca remain a point behind Real in second position and are ahead of third placed Atletico Madrid , which won comfortably against Levante on Saturday , only on goal difference . Valencia , meanwhile , move up to fourth and into the final Champions League spot . English FA Cup After a hectic period of fixtures over the festive period , England 's leading clubs returned to action in the FA Cup Sunday . Manchester United , Chelsea and Manchester City all overcame lower-league opposition with varying degrees of comfort . United had to wait until the second half before goals from Ander Herrera and Angel Di Maria secured a 2-0 victory over Yeovil Town . Chelsea overcame Watford in far more comfortable fashion at Stamford Bridge . The Blues won 3-0 thanks to strikes from Willian , Loic Remy and Kurt Zouma . Manchester City meanwhile had to come from behind to win 2-1 at home Sheffield Wednesday . James Milner struck twice in the second half to spare City 's blushes . Although the competition is notorious for feats of giant killing over the years there were few shock results Sunday . The most surprising was perhaps Premier League QPR being downed 3-0 at home by third-tier side Sheffield United . Elsewhere , Aston Villa defeated Blackpool thanks to a solitary goal from Belgian striker Christian Benteke while Southampton was held at home to Ipswich Town of the Championship . In the day 's late game , Arsenal comfortably eased aside Hull City 2-0 in a repeat of last year 's final . Per Mertersacker opened the scoring for the Gunners in the first half while a late second from Alexis Sanchez rounded off a routine victory . French Cup As in England , there were few surprises in France 's premier cup competition . Monaco defeated Nimes 2-0 with strikes from Bernardo Silva and Valere Germain while goals from Thomas Toure and Abdou Traore ensured Bordeaux overcame Toulouse 2-1 . In perhaps the tie of the round , Lyon were made to sweat for their 3-2 victory against Ligue 1 rivals Lens . After taking a three-goal lead in the first half through Nabil Fekir , Alexandre Lacazette Lacazette and Mouhamadou Dabo goals , Lyon conceded two in the second period but held on to claim victory .	Valencia defeat Real Madrid 2-1 at Mestalla Stadium Result brings to an end Los Blanco 's 22 game winning streak Barcelona miss chance to go top after losing at Real Sociedad
CNN  -- The hour is almost upon us ; FIFA will shortly vote on who will host the 2018 and 2022 soccer World Cup finals . It sounds like a fairly simple , understated task to complete but the honor to host the tournament has far-reaching ramifications . The World Cup competes only with the Olympics as the biggest events in global sport ; it generates billions of dollars to the economy of the host , and is able to create a "  feel-good-factor " that is precious in the current era of austerity . Unsurprisingly , given the high stakes , the campaigns for the bidding nations have been multi-million dollar affairs , while accusations of vote rigging , bribery and corruption have abounded in global media . It has been the most scrutinized and controversial bidding process in the history of the game . But why are governments from the USA to Japan gambling so much political and economic capital on securing the rights to host the World Cup ? What is at stake ? There is a good reason why so many countries fall over themselves to host the FIFA World Cup . Since the first low-key event was held in Uruguay in 1930 , the tournament has grown into a political and economic phenomenon , not to mention one of the single most-watched television events in the world . According to FIFA , viewing figures from the 2010 finals hosted in South Africa could have even eclipsed the record set by the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics . In Germany this year , 40 percent of the entire population watched their team lose a semi-final against Spain while as much as 90 percent of the Dutch population watched Holland lose against the same opponents in the final . With the eyes of the world focused on the hosts for the best part of a month , the effect the World Cup can have on a country can be huge . The 1998 and 2010 finals in France and South Africa respectively were feted for bringing together multi-ethnic populations under one flag , while the 2006 tournament was seen by many as the final piece of Germany 's post-Second World War rehabilitation . Even dictators have got into the act , with Argentina 's military junta controversially using the 1978 tournament to bolster its image abroad . But what interests most governments today is the huge economic benefits that hosting the tournament brings . Bloomberg estimates that Germany made a $ 150  $ 196  million profit from the 2006 tournament . The British government has predicted that a 2018 World Cup in England would be worth $ 4.7 billion to the country 's economy . For others , like the Qatar 2022 bid , money is n't the real objective ; rather a short cut to Qatar being taken seriously on the international stage . With billions of dollars at stake , it 's no surprise that the bid process has been long , expensive , at times tetchy , and haunted by controversy . The favorites The race for the 2018 World Cup is wide open . All of the bids come from Europe and when FIFA released their technical reports England came out with the highest marks . The country boasts arguably the most watched soccer league in the world , the English Premier League , good infrastructure and , in the bid 's own words , the best commercial opportunities . But the English press has been doggedly pursuing allegations of corruption within the game 's governing body , reporting which FIFA and members of England 's own bid team have criticized . Ready to pick up the pieces is Russia . Although their bid report from FIFA faired less well , the Russian government has pledged billions of dollars to build new stadiums and infrastructure . A tournament in Russia would also open a huge , relatively untapped market for FIFA , which has awarded World Cups to South Africa in 2010 and Japan and South Korea in 2002 for similar reasons . The favorites to host the 2022 World Cup are the USA . The tournament would help to cement soccer 's growing popularity in America and build on the gains made when it lasted hosted the tournament in 1994 , which broke World Cup attendance records . If the USA bid fails , the bid with the most to gain comes from Australia . A superb 2000 Sydney Olympics , considered by the IOC as one of the best ever , proves that the Australians have experience in organizing successful international tournaments on this scale . The weather would be perfect too . But soccer is only the fifth most popular sport in Australia , behind the likes of rugby union and cricket , and arguments with various competing governing bodies angry that soccer would be taking center-stage for a month have troubled the bid . The outsiders Everything would suggest that the joint Spain-Portugal 2018 bid is doomed for failure . After all FIFA has already publicly said that it was n't looking for future joint-hosting of the World Cup after logistical problems at the 2002 World Cup in Japan and Korea . Both countries are also deep in financial crisis . But recent allegations suggesting that Qatar and Spain-Portugal had agreed a vote swap , allegations both bids deny , have raised the possibility that the bid was enjoying more support within FIFA than many initially thought . The joint Holland-Belgium bid has been very low key . So low key in fact that the bid team delivered their bid documents to FIFA on bicycle . But that might also go in their favor . Whilst every other 2018 bid has been mired in controversy , Holland-Belgium has been quietly going about its business in the background . Could it be a compromise candidate ? The biggest surprise package in the bidding process for both World Cups has been the Qatar 2022 bid . A tiny , gas-rich emirate on the Persian Gulf , Qatar posses many seemingly intractable problems , namely its size -- the country 's population is less than a million -- and the fact that the tournament would take place in the middle of summer when temperatures can hit 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  . But a well-funded , innovative campaign has come up with a new form of zero-carbon air conditioning technology to be used in the stadiums , technology that could then have application in the third world afterwards . The Middle East 's first World Cup would also appeal to FIFA 's desire for the tournament to have a social legacy long after it has finished . Some European bookmakers even have Qatar down as favorites . Bringing up the rear is Japan and Korea . Despite both countries joint hosting the tournament in 2002 Japan and Korea believe they can go it alone . Japan appears to have very little support for the bid within FIFA . And the recently revived tensions between North and South has destroyed a key element of the Korean bid ; namely that the World Cup could help to ease reunification between the warring countries . Who has been involved ? With the world 's media watching on Thursday , the bid presentations ca n't just be trusted to a handful of faceless bureaucrats . Oh no . Each country has called on the great and good from the spheres of celebrity and politics to come and endorse the bid and shake some palms in the crucial final hours . The England bid team arrived draped in royalty . As well as Prime Minister David Cameron , Prince William also joined David Beckham , one of the most famous sportsmen in the world . Cameron will be aware that intense last-minute lobbying by former-leader Tony Blair helped snatch the 2012 London Olympics . Other big political beasts are also involved . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has been confirmed to appear with the USA 2022 bid , along with the Hollywood actor Morgan Freeman , whilst Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is rumored to be putting in an appearance to bolster his country 's 2018 campaign . With home-grown celebrities thin on the ground , the Qatar 2022 went about collecting the great and good of the game to extol the virtues of their bid . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , who used to play in Qatar 's domestic league , has endorsed what would be the Middle East 's first World Cup , as has France legend Zinedine Zidane . But the most glamorous bid has been from Australia 2022 . None other than Nicole Kidman narrated the original bid presentation , and singer Kylie Minogue is rumored to be turning up . But in Zurich they will be relying on the talents of ex-super model Elle "  The Body " Macpherson , who is hoping to have the same impact that Claudia Schiffer had when she was parachuted in before Germany 's successful bid to host the 2006 World Cup . Her impact was such that even Nelson Mandela and his South African bid were eclipsed . FIFA members still refer to the so-called "  Claudia effect " . Controversy The bid process has been by far the most controversial that FIFA has ever overseen . Its decision to decide the fate of both the 2018 and 2022 bids at the same time has been widely criticized for encouraging vote collusion between bids -- an accusation FIFA deny . But it was the revelations by the British newspaper the Sunday Times that has marred the process . Undercover journalists secretly filmed two members of FIFA 's then 24-strong executive committee allegedly offering to sell their votes . Amos Adamu of Nigeria and Reynald Temarii of Tahiti were both suspended by FIFA 's ethics panel following the revelations , reducing the voting number to 22 . The same ethics panel also cleared the Qatar 2022 and the Spain-Portugal 2018 bid from colluding to vote for each other , allegations that had been made following the Sunday Times investigation . Another investigation by the British press , closer to the bid date , has made further uncomfortable accusations about three other FIFA members . Last Monday the BBC alleged that Issa Hayatou , president of the Confederation of African Football , Nicolas Leoz , president of the South American football confederation and Ricardo Teixeira , head of the Brazilian football association , all took bribes during the 1990s . In the short term it is likely that the allegations will hurt the England 2018 bid hardest . The chief executive of the England bid , Andy Anson , dubbed the BBC "  unpatriotic " for screening its Panorama investigation into FIFA so close to the vote and fears that the British press may have upset other members of FIFA 's executive committee who may now not vote for it . But if FIFA 's members decide for a clean break to distance itself from the corruption allegations , the race becomes totally unpredictable , and a shock could be on the horizon .	FIFA 's executive committee will vote on the hosts of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups British govt . predicts 2018 World Cup in England worth $ 4.7 billion to economy Qatar 's 2022 bid would see the event take place in temperatures of 50 degrees Each country has called on celebrities and politicians to endorse the bids
CNN  The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday , a spokesman says . Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there . "  The visit is prompted by UNRWA 's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 Palestinians and Syrian civilians , including 3,500 children , " agency spokesman Christopher Gunness told CNN 's Paula Newton . "  Yarmouk remains under the control of armed groups , and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict . " Krähenbühl will meet with senior Syrian officials , U.N. and relief agency staff members , and displaced people from the camp itself . The Yarmouk refugee camp , which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012 . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the militant group ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90 % of the camp . The organization also claims that the Syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp as recently as Sunday in an effort to drive out armed groups . Yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the Arab-Israeli conflict and is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria . The U.N. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters . That number has dropped to about 18,000 , according to estimates . Yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013 . There have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care . "  We will not abandon hope , " Gunness said . "  We will not submit to pessimism , because to abandon hope would be to abandon the people of Yarmouk . ... We can not abandon the people of Yarmouk , and we will not , hence this mission . "	The United Nations Relief and Works Agency chief will visit Yarmouk camp Saturday Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A 19-year-old Jordanian bent on committing "  violent jihad " was arrested Thursday after undercover FBI agents foiled his attempt to bomb an office tower in Dallas , Texas , authorities announced late Thursday . Authorities say a suspect tried to set off a bomb attached to a vehicle at the base of the Fountain Plaza tower . Federal officials said Hosam Maher Husein Smadi , who entered the U.S. illegally and lived in Texas , tried to set off an improvised explosive device attached to a vehicle at the base of the 60-story Fountain Plaza office tower . Counterterrorism officials arrested Smadi on Thursday before publicly disclosing a similar , but unrelated , terrorism sting arrest in Springfield , Illinois , Wednesday . A federal law enforcement official familiar with the cases said authorities feared word of the Illinois arrest could tip off the Texas suspect of an undercover sting operation . In a criminal complaint filed with Smadi 's arrest , counterterrorism officials said the suspect had been under "  continuous surveillance " because of oft-stated determination to inflict damage and death against the United States , which he deemed to be an enemy of Islam . "  The identification and apprehension of this defendant , who was acting alone , is a sobering reminder that there are people among us who want to do us grave harm , " said James Jacks , the top federal prosecutor in Dallas . After casing a Wells Fargo Bank in the office tower in July , Smadi told an undercover agent he would target the facility , according to authorities . Initially Smadi told the agent he wanted to conduct the bombing on September 11 , but decided to wait until Ramadan ended September 20 , authorities said . "  Unbeknownst to Smadi , the FBI ensured the -LSB- vehicle-borne IED -RSB- contained only an inert/inactive explosive device , which contained no explosive materials , " the Justice Department said in a written statement . Smadi will make his first court appearance before a federal magistrate judge in Dallas on Friday . The charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction carries a potential sentence of up to life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Justice Department officials said the Dallas case was unrelated to the similar FBI sting in Springfield , Illinois , a day earlier when FBI undercover agents foiled a plot to bomb that city 's federal building . In neither case did authorities find ties to known terrorist groups .	Authorities : Man , 19 , tried to set off bomb at the base of 60-story office tower Hosam Maher Husein Smadi arrested Thursday Authorities : FBI ensured device was n't explosive after learning of Smadi 's plans Smadi had revealed plans to an undercover FBI agent , authorities say
Washington  CNN  -- An al Qaeda video calling for "  electronic jihad " illustrates the urgent need for cybersecurity standards for the most critical networks in the United States , a group of senators said . "  Internet piracy is an important field of jihad , " the narrator of the video says , according to a translation . He advises followers with expertise to "  target the websites and information systems of big companies and government agencies of the countries that attack Muslims . " The video calls for cyberattacks against networks such as the electric grid and compares vulnerabilities in the United States ' critical cyber networks to the vulnerabilities in the country 's aviation system before 9/11 , according to a statement Tuesday from the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs . "  This is the clearest evidence we 've seen that Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups want to attack the cyber systems of our critical infrastructure , " committee chairman Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut independent , said in the statement . "  Congress needs to act now to protect the American public from a possible devastating attack on our electric grid , water delivery systems or financial networks , for example . " Ranking committee member Susan Collins , R-Maine , said al Qaeda realizes that a cyberattack on critical infrastructure might cause more harm than a traditional physical attack . "  That is why the Senate needs to act on our bipartisan Cybersecurity Act that requires minimum security performance requirements for key critical infrastructure cyber networks , " she said in the committee statement . The Department of Homeland Security has received more than 50,000 reports of cyber intrusions or attempted intrusions since October 2011 , an increase of 10,000 reports over the same period the previous year , the statement said . The Senate committee said the video , made by al Qaeda 's media outlet , was obtained by the FBI .	"  Internet piracy is an important field of jihad , " an al Qaeda video states Lieberman : Congress must act now to protect against a possible attack on electric grid Collins : A cyberattack on critical infrastructure might cause more harm than a physical attack She calls on the Senate to act on bipartisan Cybersecurity Act
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Clint Eastwood does n't know if he 's a legend . Clint Eastwood attends the "  Gran Torino " premiere this month with actors Bee Vang , left , and Ahney Her . "  Maybe , what is it ? " he asks , before making a reference to a line from director John Ford 's "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance , " "  When the legend becomes fact , print the legend . " But for more than 50 years , he 's appeared on the screen and behind the camera . His film credits include "  Dirty Harry , " "  Every Which Way But Loose " and the three "  Man With No Name " Westerns . He owns four Oscars -- two for direction of "  Unforgiven " and "  Million Dollar Baby " and best picture wins for those two films -- and he 's been nominated for six others . His most recent contribution to the film world is "  Gran Torino . " In the film , which Eastwood also directed , he stars as Walt Kowalski , a Korean War veteran who is forced by immigrant neighbors to challenge his prejudices . Kowalski is a recognizable type , the gruff , sometimes bigoted old man who may be hiding more heart than he lets on . Even though he 's not too caring at the start , "  he ends up expressing love to a family he 's never known before , " Eastwood said . CNN talked with Eastwood , 78 , about the movie , his future as an actor and what he expects in terms of awards . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : When you read the script , were you at all concerned about the nature of the language ? Clint Eastwood : No , I was n't . If you 're going to learn something and progress in the movie as a character , you have to start as something else in order to learn tolerance . And your character obviously is never too old to learn that , so he has to be a certain way . But I -- being politically incorrect -- I find -LSB- it -RSB- fascinating because I hate the so-called PC thing . I think that 's one of the things that 's damaging our generation at the present time . Everybody is taking themselves and everything so seriously . If they just relax a little more and take themselves and everything else a little less seriously , they 'd have a lot more fun . CNN : I understand Nick -LSB- Schenk -RSB- was the original screenplay writer . Boy , did he get a grand slam , getting Clint Eastwood to sign onto his project . Eastwood : Well , it was interesting because he had a hard time getting it to us for some reason . Anyway , they did and finally they got it to Rob Lorenz , who 's my associate . And he read it and said , "  Well , it 's kind of interesting . You might find this character interesting . " He says , "  He 's got a lot of -- he 's kind of a racist -- he 's a little bit of a lot of things . " I said , "  Well , it sounds interesting , I 'll read it . " You know , he said the same thing you 're saying . He said , "  It 's not exactly politically correct . " I said , "  Perfect . Let me read it . I 'll read it tonight . " CNN : It 's great that after doing so many films in your long career , you 're still looking for that edgy material . The material that 's not quite in the box obviously . And I heard that you do n't know if you 'll be doing too much acting anymore ? Eastwood : I do n't think so . I just do n't think there 's going to be that many good roles , or as you say , edgy material . CNN : Maybe not edgy material for the typical senior that 's an actor , but you 're a legend . You 're Clint Eastwood . So I 'm thinking people are writing stuff for you . Eastwood : I 'll tell you why . It 's that I do enjoy being behind the camera . I started directing 38 years ago in order to be involved in the whole project and not just the one component of acting . And so it became interesting to me to look at the whole picture . And so I 'm enjoying it back there . And next picture I do , Morgan -LSB- Freeman -RSB- 's going to be upfront and I 'm going to be behind the camera . And that 's where , I think , where I belong . CNN : And you guys are shooting that film -LSB- about Nelson Mandela -RSB- in South Africa ? Eastwood : Yeah . CNN : You guys are buddies now . Eastwood : Well , this will be our third together film over the years . The other two films -LSB- "  Unforgiven " and "  Million Dollar Baby " -RSB- seem to be reasonably successful , so we just hope we can keep a trend . CNN : You 've got "  Changeling , " and then you 've got "  Gran Torino . " Both of them are getting a lot of buzz . What 's your reaction to the fact that you 'll probably be getting a lot of -LSB- award -RSB- nominations ? Eastwood : Oh , I do n't know about that . I do n't think about that . I just make the pictures and where they fall is where they fall . If somebody likes them , that 's always nice . And if they do n't like them , then too bad . It 's just you -- you just make this picture . Actually , I kind of make a film for myself to sort of express myself . Or it 's a story I might want to follow . I never think too much about anybody seeing it . And then when you 're done with it , you go , "  Oh my God . Now we got to see if anybody wants to see this thing . " So we 're at that period right now , at least on "  Gran Torino . " CNN.com 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	Clint Eastwood stars as bigoted Korean War veteran in movie "  Gran Torino " Eastwood says people take themselves too seriously nowadays "  I do enjoy being behind the camera , " actor-director says Eastwood says he makes movies to express himself , rather than for awards
I got an urgent call from the doctor . Come to my office immediately , he said . The test results have arrived . A few days earlier , I suddenly felt so ill that I asked the doctor to test for everything and find out why I had been feeling this way . Two months prior , my new husband and I returned from our honeymoon in the South Pacific . He became severely ill on the 11-hour flight home . His headache and high fever lasted for days but then went away before his doctor could determine the cause . And now I felt horrible . Nothing in life prepared me for the test results . Had the doctor said "  you have diabetes , " that would have made sense . My mother and grandfather had diabetes . But when he said "  you have HIV , " it blew my mind ! And it made no sense , no sense at all . In the next breath the doctor said "  your husband needs a test " and "  you need to contact everyone you 've had sex with to tell them you have HIV , they all need to get tested . " "  Fortunately for you , " he said , "  I have expertise in this area . " He sent me to his office 's social worker who asked if my husband would become violent with news of the diagnosis . She filled the rest of our time together trying to connect with me , sharing stories of her excessive drinking habits , as if I could relate . I called my husband and asked him to meet me at home . I broke the news to him about the diagnosis and got him tested . My new husband also tested positive for HIV . The doctor told us that I had the disease for a long time and did not prescribe me any medication . He also said I gave my husband the virus so he prescribed antiretroviral drugs for him . How could this happen ? Was this a death sentence ? How long did we have to live ? What did we need to do ? And oh my God ! The doctor says I 'd given my new husband a disease of the "  wicked and amoral . " Without any question , he and his staff decided I was a whore and/or addict . This was stunning ! I was a wreck . It was only later that I discovered e-mails that proved my husband had been living life on the "  down low " -- secretly having unprotected sex with many men -- and had likely given me the disease . That was 2000 , more than 10 years ago . I still live . In fact , I thrive . Looking back , I realized I was very fortunate . Several weeks after the diagnosis , I was referred to a therapist who really was an expert in HIV/AIDS . He was my sole support in navigating the strange and disturbing world of HIV . It was hard . My therapist 's first task was supporting me in finding a medical doctor with HIV/AIDS infectious disease credentials . Fortunately , I had the financial resources to pay for therapy as my life slowly and painfully unraveled . For me , my therapist showed me why mental health care was as important in treating HIV as a knowledgeable , supportive medical doctor . But most others are n't so fortunate . Fear of judgment and discrimination force people diagnosed with HIV or AIDS to live in isolation . Lack of money and access to support services prevent them from getting the emotional help required to cope in a life-affirming way . With the stigma of getting HIV/AIDS , coupled with the myth that life is over , I felt like the entire system was telling me to go into the corner and die . But it does n't have to be that way . For women like me -- heterosexual , vibrant , who may have contracted HIV through their male partner -- there needs to be more resources available to help us deal with the mental landmines that this situation creates . Too many people in our society are grossly uninformed and still cling to misguided beliefs about HIV/AIDS . Consequently , the lack of accurate information about HIV/AIDS increases the risk of transmission and decreases the likelihood for women to escape the downward spiral . At first , as a working professional and career engineer , I was fortunate to have access and the ability to pay for extensive mental health care . But tending to this crisis eventually cost me my career , and then the money ran out . It was n't until I was the subject of a segment on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " in September 2010 that my struggle started to gain more meaning . I found there were many more women out there like me . According to Kathleen J. Sikkema , a professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University , "  Persons living with HIV/AIDS have disproportionately high rates of psychiatric disorders , with mood and anxiety disorders being the most common . " Yes . That was me . Depression . Post-traumatic stress disorder . Ca n't go to sleep . Ca n't get out of bed . These were all foreign concepts to me until I was diagnosed . I had little background in dealing with mental illness , HIV and even less experience in how to get help . So I launched the BridgetB Foundation . "  BridgetB " was my Jane Doe alias used during a lengthy court battle with my former husband , a battle that went all the way to the California State Supreme Court and resulted in a $ 12.5 million negligence and fraud judgment against him . And no , I have yet to see a penny from him . The new foundation is dedicated to providing access to mental and other health services for American women with HIV while respecting their need for privacy . We have a lot of work to do . HIV is deadly serious , but it does n't have to be a death sentence . However , without access to mental health services to help women cope with the inevitable struggles , too often it is . Today , I am doing well . The loves of my life -- my daughter , her father  both HIV negative  -- and I are living each day to its fullest . And we know tomorrow will be even better . We got help .	Bridget Gordon : In 2000 , I found out I have HIV , and that my new husband has it , too Gordon : I was a wreck , I asked : How could this happen ? Was this a death sentence ? She says luckily she found a therapist who helped her navigate her through the crisis Gordon : For those who live with HIV/AIDS , access to mental health care is critical
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Poet and punk rocker Jim Carroll has died at age 60 . Funeral arrangements are pending . Poet , punk rocker and author Jim Carroll performs at a 2002 benefit in New York . A respected poet and musician , Carroll also was the author of "  The Basketball Diaries , " which was adapted into a 1995 movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio . Carroll died Friday at his home in Manhattan after suffering a heart attack , said his former wife , Rosemary Carroll . In 1980 , he released the popular album "  Catholic Boy , " which , according to his fan Web site , expressed the " -LSB- b -RSB- omb-fear anticipation , the optimistic nihilism and glittering darkness of the 1980s . " The track "  People Who Died " was one of the most-requested songs on FM radio at the time , and as Newsweek 's Barbara Graustark noted then , "  it propelled -LSB- Carroll -RSB- from underground status to national attention as a contender for the title of rock 's new poet laureate . " The release of the song coincided with the death of John Lennon . The success of the album was attributed to the powerful combination of pure rock 'n' roll with Carroll 's poetic sensibility and ability to write from his own experience . The fan Web site Catholicboy.com sums up Carroll 's approach to music by quoting him as saying , "  There ai n't much time left , you 're born out of this insane abyss and you 're going to fall back into it , so while you 're alive you might as well show your bare ass . " In addition to two follow-up albums , Carroll was a best-selling author of six books . "  He was a sweet , sweet man , and I 'm going to really miss him , " said Cassie Carter , a close friend for more than 20 years who operates Catholicboy.com . Carroll was born in New York in 1949 and spent his childhood living on the city 's Lower East Side , attending Catholic schools , said Rosemary Carroll , whom he met in 1973 . At 12 , he began keeping a journal that eventually was published as "  The Basketball Diaries " in 1978 . In it , he recorded the highs and lows of his youth . He first experimented with drugs at 12 and soon was addicted to heroin , but he was able to kick that habit in the 1970s , his former wife said . He had just completed a novel , tentatively titled "  The Petting Zoo , " which is about a young painter who experiences spiritual crises . The date of its release has not been set . Carroll is survived by a brother , according to his ex-wife .	Poet and punk rocker Jim Carroll dies after heart attack at 60 , ex-wife says Drug addiction as teen chronicled in "  The Basketball Diaries " Book made into 1995 movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio Carroll 's 1980 album "  Catholic Boy " featured popular "  People Who Died " track
CNN  -- Historically the hometown dates on "  The Bachelorette " can be fraught with a touch of anxiety , but on Monday night 's episode there was an abundance of grief . The ABC reality series dealt with the death of contestant Eric Hill , who perished in a paragliding accident following his stint on the show . Hill was one of 25 bachelors vying for the heart of Andi Dorfman . Dorfman visited the hometowns of the four remaining contestants , but the show took a dramatic turn when host Chris Harrison had to inform the group of Hill 's passing . "  I know this is a little unorthodox , " Harrison said . "  You all know Eric Hill . He , a couple of days ago , was in Utah paragliding and was in a serious accident . We knew he was hurt bad , but we just did n't know how bad . We learned this morning that he passed away . Obviously I 'm really sorry to be the one to have to tell you . But as soon as we found out , I definitely wanted every one of you guys to know as fast as we could . " Dorfman broke down in tears and one of the bachelors , Marcus Grodd , had to leave the room . Dorfman was later shown sobbing and lamenting the fact that Hill was eliminated from the show after the pair had a disagreement . "  I kicked him out , " she said . "  I ca n't believe that was my last conversation with him . " Dorfman also rallied to help the others deal with the tragedy . "  It just puts in perspective all of this -- there 's so much more to all of this , " she told them . "  There 's life , people have lives here . " In his blog about the show for EW , Harrison defended the decision to include the heartbreak in the episode . "  There were those who did n't think we should shoot it at all and not include this news , " he wrote . "  I vehemently disagreed . I thought we should not only shoot it , but felt we should include it on this show for you to see as well . I knew this was going to be a brutally sad moment for all of us , but that 's why I felt so strongly we should show it . "	Andi Dorfman learned of Eric Hill 's death on Monday 's episode She broke down sobbing The show 's host defended the episode
CNN  -- The husband of an accomplished Pittsburgh doctor has been arrested in connection with the death of his wife , the Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , district attorney 's office , said Thursday . Authorities have ruled that 41-year-old physician Autumn Klein 's cause of death was cyanide poisoning . It was not immediately clear whether Klein 's husband , Robert Ferrante , had retained representation . Klein was a physician and former head of women 's neurology at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . She died on April 20 . Officials said Ferrante was apprehended by West Virginia State Police after his car was stopped while heading north on Interstate 77 near Beckley , West Virginia . Ferrante is a researcher and professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh . He has been placed on immediate and indefinite leave , according to John Andrew Fedele , a school spokesperson . As part of his position there , Ferrante managed a laboratory where he conducts trials of various drugs and chemicals , according to a criminal complaint . On April 17 , Allegheny County 911 dispatch received a call from Ferrante requesting medical assistance for his wife , who he said was possibly having a stroke , the complaint read . He described her condition as "  conscious and breathing , but not alert . " The complaint , citing witnesses , alleges that Ferrante requested the purchase of cyanide . It was delivered one day later , on April 16 . Cyanide is a naturally occurring toxic substance that can be found in seeds of different plants . It is widely distributed throughout research laboratories as a chemical used in scientific experiments . Cyanide interferes with the ability of the body to use oxygen to produce energy , which can lead to rapid death . According to the complaint , text messages were found between the couple on April 17 , the day Klein fell ill . The exchange included Ferrante suggesting creatine to Klein in hopes of stimulating egg production . When paramedics arrived , they found the victim on the floor of the kitchen with a plastic bag containing creatine . According to Karl Williams , chief medical examiner of Allegheny County , there is no connection with creatine and fertility . Creatine is a supplement that bodybuilders uses to increase body mass , Williams said . Sole and legal custody of Ferrante 's child has been placed with the maternal grandparents , according to a statement form the district attorney 's office . His financial assets have also been frozen . CNN 's Erinn Cawthon and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Autumn Klein , 41 , a physician , died on April 20 The cause of death was cyanide poisoning Her husband is a professor of neurological surgery at the University of Pittsburgh
CNN  -- Ferrari have absolved driver Felipe Massa from any blame after he crashed out of the Monaco Grand Prix , saying the collision was caused by car failure . The Brazilian , who suffered serious head injuries in an incident at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix , crashed twice in two days at Monte Carlo 's demanding street circuit . When Massa collided with the barriers at the first corner during final practice on Saturday , Ferrari blamed the accident on driver error . The damage to the car was so significant that Massa had to sit out qualifying because the Ferrari mechanics could not mend his scarlet racer in time . During Sunday 's race , Massa had worked his way up from the back of the grid when he was taken out by a spookily similar accident at the same St Devote corner . "  After an initial evaluation carried out on based on telemetry data , the engineers looked at all the components of Massa 's car , especially those that sustained damage in the heavy impact when the car crashed on lap 29 of the race , " explained Ferrari after carrying out an nvestigation at their Maranello headquarters . "  The findings validated the first impressions of the engineers , confirming that the accident was caused by an element of the front left suspension breaking . " Massa was attended to by medical staff on the side of the circuit before being taken for a full check-up . "  I was taken to hospital for all the precautionary checks and luckily everything is in order , " said Massa . "  I 'm all right , I 've just got a slight pain in my neck , but nothing serious . Now I will look to get in shape and be back 100 % for the Montreal race , " added the Brazilian , referring to the Canadian GP . "  All I want to do is put this bad weekend behind me and think about doing well in the rest of the season . " Massa sat out the second half of the 2009 Formula One season after he fractured his skull and was put into an induced coma following a freak accident during qualifying for the Hungarian Grand Prix . He was hit on the helmet by a spring that had fallen off Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn GP car and plunged at high-speed into the barriers . Any subsequent incident involving Massa has an extra poignancy following the 2009 trauma , which sent shockwaves through the close-knit F1 paddock . "  The best news to come out of the Monaco weekend is that Felipe is fine , " said Ferrari team boss Stefano Domenicali . "  Two big accidents , just over 24 hours apart and all he has to show for it is a bit of muscle pain . Fortunately there were no other injuries . " Ferrari 's championship contender Fernando Alonso , who won the previous race in Spain , had a subdued weekend in Monaco , finishing seventh after a difficult race in the principality . The Spaniard retained third place in the drivers ' championship but he has now fallen 29 points behind Red Bull 's leader Sebastian Vettel and is eight points adrift of Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen after six events in the 19-race season . The season resumes in Canada next month and Domenicali said the team were steeling themselves for a season of ups and downs . "  This championship seems to be a real rollercoaster of emotions , " commented Domenicali . "  Following on from a good weekend comes a bad one . "  From now on , it will be important to establish a consistent level of performance . The championship standings are very close and the number of strong opponents is ever increasing . "  It 's a scenario in which each point is precious and each hundredth of performance becomes important and obviously we are well aware that one less reliability problem can be very significant in terms of how the championship pans out . "  We have a lot of work to do in the coming days to be as well prepared as possible for Montreal . " Meanwhile former Toyota and Sauber driver Kamui Kobayashi got behind the wheel of a Ferrari F1 car for the first time on Monday . The Japanese driver , who lost his Sauber seat at the end of 2012 , is now part of the "  Ferrari family " and will drive the 2010 F1 car at a demonstration event in Russia , as well as racing in the World Endurance Championship for the Italian marque .	Broken suspension caused Felipe Massa to crash in Monaco Grand Prix The Brazilian crashed twice at the St Devote corner during the race weekend Massa says he has slight neck pain but nothing more serious Ferrari are focused on consistency at the next grand prix in Canada
CNN  -- India has overtaken China as the world 's biggest importer of weapons , with Asian nations the most aggressive consumers of military hardware , a new report says . Between 2007 and 2011 , India 's business accounted for 10 % of the global arms market , according to data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  SIPRI  . South Korea was next , accounting for 6 % of sales , followed by Pakistan and China  5 %  and Singapore  4 %  . Siemon Wezeman , a senior analyst with SIPRI , said India 's defense spending reflects its regional security concerns and Delhi 's global aspirations . "  India procures arms in relation to its tense relationship with Pakistan and increasingly sees China as a potential threat , " he told CNN . "  It also wants to assert itself as a major regional or even global power . " Much of this expenditure has focused on the modernization of its armed forces with the purchase of fighter jets and warships , according to The Hindu . Meanwhile , China 's relative decline as an arms importer comes at a time when it is increasing its overall defense budget , investing in major projects such as the development of a stealth fighter jet and an aircraft carrier program . Many of these weapons are instead produced domestically . At the National People 's Congress earlier this month , Beijing announced plans to increase its military spending by 11.2 % , a move some analysts suspect is in response to U.S. plans to increase its military presence in the Pacific -- an assertion it has rejected , saying its spending is in proportion to its economy . China increases defense spending "  The Chinese government has maintained reasonable and appropriate growth in defense spending on the strength of rapid economic and social development and the steady increase of fiscal revenues , " NPC spokesman Li Zhaoxing told reporters in March . But China 's announcement is sure to stoke concerns among some its neighbors . China regards Taiwan as part of its territory and has vowed to use force against the island if it ever formally sought independence . Beijing has also claimed a significant portion of the South China Sea as its own territorial waters , putting it in conflict with other nations that have made claims on portions of the region . Wezeman said China has gradually modernized its armed forces and arms industry in the past two decades . He said development of the latter was mainly influenced by an embargo on arms sales to China imposed by European Union nations and the United States after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown . This , he said , forced China to look to other sources such as Russia for new equipment and licenses to produce weapons itself , which in turn helped to improve its own indigenous arms production capability . As a result , China has become a major exporter of arms . According to SIPRI , it is now the world 's sixth largest seller behind the U.S. , Russia , Germany , France and Britain -- with India 's long-time foe Pakistan chief among its clients . Russia 's defense industry has been the chief beneficiary of India 's custom , according to SIPRI , though France has recently muscled in with new deals to supply submarines in addition to Mirage and Rafale combat aircraft from Dassault . SIPRI estimates India is likely to spend more than $ 100 billion on weapons in the next 15 years .	India 's business accounted for 10 % of the global arms market between 2007-2011 Focused on the modernization of its armed forces with the purchase of fighter jets , warships China has become a bigger exporter of weapons as its defense industry has expanded China and India have been increasing defense spending as their economies grow
CNN  -- What would you do if you were Vladimir Putin ? What would you do if you were a Russian citizen ? Russia 's economic problems -- slowly incubating in recent months -- are about to get a lot worse . And that should make all of us nervous . The stomach-turning free fall of the ruble , the Russian currency , revealed the impending crisis . It may seem like a matter of economics , but at this level it is about politics , and when it comes to Putin , politics does not stop at the Russian border . Putin will try to blame Russia 's problems on the West . He will work to bolster support at home , rally the public by making Russians feel besieged by the outside world , mostly by the United States and its NATO allies . That could end up creating even more dangerous tensions between Moscow and Washington , between Russia and the West . And Putin has shown he is not afraid of using every instrument of power , including his military forces , to achieve his goals . The walls are closing in on Putin 's Russia . The spectacular collapse in global oil prices has led to an even more dramatic crumbling of the Russian currency , all of it coming at the same time as economic sanctions the West had imposed after Putin 's forces captured Crimea , legally part of Ukraine , and stoked a separatist war between pro-Russian Ukrainians and the central government in Kiev . In his annual speech to the nation this month , Putin told Russians that the West is determined to keep Russia from becoming strong , that Ukraine was not the real reason for the sanctions . "  If none of that  Ukraine  had ever happened , " he said , "  they would have come up with some other excuse to try to contain Russia 's growing capabilities . " He described it as a historical pattern the West repeats "  whenever someone thinks that Russia has become too strong or independent . " For now , the strategy , which includes suppressing any critical media and quieting critics , is working . Polls show Putin 's approval ratings at stratospheric levels . But that was before the price of oil collapsed and the ruble went into a downward spiral . Even if he can keep strong popular support , Putin has to worry most of all about keeping happy the oligarchs , the wealthy Russians who back him in exchange for continued prosperity . Economic sanctions and a shrinking economy will not make them happy . The severity of the current crisis became apparent by Tuesday . The ruble had lost nearly 20 % in just one day . So the Central Bank , Russia 's version of the Federal Reserve , held an emergency meeting and raised interest rates to 17 % from 10.5 % . The move was meant to strengthen the ruble , to keep people from selling . Wealthy Russians have taken more than $ 125 billion out of the country , and slashed oil earnings mean there are less export earnings to convert into rubles . The rate hike has n't appeared to work . But even if it does , that neck-snapping hike will make it hard for the economy to breathe . Once again , the Russia people will go through wrenching economic hardship because their leaders are following foolish , grandiose policies . Only recently authorities had predicted a mild recession for next year . That is all changing now . Instead of the original government forecast of a 0.8 % decline , the Central Bank said that if oil stays under $ 60 a barrel , the economy could contract more than 4.5 % . That is a deep and painful recession . Living standards are now sure to slide . For Putin , strong oil and gas export earnings have provided political power . Popularity came from rising living standards . It was less than a year ago when , flush with cash , Putin staged his triumphant Winter Olympic Games in Sochi . He spent $ 50 billion to dazzle the world and show the Russia people that under his leadership Russia was a global power . But before the Olympic flame flickered out fires were already raging in Ukraine . Then came the invasion of Crimea , economic sanctions , and now this , the most painful cut of oil . Sanctions , which were meant to loosen Putin 's grip on eastern Ukraine , are now not the main problem for the Russian leader . If he relented to Western demands , he would still have a recession on his hands . A cornered Putin could prove dangerous , as Russia 's neighbors know well . Sweden 's defense minister went on TV a few days ago to announce new military readiness measures in response to Russia 's military maneuvers . The Baltic states , whose NATO membership commits the United States and others to intervene in their defense , worry Russia may make a move in their territory . Russian agents captured an Estonian official a few months ago . The Baltics -- Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia -- have fresh memories of being annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940 . Moscow 's military muscle-flexing has not been limited to border states . Britain 's Royal Air Force has intercepted several Russian bombers as they neared UK airspace . Norway , too , has intercepted Russian bombers . NATO says it has intercepted more than 100 Russian aircraft since the crisis over Ukraine started . Would Putin start a new military crisis to fuel nationalistic fervor and thus protect himself from the backlash of economic troubles at home ? Recent rhetoric indicates that would be a preferred tactic . But polls show the Russian people are wavering . Russian support for a military presence in Ukraine has dropped from 74 % to 23 % , according to The Economist . That 's the first sign of a majority of Russians doubting , if not in any way turning against their President for now . Putin has no good , easy choices . That should give the rest of the world reason to be nervous .	The ruble dropped nearly 20 % in one day , signaling an economic crisis for Russia Frida Ghitis : Vladimir Putin will try to blame Russia 's problems on the West She says Putin has strong approval ratings but Russians will likely face recession Ghitis : Will he start a new military crisis to divert from the backlash of economic woes ?
Washington  CNN  To gauge Jon Stewart 's impact on American politics , try to imagine a presidential election without him . The last time that happened was in 1996 when Bill Clinton faced off against Bob Dole . "  The Daily Show " host 's hordes of millennial fans and political junkies will soon find out what a sans-Stewart election is like as they pick their way through the spin , obfuscations and outrages of the 2016 race without him . Stewart , sometimes known as "  The Most Trusted Name in Fake News , " made the surprising announcement on Tuesday that he would quit the Comedy Central hit before the end of the year after 16 years behind his desk . In a slice of irony almost too delicious to be true , news of the fake newsman 's retirement emerged at the same time as a real newsman , Brian Williams , was suspended by NBC for six months after reports of his exaggerated war stories came to light . Over the years , Stewart has carved out a unique place at the intersection of politics , entertainment and journalism , offering a mocking take on the news with his whiplash humor and pseudo anchorman 's persona . Stewart 's grillings of politicians are legendary . Candidates who go on his show endure an unpredictable , high wire rite of passage and the host 's sharp tongue -- all in pursuit of the young voters who form his core audience . It 's been repeated so often that it 's now a cliche . But plenty of studies show that many young Americans get their political news not from TV networks or newspapers but from Stewart 's biting satire . In a 2012 survey , the Pew Research Center for People and the Press found that 39 % of "  The Daily Show 's " regular viewers were between 18 and 29 , but the group makes up just 23 % of the public as a whole . That is a demographic politicians kill for . And it explains why those running for office -- particularly Democrats keen to connect with Stewart 's urban , left-leaning audience -- brave appearing on his show . Though Stewart frequently denies his program is a news show and is merely about entertainment , his work appears to serve much the same function as traditional network news shows . His dissection of issues and forensic dismissal of political hypocrisy perform much the same roles as fact checkers in traditional media . Another survey in 2007 showed that Americans who knew most about what was going on in the world also tended to be viewers of "  The Daily Show " and its recently shuttered Comedy Central spin off "  The Colbert Report . " Stewart has been a constant guide for a certain segment of Americans throughout the tumultuous decade-and-a-half that has opened the 21st Century , filtering events and curating opinion . In moments of farce , like the 2000 election , or instances of tragedy , such as the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , and subsequent political races , Stewart was there surfing the zeitgeist and resetting conventional media wisdom . When George W. Bush had the 2000 election handed to him by the Supreme Court , Stewart voiced the frustrations of many liberals who thought the election was stolen . "  I was not elected to serve one party " a young-looking Stewart showed Bush in a clip saying , before adding "  you were not elected ! " A year later , Stewart helped teach America to laugh again in the harrowing weeks after the terror attacks . On his first show back after 9/11 , Stewart replaced his normally sardonic opening segment with a moving monologue about the impact of the tragedy on his beloved New York City . "  We are going to get back to this . It is going to be fun and it is going to be funny , " he sniffed through tears . When the Iraq war turned into a quagmire , Stewart turned his searing wit on the Bush administration 's missteps and failures of the occupation with his long-running "  Mess O ' Potamia " segment . His daily lambasting of top Bush aides reflected and helped to shape the fast souring public mood on the war , which eventually provided the conditions for the rise of anti-war candidate Barack Obama in 2008 . Obama , who revolutionized campaigning with his use of YouTube , social media and new digital technologies and Stewart -- with his easily sharable segments which popped perfectly for emerging media sources like Facebook -- might have been made for one another . Young voters were vital for Obama 's hopes of beating the Hillary Clinton machine in 2008 . And he knew where to find them -- on Stewart 's show . "  The Daily Show , " under the guise of humor and satire , also allowed Obama to gently deal with fiercely divisive campaign issues that were off limits or were difficult to handle on regular news shows . In a 2008 Obama appearance before the Pennsylvania primary , for instance , Stewart took on the latent racism that many Democrats thought was hampering the senator in the state and elsewhere . "  I am going to cut through the spin for you , sir , that 's what I am here for , " Stewart told a laughing Obama . "  We are concerned that ultimately at the end of the day ... . if you are fortunate enough to become the president of the United States , will you pull a bait and switch , sir , and enslave the white race ? " In 2010 , Obama was back on the show days before the midterm elections in what was seen as a transparent attempt to reconnect with the young voters who powered his 2008 campaign but had since soured . Obama , the first sitting U.S. president to appear on "  The Daily Show , " may have got more than he bargained for when Stewart mocked him as a shadow of his 2008 persona after he hit gridlock in Washington . "  You would n't say ` Yes we can , with certain conditions , ' " Stewart quipped , to Obama 's evident discomfort . Obama often felt the lash of Stewart 's tongue , most often when he fell short of the high expectations he raised in 2008 . In 2013 , Stewart ripped the president for what he thought was his dismissive response to perceived scandals in the IRS and over the death of a U.S. diplomat in Benghazi . "  I would n't be surprised if President Obama learned Osama bin Laden had been killed when he saw himself announce it on television , " Stewart joked . More recently , Stewart slammed Obama for not showing up to a march in Paris to honor victims of those killed by Islamic extremists on an attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . "  How could the U.S. not be there ? " Stewart asked . But despite the critiques of Obama , Stewart has his own critics , including Republicans who complain he favors Democrats too openly , and some pro-Israel groups , who have complained at his coverage of the Jewish state . It is not only politicians who have felt Stewart 's mockery . The media gets it in the neck too . Fox News and its perceived conservative bias has been a target on Stewart 's show for years . One of Stewart 's most well-remembered skits was his merciless takedown of conservative commentator Glenn Beck , complete with glasses and fake blackboard . In 2010 , Stewart mocked dueling protest marches engineered by Beck and civil rights campaigner Al Sharpton and drew more than 200,000 people to Washington 's National Mall with the "  Rally to Restore Sanity and/or fear " with his Comedy Central partner Stephen Colbert . Stewart 's ire often was directed at the state of political journalism itself -- and the way news shows tend to play off a conservative and a liberal pudits on opposite sides and call it balanced news coverage . CNN was n't immune from his attention . Stewart famously came on the CNN show "  Crossfire " in 2004 to skewer hosts Tucker Carlson and Paul Begala . "  You 're partisan , what do you call it ... hacks , " said Stewart . "  Stop hurting America , " he blasted in an appearance on the set . Stewart , who took a sabbatical from his show in 2013 to direct a movie , appeared to foreshadow his departure from the "  Daily Show " late last year in an interview with "  Fresh Air " host Terry Gross on NPR . "  I do feel like I do n't know there will ever be anything that I will be as well suited for as this show , " Stewart said . "  That being said , there are moments when you realize that is not enough anymore . The minute I say I am not going to do it any more , I will miss it like crazy . " Stewart 's fans , not least those in politics , are already feeling the same about him .	Stewart hanging up mic after 16 years He carved out unique role at intersection of real and fake news
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba will be allowed to receive a medical exam from a U.S. doctor , a Cuban government official told CNN Wednesday . The family of Alan Gross , 64 , for months had asked that they be permitted to send a doctor to examine the Maryland native who is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing to Cuba banned communications equipment as part of a U.S. government-funded program to promote democracy on the island . Gross ' family said that he has lost more than 100 pounds since his incarceration in 2009 and that a mass on his shoulder may be cancerous . The Cuban government countered that Gross receives medical care from Cuban doctors at the prison hospital where he is being held and that he is in good condition for a man his age . Jared Gensler , an attorney for Gross , declined to comment on the Cuban government 's allowing Gross to receive a visit from a U.S. physician or when the visit would take place . The change in course comes as Cuba has intensified its campaign to secure the release of Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy prison sentences in the United States . Cuban officials argue that the men infiltrated hard-line Cuban-exile groups to prevent terrorist attacks on the island . But U.S. prosecutors called the men spies , and they were convicted in 2001 . Four of the agents remain in U.S. federal prison . The fifth man , Rene Gonzalez , returned to Cuba last month after serving 14 years in prison and on supervised release . Gonzalez , who was born in Chicago , renounced his U.S. citizenship last month as part of a deal that allowed him to return to the island and not serve a final year of supervised release in the U.S. Cuba will continue to push for the four other agents ' release , Gonzalez said in a news conference in Havana Wednesday . "  We have hope that if the American people know about the case , the facts , they will put pressure on the White House for a solution , " Gonzalez said . Last year , Cuban officials said they wanted to negotiate the jailed agents ' case along with Gross ' . "  The ball 's in their court , " said Johana Tablada , subdirector of the department that oversees U.S. affairs at Cuba 's Foreign Ministry . "  We are waiting on the U.S. government 's response . " But U.S. officials have rejected calls for a prisoner swap , instead arguing that Gross did not spy during his visits to Cuba and should be released immediately . "  Hopefully , a solution can be found that is mutually beneficial , " said Kenia Serrano , president of the Cuban Institute of Friendship with the Peoples , a Cuban organization working to secure the agents ' freedom . "  All the families involved have suffered greatly . "	Cuba to let U.S. doctor examine Alan Gross , 64 , a jailed State Department contractor Gross ' family says he 's in ill health ; Cuban officials say he 's healthy for his age Gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment to the island Cuba wants to negotiate Gross ' fate and that of Cubans in U.S. federal prison for spying
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal agents found much of the information produced by the Bush administration 's top-secret warrantless surveillance program vague and difficult to use , a sweeping review of the program found . Former President Bush claims his administration 's surveillance program helped to ward off terrorist attacks . Then-President George Bush and other top administration officials have said the program was a critical tool in preventing terrorist attacks . However , a report Friday by the inspectors general of the CIA , the Justice Department , the Pentagon and other agencies found that some FBI and CIA agents were frustrated by the secrecy surrounding the program . Former CIA chiefs Michael Hayden and Porter Goss told investigators the wiretaps filled a gap in U.S. intelligence . One senior official quoted in the report called the wiretaps , dubbed the "  President 's Surveillance Program " by the report , "  a key resource , " while the FBI considered it "  one tool of many " in their efforts to head off terrorist plots , the report states . "  Even though most PSP leads were determined not to have any connection to terrorism , many of the FBI witnesses believed the mere possibility of the leads producing useful information made investigating the leads worthwhile , " the report states . The program was hugely controversial when Bush acknowledged its existence in 2005 . Critics said the program violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , a 1978 law passed to rein in the wiretapping abuses of the Watergate era . Bush 's approval allowed the National Security Agency to intercept communications between people in the United States and overseas who were suspected of having ties to terrorists without getting a court order . He and other officials said the program "  prevented attacks and saved lives , " as Vice President Dick Cheney put it in a May speech critical of their successors in the Obama administration . But Friday 's report found that the intelligence gathered was only a small part of counterterrorism work , and most intelligence officials interviewed for the report had trouble "  citing specific instances where PSP reporting had directly contributed to counterterrorism successes . " In addition , the CIA "  did not implement procedures to assess the usefulness of the product of the PSP , and did not routinely document whether particular PSP reporting had contributed to successful counterterrorism operations , " the report states . At another point , it noted that some FBI agents "  criticized the PSP-derived information they received for providing insufficient details , and the agents who managed counterterrorism programs at the FBI field offices the DOJ IG visited said the FBI 's process for disseminating PSP-derived information failed to adequately prioritize the information for investigation . Meanwhile , CIA officers were unable to make "  full use " of the data because too few people had been briefed on the closely held program . "  According to one CIA manager , the tight control over access to the PSP prevented some officers who could have made effective use of the program reporting from being read in , " the report states . The report also confirmed that the PSP was not limited to the electronic intercepts , referring repeatedly to "  other intelligence activities " that remain classified . The report concluded the program was built on a "  factually flawed " legal analysis inappropriately provided by a single Justice Department official , John Yoo , in 2001 . Yoo did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment , and he was not interviewed for the report . A 2004 review by the Justice Department triggered a dramatic confrontation in 2004 between White House and Justice officials who concluded the program would not pass legal muster . Former Deputy Attorney General James Comey , who took part in that face-off , told investigators that the program 's original authorization "  involved ignoring an act of Congress , and doing so without full congressional notification . " That line drew the ire of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who issued a statement Friday declaring that "  no president should be able to operate outside the law . " "  The House Judiciary and Intelligence Committees will closely examine the findings and recommendations of the classified and unclassified reports , and will conduct appropriate oversight of electronic surveillance activities , " the California Democrat said . Sen. Russ Feingold , a Wisconsin Democrat who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the report "  highlights just how outrageous and damaging the illegal warrantless wiretapping program really was . " "  This report leaves no doubt that the warrantless wiretapping program was blatantly illegal and an unconstitutional assertion of executive power , " Feingold said . "  I once again call on the Obama administration and its Justice Department to withdraw the flawed legal memoranda that justified the program and that remain in effect today . "	Audit : Info from Bush 's surveillance program found to be vague Program allowed for top-secret , warrantless wiretaps Bush , other former administration officials have touted program 's success Review concluded program was built on "  factually flawed " legal analysis
A 10-day Royal Caribbean cruise ship will return two days early after an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness , the cruise line said Sunday . According to Bernadette Burden , a spokeswoman with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 600 people on the ship have become ill . Passengers and crew members reported vomiting and diarrhea . "  New reports of illness have decreased day-over-day , and many guests are again up and about . Nevertheless , the disruptions caused by the early wave of illness means that we were unable to deliver the vacation our guests were expecting , " the cruise line said in a statement . "  After consultation between our medical team and representatives of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , we think the right thing to do is to bring our guests home early , and use the extra time to sanitize the ship even more thoroughly , " the company said . Explorer of the Seas left January 21 from Cape Liberty , New Jersey , and it has been in the Caribbean . After returning to its home port on Wednesday , the cruise line said it would perform a "  thorough ` barrier ' sanitization program on the entire ship to make certain that any remaining traces of the illness are eliminated . " The cause of the illness was not immediately clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . According to Burden , the CDC spokeswoman , 577 of the 3,050 passengers and 49 of 1,165 crew members reported being ill . Joseph Angelillo was one such person . He said he thought , at first , he just had food poisoning . "  I started with upset stomach and vomiting , and that lasted all night and into the morning , " he told CNN by phone Sunday . He said some entertainers were sick and shows had to be canceled . "  If I can get off  the ship  , I will , " Angelillo said . What you need to know about kids and norovirus Five things we 've learned about cruising After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ?	577 passengers and 49 crew members report being ill , CDC spokeswoman says Cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus "  If I can get off  the ship  , I will , " says one passenger
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The illness that derailed Miley Cyrus ' U.S. tour in April has returned like a wrecking ball at the start of her European tour . Cyrus ' Friday and Saturday shows in Amsterdam and Antwerp have been rescheduled for June 20 and 22 because she suffered a setback in her battle against a "  severe allergic reaction " to an antibiotic , her rep said . The 21-year-old singer fell ill on April 15 and was kept in a Kansas City hospital for several days . The remaining North American shows in her "  Bangerz " tour were postponed until August . "  After a period of improvement , Cyrus ' symptoms have returned and doctors will not permit her to travel , " her representative told CNN Wednesday . "  This type of extreme reaction can last up to 27 days and Cyrus must remain under doctors ' care at this time . " Cyrus is still hoping to perform her "  Bangerz " show at London 's O2 Arena on May 6 , the rep said . She initially became ill in early April with a flu-like illness , which caused her to pull out of her Charlotte show . After being prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin , her health woes grew when an allergic reaction to the drug left Cyrus hospitalized for more than a week , according to a statement from her representative earlier this month . Cyrus used Twitter to express her sadness , posting a tweet of 132 crying emoticons Tuesday . CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Miley 's weekend shows in Amsterdam and Antwerp are rescheduled in June "  After a period of improvement , Cyrus ' symptoms have returned , " rep says Cyrus still hopes to perform her "  Bangerz " show at London 's O2 Arena May 6 Postponed North American shows are set for first two weeks in August
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Thirty people joined National Park Service rangers Saturday in climbing to the crown of the Statue of Liberty , the first tourists to go into the landmark 's crown since the 9/11 attacks . Chris Bartnick , 46 , and daughter Aleyna , 8 , of Merrick , New York , look out from the statue 's crown on Saturday . The New York Harbor monument was closed after the terrorist assaults on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon for safety and security reasons , the Interior Department said . "  Once again , Americans can climb to Lady Liberty 's crown and gaze out over New York Harbor , where so many of our ancestors first saw the New World and first breathed the fresh air of freedom , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said as he welcomed visitors back on the Fourth of July holiday . "  This is a celebration of America and the joy of being an American . " Visitors on Saturday were grateful they could go inside the landmark . "  It 's just basically safety for our country and at least they opened it , " visitor Ira Semapadilla told CNN affiliate NY1 before the visit . "  That 's one thing that I was like , wow , I 'm never going to experience it . ... They ruined it for us . "  Now that it 's going to open again I 'm excited , and I 'm just really looking forward to being in there . " Watch as CNN 's Susan Candiotti treks to top " Gov. David Paterson , D-New York , Gov. Jon Corzine , D-New Jersey , and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined Salazar at the reopening ceremony . Even with the reopening of the monument , only a rare few will get to scale the 354 steps to the crown . Only 10 visitors are permitted to ascend the steps at any one time , meaning about 240 people can make the climb during the park 's 8:30 a.m. to 6:15 p.m. hours of operation . The opportunity to climb Lady Liberty will end again in two years , when work will begin on further safety and security upgrades .	Monument in New York Harbor closed since 9/11 attacks Thirty people make climb to reopened crown "  This is a celebration of America , " Interior secretary says
CNN  -- The ex-boyfriend of American exchange student Amanda Knox says he has returned to Italy to fight his new murder conviction in the death of Knox 's onetime roommate , Meredith Kercher . In a CNN interview Monday evening , Raffaele Sollecito said he and his current girlfriend were in neighboring Austria , preparing to celebrate what he had expected to be his exoneration by an Italian court . Instead , that court found Knox and Sollecito guilty for a second time last week , sentencing him to 25 years . Knox , who returned to the United States after her 2009 conviction was overturned , said last week that she "  will never go willingly " back to Italy . But Sollecito said he came back "  as soon as I understood the verdict . " "  I 'm trying to be as positive as possible in a situation like this , " he said . "  It 's very traumatic , the situation here now . But on the other side , I still have to fight . I have chosen to be here and to fight against this ordeal . " Italian police said Sollecito was stopped in the northern Italian town of Udine , near the border with Austria and Slovenia . In an interview on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " Sollecito said he thought his relationship with Knox hurt him . "  Why do they convict me ? " he said . "  Why do put me on the corner and say that I 'm guilty just because in their minds I have to be guilty because I was her boyfriend . It does n't make any sense to me . " Kercher , 21 , of Great Britain , was found stabbed to death in 2007 in the house she shared with Knox in Perugia , where both women were exchange students . Prosecutors said Kercher was killed after she rejected attempts by Knox , Sollecito and another man , Ivory Coast-born Rudy Guede , to involve her in a sex game . Guede is the only person in jail for the murder , and many aspects of the crime still remain unexplained . Both Knox and Sollecito have maintained their innocence , and their 2009 convictions led to questions about the effectiveness of Italy 's justice system . The trial revealed widespread doubts over the handling of the investigation and key pieces of evidence , and the convictions were overturned on appeal in 2011 . But in March 2013 , Italy 's Supreme Court overturned the pair 's acquittals and ordered a retrial . That proceeding resulted in the convictions being reinstated on Thursday . "  I do n't know what to think , because objectively , there 's nothing against me and nothing very strong against Amanda , " Sollecito said . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	"  I still have to fight , " Raffaele Sollecito tells CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Sollecito and ex-girlfriend Amanda Knox convicted a second time in Italian courts Knox 's roommate , Meredith Kercher , was killed in 2007
CNN  -- We 've just landed a washing machine-sized robot on a comet and NASA 's chief scientist has no idea . Dr Ellen Stofan is deep in conversation with a journalist when , unable to contain himself any longer , an adviser with phone triumphantly held aloft blurts out : "  Rosetta -- It 's landed ! " "  Wonderful " Stofan beams , and the handful of reporters gathered in a lecture theater at University College London excitedly fidget in their seats . Barely has the probe touched down on a comet 310 million miles from Earth , then one of science 's great minds is discussing humanity 's next cosmic milestone . Stofan wants to land a man on Mars by the mid-2030s . Or rather , "  land a human on Mars , " the mother-of-three corrects me with a wry smile . "  In a sense it 's our destiny to move beyond this planet and Mars is the logical choice , " said the 53-year-old geologist . "  It 's a place where humans could live and work -- not out in the open -- but with not too-radical modifications . " Indeed , life on the ` Red Planet ' may not just be the stuff of science fiction . "  Mars is the other body in the solar system that we 're very likely to find that life evolved , " said Stofan . "  So being able to have a laboratory on Mars , being able to have some sort of sustained human presence on Mars in the future , I think is critically important for science . " Next stop : Mars Surviving an eight-month journey to Mars is one thing -- staying alive once there is another . Astronauts would face high levels of radiation -- "  we still have to figure out how to adequately protect them , " said Stofan . The thin atmosphere would also make landing difficult , particularly for a heavy spaceship loaded with equipment and people . "  If you think of the Apollo capsule coming into Earth with a parachute , the Mars atmosphere is just so thin you 've got to find some way of slowing yourself down really rapidly , " explained Stofan , the daughter of a NASA engineer who watched her first rocket launch as a four-year-old . At the time , the un-manned launch spectacularly exploded , leaving a huge impression on the little girl who decades later has set her sights on a mission to Mars . The interplanetary endeavor has more to do with unlocking Earth 's secrets than you might think . "  Being able to compare the Earth to Venus , to Mars , and studying these same processes all around the solar system -- all of a sudden you get smarter about your own planet , " explained Stofan . "  If you 're a doctor and you only have one patient , then you 'd never really understand the progression of disease . You need lots of patients , and scientists learn more about the Earth by studying lots of planets . " Star Wars reality But with so many earthly problems , does it pay to point billion dollar budgets at the skies ? "  You know , we 're really spending that money here on Earth , " said Stofan . "  We get amazing technology spinoffs from the work NASA has done , " she adds , listing everything from fuel efficient winglets on airplanes , to air traffic control systems , and equipment for measuring climate change . Science fiction becomes reality in NASA 's lab , with the hovering orb seen in Star Wars -- fans will remember Luke Skywalker using it during light-saber training -- inspiring real-life gadgets on board the International Space Station . "  Think about these things you used to see on TV from science fiction , like communicators on Star Trek , well now we actually have them , " said Stofan . "  Space exploration pushes us to say ` here 's things we 've just dreamed about , but we can turn that into reality . ' " Marvin the Martian Does that mean she also believes in intelligent life ? "  I think there has to be in the universe -- how easy it 's going to be to find , is another question , " said Stofan . "  Statistically every time you 're looking at a star you 're likely to be looking at a planetary system . Play the math game , there 's billions of stars , so eventually you 'll come out saying there has to be another body where life could have evolved to a fairly sophisticated level . "  Now , do I think they 're visiting here and altering people 's crop patterns ? No . If they were smart enough to get here , we would know about it . " Women 's business ? As a women working at NASA , sometimes it 's Stofan who feels like the alien in the room , admitting : "  I had to work four times as hard to be taken half as seriously . " "  I still go into most meetings and I will look around the room and I just suddenly register the male to female ratio -- women usually make up 10 % to 20 % in any room I 'm in , at best . " It 's a ratio fairly consistent with women working across STEM sectors  science , technology , engineering , math  in the U.S. , and Stofan speaks passionately about the need for "  all hands on deck . " "  When you have problems like trying to get humans down onto the surface of Mars , if you do n't have all the best minds in the world -- not just white men -- then you 're not utilizing humanity the way you should . " Landing a human on Mars would inspire a new generation of scientists -- the likes of which we have n't seen since the Apollo mission 45 years ago , says Stofan . "  It 's a great international human endeavor , with all the nations of the world moving out beyond Earth to explore a new planet , a new world . "  And doing it together . " Watch : The comedian and her robot sidekick Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know	NASA chief scientist , Ellen Stofan , wants humans on Mars by mid-2030s Astronauts would take 8 months to reach planet , face radiation , thin atmosphere Studying Mars would help us better understand Earth Believes there must be intelligent life in our universe
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Gunmen shot and killed a Saudi diplomat in Dhaka , Bangladesh 's capital , on Tuesday , police said . Bangladesh police said Khalaf Al Ali , 45 , had served two years at the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Dhaka as head of citizens ' affairs . The Saudi Embassy in Dhaka confirmed the death but declined to make a comment . Ali was shot dead in the city 's highly secured Gulshan diplomatic zone in front of his rented apartment at about 1 a.m. Tuesday , and he died at a local hospital about 5 p.m. , authorities said . Lutful Kabir , a deputy commissioner of Dhaka 's metropolitan police , said no motive for the killing has been found . "  He was shot in the left chest from a close distance , " he said after an initial investigation . "  We 're shocked . ... It 's unexpected and unfortunate . ... We 'll use all possible means to bring the culprits to book , " Bangladeshi Foreign Minister Dipu Moni said . "  Bangladesh and Saudi Arabia maintain very good relations , and I believe it will not affect the relations , " she said . Police said Ali lived alone at his Gulshan apartment and went for a walk late every night . Tapos Rema , a guard at the Saudi official 's home , said Ali went for the walk as usual and was attacked when he returned . Witnesses said that when Ali was near his home , shots were fired from a car that then fled . Shamsul Islam , a junior Bangladeshi minister for home affairs , said "  the matter is being investigated , and we 'll bring the perpetrators to justice as soon as possible . " Saudi Arabia , where more than 2 million Bangladeshis stay and work , is a key ally and a major donor to Bangladesh . In recent years , Riyadh has tightened recruitment from Bangladesh . In October , Saudi authorities executed eight Bangladeshi workers in public for their alleged involvement in an armed robbery in which an Egyptian security guard was killed . Dhaka criticized the beheadings , as did the United Nations .	Authorities say Khalaf Al Ali , 45 , was shot about 1 a.m. Tuesday and died about 5 p.m. Crime occurred in Dhaka 's highly secured Gulshan diplomatic zone at Ali 's rented apartment Guard at the home said Ali went for his usual walk and was attacked when he returned Dhaka metropolitan police say no motive has been found
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida woman accused of killing her toddler daughter made a rare court appearance Thursday for a hearing regarding "  disturbing " images of the scene where her daughter 's skeletal remains were found . Caylee Anthony , 2 , had been missing since June in a case that has received national attention . The hearing began without Casey Anthony , as defense attorney Jose Baez saying she waived her right to appear . But prosecutors objected , saying Anthony should be brought into court and questioned before waiving her appearance . Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland agreed , sending deputies to retrieve Anthony from jail but starting the hearing without her . She later was brought in , wearing navy jail scrubs . Answering Strickland 's questions in a clear voice , Anthony confirmed that she had waived her right to appear in court . Watch Casey Anthony appear in court " Strickland , however , had her remain for the rest of the hearing . She sat expressionless , appearing to listen closely as prosecutors and defense attorneys hashed out routine discovery and evidentiary issues . Anthony , 22 , is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee , who was last reported seen in June . She was arrested in October and charged with first-degree murder and other offenses , even though Caylee 's body had not been found . The girl 's skeletal remains were found last month in woods about a half-mile from the home of Anthony 's parents , where Caylee and her mother had been living . Authorities have been unable to determine how the girl died but said she was the victim of a homicide . In Thursday 's hearing , prosecutors and defense attorneys wrangled over defense experts ' access to images from the scene where the body was found . Prosecutors said they did not want the defense to copy , print or send any photos or X-rays of Caylee to their experts , many of whom were outside Florida , out of concern they might wind up in the media 's hands . Because the experts are outside the jurisdiction of the Florida court , Strickland would have little recourse if the photos wound up "  displayed on some magazine at the checkout at the Publix , " prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick said Thursday . The pictures "  are not necessarily gruesome , but they are disturbing , " especially images of the child 's skull when it was found and removed from the woods , she said . Baez agreed he did not want the photos to be made public , and said he doubted his experts would jeopardize their reputations by leaking them , noting they have signed confidentiality agreements . The parties agreed that the defense would set up a secure Web site for its experts to evaluate the photographs . Strickland also ordered Baez not to copy the images or transmit them in any way . In an earlier hearing Thursday , another Orange County circuit judge ruled that a lawsuit filed against Anthony may proceed , but the judge is not requiring Anthony to submit to a deposition at this time . In questioning after Caylee 's disappearance , Anthony told police she had left the child with a baby sitter named Zenaida Gonzalez and had not seen her since . Checking out her story , authorities found that the apartment where Anthony said she left Caylee was vacant and located a Zenaida Gonzalez , who said she had never met Anthony . Gonzalez filed a defamation suit against Anthony , saying that as a result of Anthony 's statements , she has been suspected wrongly of involvement in Caylee 's disappearance . Her attorney , John Morgan , told the judge Thursday that Gonzalez lost her job because of those claims . Anthony 's defense attorneys asked that proceedings in the Gonzalez suit -- specifically , Anthony 's deposition -- be postponed until the criminal case against Anthony is resolved , because Anthony 's answers to questions in the deposition could potentially incriminate her , meaning she would have to invoke her Fifth Amendment right in refusing to answer . Circuit Judge Jose Rodriguez agreed that Anthony should not be compelled to undergo an oral deposition , but said Morgan could depose her with written questions and answers . "  No matter how much we want to separate these cases , they 're intertwined , " Rodriguez said in issuing his decision . Morgan noted that Anthony has filed a countersuit against Gonzalez , and said Anthony can not duck a deposition at the same time that she is suing his client . "  They can not have their cake and eat it too , " Morgan said , adding that Anthony "  ca n't sue someone and then say , ` You ca n't question me because of the Fifth Amendment . ' " Anthony 's countersuit accuses Gonzalez of attempting to cash in on the high-profile case . A trial date has not been set for Anthony , who could face a sentence of life in prison if convicted of killing Caylee . Prosecutors have said they will not seek the death penalty against her .	Judge calls Casey Anthony to hearing at request of prosecutor Hearing focuses in part on how to share crime scene images with defense experts Prosecutors fear images could wind up in hands of media In separate hearing , judge says defamation suit against Anthony can proceed
A man walks into a supermarket , hands over a beer can and receives money back . This may seem contrary to the natural order -- but it 's all part of brewer Carlsberg 's sustainability drive . Central to this is Carlsberg 's use of Denmark 's reverse vending machines , run by Dansk Retursystem . There are 3,000 of these futuristic reverse vending machines dotted around Denmark , through which 3 million items are deposited every day . You put a can or bottle into the machine and it gives you a voucher or money back for your efforts . The number of packages returning through the system is astonishing : 90 % of cans designed for single use are recycled , and nearly 100 % of refillable bottles find their way back to Carlsberg . The brewing giant 's bottles and cans themselves are designed to be as sustainable as possible . To make packaging more environmentally friendly , "  the most obvious thing we can do is reduce the weight , " said Simon Hoffmeyer Boas , CSR manager . Lighter products can lessen energy needed in the manufacturing process , and "  within the last 20 years the average weight of a glass bottle has been reduced by approximately 30 % , " Hoffmeyer Boas said . The innovation makes the bottles cheaper to manufacture , alongside being better for the environment . "  For us sustainability , or CSR , is business , it 's not something that is detached , " he said . From the barley to the bottle , every part of the process is scrutinized by the company 's research and development department to ensure it meets or beats sustainable targets . In the Carlsberg laboratory , where the pH scale was developed , new types of barley are developed . In 2010 the company introduced the Null Lox variety . Brigitte Skadhuge , director of applied research , told CNN that type of barley "  helps beer to stay fresh for a longer time than traditional beer . " That gives beer a longer shelf life , reducing waste . The by-product of the spent grain also helps power the plant . The husk , the outer covering of the barley grain , is placed in a bi-fermentor which transforms the cellulose into methane gas . This gas provides 90 % of the thermal energy needed at the plant . Even the waste from the waste is put to good use -- the waste from the bio-fermentor is used as a natural fertiliser in the barley fields .	There are 3000 of reverse vending machines dotted around Denmark Bottles and cans themselves are designed to be as sustainable as possible 90 % of cans and 100 % of the refillable bottles are deposited in the machines
CNN  -- An 18-year-old Florida student is set to return to class Wednesday after he says he was suspended when school officials learned of his pornographic online photos and videos . Robert Marucci , a senior at Cocoa High School in Cocoa , Florida , told CNN affiliate WKMG that he picked up his X-rated gig to help his mom pay the bills . His mom , Melyssa Lieb , said when students discovered the explicit material online , her son became a target . "  He was bullied , he was threatened . " Then , according to Lieb , her son was suspended , because the principal did n't approve of his after-school activities . Lieb told CNN affiliate WPLG , "  I think that it is Dr.  Stephanie  Soliven 's morals and her personal beliefs and I do n't think that this is anybody 's business except for my son 's . The children at the school found  the porn  , and she did n't do anything to stop it . " According to WPLG , Lieb said the principal told her , "  He was expelled due to his explicit lifestyle career . " Brevard County Schools spokeswoman Michelle Irwin disputed the mother 's account , saying that although a campus monitor overheard the chatter surrounding Marucci and his work , Marucci was n't suspended as a result of his explicit videos . Instead he was suspended because of an investigation of the teen and "  possible threats " he made , she said . Irwin told CNN Tuesday that Soliven , the principal , never had a conversation with Marucci 's mother indicating her disapproval of his lifestyle and only offered resources to the teen in support of his "  alternative lifestyle . " After a four-day suspension , school administrators cleared Marucci of any suspicion Monday , and he will be allowed to return to school Wednesday , according to Irwin . Irwin also said that she was n't aware of any bullying of Marucci and that the student never filed any formal bullying complaints . Irwin told CNN that the school district would never suspend a student for any legal career they pursue outside of school hours , saying if Marucci was "  a drug dealer for instance , that would be a different story . " A Facebook group created in support of Marucci has a little more than 500 members . Dozens of students were involved in a walkout on Friday , protesting the teen 's suspension . CNN 's calls to Robert Marucci 's home and the website for which he works were not returned . Young adult books and sex A lover and a fighter : The life of a porn star Porn stars use Twitter to go mainstream Linda Lovelace : Inside the life of the ` Deep Throat ' star	Robert Marucci was suspended from school after his X-rated videos were found Marucci , 18 , says he took the job to help pay bills at home Marucci was suspended because of threats , not videos , school district says Teen was threatened when other students found videos , his mother says
CNN  -- Driver 's licenses and other state benefits are at the heart of a new battle in the national immigration debate . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer fired the opening salvo last week , on the same day that federal authorities began accepting applications for a program aimed at helping tens of thousands of young immigrants who entered the country illegally as children . Brewer ordered officials in her state not to provide driver 's licenses or any other benefits to immigrants granted "  deferred status " under the new federal program , which allows accepted applicants to remain in the United States and work without fear of deportation for at least two years . Undocumented immigrants take chance of a lifetime "  A lot of these issues are in uncharted waters . In this particular area , which is how do you treat people that are deferred action , there 's very little legal precedent to go by , " said Muzaffar Chishti , director of the Migration Policy Institute 's office at the New York University School of Law . "  States are making their own judgments . " That means the actual benefits recipients see could depend on where they live . Governors in Nebraska and Texas have already followed Brewer 's lead . "  The state of Nebraska will continue its practice of not issuing driver 's licenses , welfare benefits or other public benefits to illegal immigrants unless specifically authorized by Nebraska statute , " Gov. Dave Heineman said Friday . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has said that the federal immigration "  directive does not undermine or change our state laws , " writing in a letter to the state 's attorney general that the federal guidelines "  confer absolutely no legal status whatsoever " on any immigrant who qualifies . But California is moving toward granting licenses to the influx of undocumented immigrants expected to take advantage of the federal policy , as is Oregon . "  We 're still trying to sort out what this new limbo category means for states , " said Ann Morse , program director of the Immigrant Policy Project at the National Conference of State Legislatures . Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who arrived in the United States before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military , can get a two-year deferral from deportation and apply for work permits . A memo outlining the Obama administration 's policy states that the program does not grant legal status . But it does provide for a work permit and , presumably , the benefits that come with it . The policy does n't grant "  legal status , " but does give "  legal presence , " Morse said . State authorities , she said , are struggling to answer a key question : "  What do these two terms mean , and how do they intersect ? " Undocumented immigrants line up for relief from deportation For Brewer , Heineman and Perry , the two do n't intersect . "  If lawful status is required to receive a benefit , an individual will need to seek lawful status , not deferred action , " Perry spokeswoman Lucy Nashed said . So if undocumented immigrants in their states could n't get licenses before , they ca n't get them now , since the legal status of the immigrants has not changed , their argument goes . In some states , a work visa could be enough to establish legal presence and receive a driver 's license , said Ian Grossman , vice president of the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators . The topic has been coming up for many state officials , he said . "  They 're definitely talking about it . The consensus is that well , we have our rules of who 's eligible for a license , " he said . "  At the end of the day , it 's a state-issued document , and the state has the authority to determine who is eligible for that document . " But in every state , the statutes determining those rules are different . "  It 's too early to qualify or really predict what the impact may or may not be , " he said . Even in some states that have passed strong anti-illegal immigration laws , such as Georgia , driver 's licenses may be available to undocumented immigrants who qualify under the new policy . Under current Georgia law , people with deferred status can get a license , and that 's what the state will do unless it gets different orders , said Susan Sports , spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Driver Services . "  We 're waiting for direction , " she said . The situation could be even more complicated when it comes to university tuition . Policies in different states vary , from barring undocumented immigrants from enrolling at all , to granting them in-state tuition . In Georgia , the tuition rules are not mandated by law , but by university regents , said Charles Kuck , an immigration attorney in Atlanta . Once these new young immigrants are able to get Social Security numbers and driver 's licenses , they may qualify for more benefits , he said . 5 things to know about the big change in immigration policy States such as Arizona can not discriminate against the new deferred action holders , and will eventually have to relent , Kuck argued . Immigration lawyers are aware of the driver 's license issue , but are more focused right now on helping immigrants apply to the deferred action program , said Carlina Tapia-Ruano , former president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association . "  Once applicants are approved , we will then as a group turn our attention to how to resolve this problem , " the Chicago-based immigration attorney said . "  Our concern  now  is not can you get a driver 's license . Our concern is how can we get you qualified to get a work permit . " But battle lines are already being drawn in the latest war between the states and the federal government on immigration legislation , said Chishti of the Migration Policy Institute . "  States that have chosen to be welcoming towards immigrants will embrace this program through their state policies , and states that have been somewhat restrictive toward immigration and immigrants will see this as a new occasion to restrict state benefits from these programs , " he said . U.S. Department of Homeland Security spokesman Peter Boogaard said that the agency "  does n't comment on state specific matters . " Faces of hope line up for two more years in the U.S. . But he noted , in a written statement , that the department 's deferred action program "  is only a temporary measure . " "  Congress must still act to provide a permanent solution to fix the broken immigration system , " he said . "  Until Congress acts , DHS is dedicated to implementing smart , effective reforms to the immigration system that allow it to focus its resources on common sense enforcement priorities , including criminals and other public safety threats . " In her executive order last week , Brewer said giving deferred action recipients "  improper access " to state and local benefits would "  have significant and lasting impacts on the Arizona budget , its health care system and additional public benefits that Arizona taxpayers fund . " Critics have slammed the Arizona governor 's approach . "  Brewer is distorting federal law and inaccurately interpreting state law , " Alessandra Soler , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , said in a statement . "  This order conflicts with state and federal law , because people who are granted deferred action will , in fact , have authorized presence in the United States . " Governors in Arizona , Nebraska and Texas are "  shooting their economies right in the foot , " said Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum . "  If this political grandstanding is successful , what will happen is that job creators wo n't be able to drive to the small business they want to start , and this new class of taxpayers will be kept from contributing to their states , " said Noorani . "  At the state level , we 're going to watch this very closely . " Chishti , of the Migration Policy Institute , said the battle could end up in the halls of state legislatures -- or at the U.S. Supreme Court . Court blocks provisions in immigration laws , lets some controversial ones stand	Arizona 's governor : Immigrants granted "  deferred status " ca n't get driver 's licenses Official : "  We 're still trying to find out what this new limbo category means for states " Analyst : "  A lot of these issues are in uncharted waters " The benefits recipients see could depend on where they live
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery is set to launch next week on a mission to the international space station , NASA 's Flight Readiness Review team said Wednesday . The space shuttle Discovery is brought by crawler to its pad at Cape Canaveral , Florida , on August 4 . Launch is scheduled for 1:36 a.m. ET Tuesday , NASA said . However , launches often are delayed because of inclement weather or technical concerns . Discovery will carry a crew of seven astronauts as it ferries equipment to the space station . One of the astronauts , Nicole Stott , will remain on the space station as a flight engineer , replacing astronaut Timothy Kopra , who will return home aboard Discovery as a mission specialist , according to the NASA Web page for the mission . Discovery will also be carrying the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill  COLBERT  to the space station . The treadmill is named for fake newsman Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report . " Earlier this year , NASA conducted an online poll to name the space station 's newest compartment , asking voters to choose one of four given options or offer their own suggestion . Colbert urged his viewers to suggest "  Colbert , " which won . But Colbert and the space agency compromised to give the moniker to the treadmill instead . The new module was given the name Tranquility . "  I 'm so proud my treadmill will be going into space to help trim down those famously fat astronauts . Lay off the Tang , Chubby ! " Colbert said in a statement . The mission will be Discovery 's 37th to space , and the 30th shuttle mission dedicated to assembly and maintenance of the space station , NASA says .	NASA : Discovery slated to lift off Tuesday on mission to international space station Shuttle will carry a crew of seven , ferry equipment to the space station Astronaut Nicole Stott will remain on the space station as a flight engineer Shuttle to deliver treadmill named after comedian Stephen Colbert
CNN  -- Steven Soderbergh made certain his new movie , "  Che , " about the life of revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara , could n't be attacked -- at least on a factual level . Steven Soderbergh hewed close to the facts in making the four-hour "  Che , " starring Benicio Del Toro , right . "  I did n't mind someone saying , ` Well , your take on him , I do n't really like , ' or ` You 've left these things out and included these things . ' That 's fine , " Soderbergh said . "  What I did n't want was for somebody to be able to look at a scene and say , ` That never happened . ' " But he 's aware that he 's going to be accused of romanticizing the Argentine doctor and Marxist guerrilla who helped Cuba 's Fidel Castro launch the first and only victorious socialist revolution in the Americas . He does n't buy the criticism . "  I do n't have sort of a personal investment in making him look one way or another , " Soderbergh said in one interview with CNN . "  I picked -LSB- these periods in his life -RSB- because I was interested in the specifics of how you wage a war like this -- mostly because I do n't believe you can wage a war like this anymore . " In a separate interview , he added , "  He killed people and he was pretty up-front about it , and he was a hard character . And the movie 's kind of a process film about trying to wage a certain kind of revolution . ... I think he comes across as pretty tough . " For the director , profiling Guevara meant a lot of research . Soderbergh read everything he could find on Guevara from both supporters and opponents ; he wanted to make sure he correctly told the story many Cubans know by heart . Watch an extensive interview with Soderbergh : Part 1 " Part 2 " "  Che " is the kind of project that few directors besides Soderbergh might try . The director is known for varying his Hollywood productions , such as "  Erin Brockovich " and "  Ocean 's Eleven , " with quirky personal films such as "  Full Frontal " and "  Bubble . " "  Che , " shot in Spanish , is a two-part biographical film that runs more than four hours overall . Part one , "  The Argentine , " portrays Guevara 's role in the revolution that overthrew Cuban leader Fulgencio Batista in 1959 . Part two , "  Guerrilla , " shows his later efforts in Africa and Bolivia . Guevara was executed in Bolivia in 1967 after trying to foment revolution in the South American country . "  I have to say , it is probably one of the most difficult movies I 've ever made , " actor Benicio Del Toro said . "  The way I felt on a Monday in -LSB- shooting -RSB- this movie is the equivalent to how I felt at the end of the week of another movie . " Del Toro , who also co-produced "  Che , " plays Guevara in the film , and Mexican actor Demian Bichir plays Castro . Although Del Toro is well known for his Oscar-winning performance in "  Traffic "  also directed by Soderbergh  , Bichir is not as recognizable outside his native country . "  Demian , though , was very crucial , " Soderbergh said . "  Because if we do n't have someone who can go head to head with Benicio and feel like he 's just as strong , then the movie does n't work at all . And I was really impressed by -LSB- Bichir 's -RSB- confidence . Because that 's what Fidel really has more than anything , is that confidence . " Soderbergh , who said he was first approached by Del Toro to do the project while making "  Traffic " in 2000 , is just as happy with his language choice for the Spanish-language film . He feels "  Che " would not have earned respect as an English-speaking movie . "  It seemed weird to make a movie about one of the most vocal anti-imperialists of the 20th century and use the language of the imperialists , " he said . "  That just did n't make any sense to me . " Soderbergh hopes the practice of doing foreign films in English will go out of practice completely , and Del Toro agrees . The actor believes it is time the United States , Britain and Australia see movies the way the rest of the world has been seeing them for decades -- with subtitles . "  I think it helps relationships , " Del Toro said . "  I think it 's good to have movies from different cultures . And , you know , the only way you are going to understand them is -LSB- with -RSB- subtitles . " Though he was born and spent part of his childhood in Puerto Rico , Del Toro -- who describes himself as "  a Hollywood actor " -- said speaking Spanish in "  Che " did n't come easy . "  I 'm lucky that I 'm bilingual , " he said . But Soderbergh readily admits he was greatly affected by the language barrier . Fortunately , he added , he understands enough Spanish to know when there was a problem with translation , and the rest he accepted peacefully . "  I found it really pleasant to not understand the language completely , because then it becomes like music and you can tell when the notes do n't sound right , " he said . The cast filmed on location in Spain , Mexico , Puerto Rico and Bolivia . While Soderbergh was frustrated by the U.S. embargo on Cuba that kept him from filming in the country itself , he enjoyed working in remote places without distractions . "  I like the ` man with the movie camera ' aspect of going out there and getting stuff that you ca n't get any other way , " Soderbergh said . "  I got a sense that that part really did appeal to Che . That he really did love being out there with the group , doing this one thing that they were trying to do . " The New Year marks the 50th anniversary of Guevara and Castro 's overthrow of the U.S.-supported dictator Batista . Though realizing Cuba and its revolutionary personalities remain a subject of controversy in America , Soderbergh hopes people take a step back and look at the big picture from the perspective of history . "  I think there 's a lot of information , a lot of detail about both these campaigns -- Cuba and Bolivia -- that do n't generally come out in the stories about these two battles , " he said . "  I thought it was all pretty interesting . " Del Toro agreed . "  Because I got this job , I learned a lot about -- more than what I knew -- about the history of Latin America , the history of Cuba , the history of the '60s , " he said . "  That was part of the fun of doing this movie . "	Steven Soderbergh 's new film a four-hour epic on Che Guevara Benicio Del Toro plays Guevara , Marxist guerrilla executed in 1967 Soderbergh does n't mind if people disagree with film , wants facts straight
CNN  -- At least three people were killed and scores injured in a blast in downtown Mombasa on Saturday , the Kenyan Interior Ministry said . The explosion was caused by a grenade that was hurled at a crowd , the ministry said via Twitter . Eleven of the injured were taken to Coast General Hospital , according to the ministry . A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach , also in Mombasa , the ministry said . Several people at the Reef Hotel were injured in the Nyali Beach explosion , CNN affiliate KTN reported . The Interior Ministry , however , said there were no casualties in the second explosion . An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate when a bag was noticed and people took cover , the ministry said . The Nyali area is home to resorts and hotels along the coast . 4 killed in blast in Nairobi suburb 6 killed in blast in Kenya ; appears to be ` deliberate attack ' New law legalizes polygamy ; women 's group applauds it	A grenade hurled at a crowd kills at least three and injures scores , Interior Ministry says A second explosion was reported near the tourist area of Nyali Beach An improvised explosive device was discovered at the Reef Hotel gate
CNN  -- Rescued after spending eight days lost at sea , Tressel Hawkins was happy to be back in Texas . Three missing boaters were returned safely to Port Aransas , Texas , after their rescue on Saturday . "  Actually , it feels great to be on solid ground , " he told CNN on Sunday . Hawkins , 43 , and his fellow boaters , Curtis Hall , 28 , and James Phillips , 30 , set out to catch swordfish and marlin when they set sail about 100 miles south of Matagorda Bay in Texas . But one night early on during their trip in the Gulf of Mexico , Hawkins was jolted by a "  rude awakening . " The bean bag Hawkins was sleeping on started to float beneath him , he said . There was a water extractor malfunction , causing so much water to get into the boat that the water was knee high , he said . Watch CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield talk to Hawkins " There were yells and screams and attempts to stop the flooding , but it was too late . The boat capsized . They jumped ship , wondering how it all happened so quickly . "  We 're just trying to get each other calm and try to get as much stuff as we could because we knew automatically it was going to be a survival test , " he said . Watch two other fishermen describe ordeal " The men were missing at sea since August 22 . The Coast Guard had searched a week for three men before calling off the search Friday after it said it had looked more than 86,000 square miles . A day after the Coast Guard ended its search , the crew of a private vessel found the three sitting on top of their capsized 23-foot fishing vessel about 180 miles from Port Aransas , Texas , the Coast Guard said in a news release . Hawkins said that when they saw the boat they waved it down to catch the boaters ' attention . They were all "  crying " and "  celebrating . " "  We had been through so much of an ordeal we were already celebrating before we got on his boat . " After the rescue , Hall went to a hospital in Corpus Christi , Texas , but left after he waited too long in the emergency room , his mother told CNN . He returned to his home in Palacio , Texas , to rest and will see a doctor later on Sunday for what he thinks are second-degree burns on his legs from sun exposure , she said . Phillips was on his way home to reunite with his family , his wife , Shane , told CNN . He did not seek medical attention , she said . Hawkins suffered open sores on his legs after floating in the water for eight days . He plans to head to Fort Worth , Texas , to reunite with his family , he said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Karen Zuker contributed to this report .	Three fishermen missing since August 22 were found Saturday on capsized boat Boater spotted fishermen about 180 miles from coast of Port Aransas , Texas Coast Guard had called off search for men on Friday
CNN  -- There are not many places where Rafael Nadal can escape . As one of the world 's most high-profile athletes , his every move is under scrutiny -- especially now after his withdrawal from the London 2012 Olympics and this month 's U.S. Open has created widespread speculation about his future as a force in tennis . He 's one of the most intense men to step foot on a court , and his aggressive , muscular style has contributed to the injuries that have blighted his career in recent years , meaning he has required long periods of recuperation . So where does the Spaniard go when he wants to get away from it all and recover from his punishing schedule ? An island paradise he calls home . "  What Mallorca gives Rafael is tranquility , " the 26-year-old 's coach and uncle Toni Nadal told CNN . "  He feels comfortable here . The Mallorcan character is very familiar , not only our family , but most of the Mallorcan families . "  Apart from being very familiar , we are people who normally love our homeland . We all feel very comfortable here , no ? Therefore , for Rafael it 's normal . He 's got his friends here , his family , his birthplace , he 's always had a good grounding . " Tennis rivals fear for injured Nadal 's future While many sports stars move to glamorous tax havens such as Monaco , Nadal chooses to stay close to his roots -- and the beautiful Balearic island has its attractions . From Claudia Schiffer to Boris Becker and even the King of Spain himself , it has played host to the rich and famous for many years . Located just off the coast of Spain in the western Mediterranean , about 209 kilometers south of Barcelona and 241 km east of Valencia , Mallorca is the largest of a group of islands including Ibiza , Menorca and Formentera . With its idyllic mountains , golden beaches and fertile strips of green , it is little wonder that one of tennis ' most successful men has remained in his home city rather than move abroad . "  It 's true that there are many people that when they 've traveled , when they 've had some success , it 's normal for them to change the place they live , " said Toni Nadal , who has coached Rafa since he was a small boy . "  Here in Mallorca it is less normal , because people here feels very attached to our homeland . I think that 's the reason why Rafael is still here . First because he loves Mallorca , he loves the sea , he likes being close to the family and his lifelong friends . That 's what I think is stopping him from going to other places . " Injury forces Nadal out of U.S. Open There 's also the fact that the 11-time grand slam champion , who won a record seventh French Open title in June , does not actually enjoy all the publicity he receives . "  You know , I am shy , " Nadal told CNN 's Open Court just days after pulling out of the Olympics due to his ongoing knee problems . "  I am a little less shy than I was a few years ago . That is something that is difficult to lose , but it is something that happens very often for me . "  I think I have learned a lot the last couple of years and I am able to relax a little bit more when I am with people . I enjoy it a little bit more than a few years ago , because I have a little bit more experience , and I have been in the same situation for a lot of times . " For some , the whirlwind rise to stardom may have proved difficult to adapt to with constant television coverage , sponsorship deals and attention coming from all directions . Although he is still adapting to the limelight , Nadal said he has come to terms with his position and the benefits it has brought . Nadal forced to withdraw from London Olympics "  I am a very lucky guy about what has happened to me . So I can not pretend to have everything that I have and not have a camera there or not have attention there , " he said . "  I really feel comfortable with that . I feel very lucky . Seriously , when I am here at home I really do n't have attention on me . I am a really normal guy and that 's very important to me . " Nadal remains one of the most down to earth sportsmen in the public eye and his desire to escape attention by staying in Mallorca and remaining with friends and family is somewhat of an anomaly . Those relationships have helped him to remain focused on his tennis and escape the pitfalls that fame often brings . "  I always like to do the things that I think are right , " he said . "  I am not trying to be a model , I am trying to be myself and do the right things . "  If what I am doing is a model , or is an example , is the right example , I am very happy , but I do n't pretend that . " The 100th-ranked player who defeated Nadal Since suffering a second-round shock defeat at Wimbledon against the world number 100 Lukas Rosol , Nadal has been suffering with a recurrence of his injuries . While the world No. 3 will be resting the tendonitis in his left knee , his rivals will be competing for glory at Flushing Meadows . Having missed much of the 2009 season with a similar injury , this latest setback has been all too familiar . Nadal 's disappointment at missing the Olympics was exacerbated by the fact he had to relinquish his role as the Spanish flagbearer at the opening ceremony . And while Nadal 's presence will be sorely missed in New York , his uncle remains philosophical about his nephew 's future . "  I said to him that life had treated him well enough to accept this disappointment , " explained Toni . "  I said that he 's seen himself in worse situations , worse situations of injury . It 's a disappointment , but it 's not the end of the world . "	Rafael Nadal has shunned the chance to leave his island home of Mallorca World number three will miss this month 's U.S. Open with knee problems Spaniards admits he has grown to live with his fame despite being shy His uncle and coach Toni backs Rafa to fight back from his latest setbacks
CNN  -- On Monday , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney called for the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate a series of recent leaks that critics charge are designed to bolster the national security credentials of the Obama administration . Investigations by special prosecutors can take on a life of their own . Recall that the investigation of the Whitewater real estate deal in Arkansas -- in which Bill and Hillary Clinton actually lost money -- morphed into the scandal of the Monica Lewinsky affair . During the George W. Bush administration , Scooter Libby , a top aide to Vice President Dick Cheney , was convicted not of leaking the name of CIA officer Valerie Plame but of making false statements to the FBI during its investigation of the leak and also perjuring himself . The recent leaks involve stories in The New York Times , Newsweek and the Associated Press that range from the hitherto undisclosed role of the United States in cyberattacks on Iran 's nuclear facilities to details about the president 's decision-making surrounding the selection of the targets of the CIA drone program in Pakistan and Yemen and the penetration by a spy of al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate . Earlier this month , Attorney General Eric Holder appointed two senior Department of Justice prosecutors to investigate the leaks , and the FBI is also investigating the matter . Have those leaks , as Romney claimed on Monday , "  put American interests and our people in jeopardy " ? It is not only Republicans making these charges . Well-regarded Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who heads the powerful Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer : "  I think what we 're seeing , Wolf , is an avalanche of leaks , and it is very , very disturbing . It 's dismayed our allies . It puts American lives in jeopardy . It puts our nation 's security in jeopardy . " The story that sparked these claims was David Sanger 's piece in The New York Times earlier this month about the U.S. role in cyberattacks against Iran 's key nuclear enrichment plant at Natanz , revelations that also appear in Sanger 's fascinating new book , "  Confront and Conceal . " Sanger goes into rich detail about how computer viruses were introduced into the Natanz plant and how they then took over the controls of the finely calibrated centrifuges that the Iranians use to enrich their uranium , causing the centrifuges to spin wildly out of control . But did this really hurt U.S. national security ? After all , the Iranians know that their problems with the centrifuges at Natanz are caused by cyberattacks and have publicly said so for the past two years . On November 29 , 2010 , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told reporters in Tehran , "  They succeeded in creating problems for a limited number of our centrifuges with the software they had installed in electronic parts . " Computer experts around the world who examined the Stuxnet virus , the first computer virus that was introduced into the Iranian nuclear program , concluded two years ago that this was a virus that was so complex that it could only have been generated by a state , and the only two states with the technical know-how and motive to write the code for such a virus were Israel and the United States . Last year , German computer security expert Ralph Langner , who had discovered the Stuxnet virus when it had first broken out of the Natanz plant , told a conference in California , "  My opinion is that the Mossad is involved . ... But , the leading source is not Israel . ... There is only one leading source , and that is the United States . " Sanger 's reporting about the cyberattacks on Iran revealed that the code name for the series of computer viruses unleashed on Iran 's nuclear program is "  Olympic Games " and also laid out some of the modus operandi of the viruses themselves , but since much of this was generally known by the Iranian regime , it is unlikely U.S. national security was really harmed by the disclosures . In fact , open discussion of the cyberattacks against Iran is in the public interest because three questions about the attacks quickly present themselves : -- What are the downsides of cyberattacks in a world that is so interconnected by the Internet ? -- Since it is the Pentagon 's official position that a serious cyberattack against the United States is a form of warfare , is the U.S. therefore already at war with Iran ? -- When does a covert action against an American enemy rise to a form of warfare that it merits a broader public discussion ? According to Sanger , his sources about Olympic Games included "  current and former American , European and Israeli officials involved in the program , as well as a range of outside experts . " So it is fair to assume that Sanger 's reporting was hardly dependent on a particular Obama administration official  or officials  but rather , as all good reporters do , Sanger put together a myriad of sources to arrive at the composite picture of Olympic Games that he paints for his readers . It is therefore quite unlikely that prosecutors will find particular officials behind the leaking but rather that Obama officials gave Sanger some small fragments of the Olympic Games story that he was then also able to piece together with the help of his Israeli and European sources , as well as experts on cybersecurity . Another story that has critics of the Obama administration steamed is that it has allowed to become public that the president personally approves "  kill lists " for CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , a story reported both by Jo Becker and Scott Shane in The New York Times and by Daniel Klaidman in Newsweek and in his excellent new book about Obama 's counterterrorism policies , "  Kill or Capture . " No such criticism attended the Bush administration 's decision to turn over to Bob Woodward the highly classified notes from "  50 National Security Council and other meetings " that became the basis for Woodward 's hagiographic book , "  Bush at War , " about the campaign to overthrow the Taliban during the fall of 2001 . There is nothing of substance to the criticism that discussion of the "  kill lists " endangers national security . After all , drone attacks are an entirely public form of supposedly secret warfare . A drone strike -- when a bomb or missile appears out of nowhere and incinerates some people in Pakistan 's tribal areas or in Yemen -- is a public event . And it 's a form of warfare that is , of course , well known to al Qaeda . The documents recovered at Osama bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound in Pakistan demonstrate how worried al Qaeda 's leaders were about the CIA drone strikes . Incidentally , the president 's being involved in making these life-or-death decisions about the fates of many hundreds of people in any given year is desirable . Is it a preferable alternative that he should n't be involved at all ? Also , discussion of the drone program is in the public interest as it 's a form of warfare that is unlikely to remain an American monopoly for much longer . After all , the U.S. has only had the ability to arm its own drones for the past decade , and many other countries now possess unarmed drones of their own . It wo n't be long before the Russians and the Chinese will be arming their own drones and precedents created by the Obama administration will surely be invoked by them . The one story that may be genuinely troubling from a national security perspective is the one written by the deeply sourced Adam Goldman and Matt Apuzzo at the AP , who made public in May that a plot to destroy a U.S. bound airliner using a souped-up new version of an "  underwear bomb " developed by al Qaeda 's Yemeni branch had had been thwarted by the CIA . As this story could have revealed "  sources and methods " that might affect the future ability of the CIA or of "  liaison services " working with the agency to penetrate al Qaeda in Yemen again , the precise source of this leak seems to be the most legitimate avenue of inquiry for the Justice Department and the FBI . Finally , is there any merit to the notion that the Obama administration is spilling secrets to burnish its national security record ? To help answer that question , let 's quickly recall some of that record : -- In the first two years of his presidency , Obama quintupled the number of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan , as a result more or less destroying al Qaeda there . -- Obama has conducted around 40 drone strikes and airstrikes in Yemen , compared with the Bush administration 's single drone strike there . -- One of those Obama drone strikes killed the New Mexico-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , which appears to be the first time an American president has authorized the assassination of a U.S. citizen . -- According to reliable news reports of drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , Obama has authorized strikes that led to the killing of at least 1,900 people , most of whom were militants but around 5 % of whom were civilians .  The toll of 1,900 is more than double the total number of detainees who have passed through Guantanamo  . -- And , of course , Obama ordered the raid that killed bin Laden , a decision that was made against the advice of two of his most senior advisers , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , who had served every president going back to Richard Nixon , and Vice President Joe Biden , who was elected to the Senate when Obama was 11 . This does not seem to be the record of a president who needs to bolster his national security credentials , something that seems to be well-understood by the American public . In a variety of recent polls , Obama and Romney are now running neck and neck , but a poll released this month by Fox News shows that Obama beats Romney by 11 points on foreign policy issues and by 13 points on terrorism . The irony of all the ruckus about the recent leaks is that the Obama administration , which came to power promising more government transparency , has been the most aggressive administration in U.S. history in its prosecution of alleged leaks to the press . It has invoked in six cases the rarely used 1917 Espionage Act to go after Americans not working for foreign intelligence services but who have leaked to the media . By and large , the leaks are a Washington pseudoscandal that has n't really harmed national security but have instead helped to foster a legitimate debate about the future of drone warfare and of cyberattacks that promise to transform warfare as much as fast-moving tanks changed the face of war in the mid-20th century .	Mitt Romney , others have called for special prosecutor on national security leaks Peter Bergen : Most of the info about drones , Stuxnet were known by adversaries He says argument that the leaks put U.S. interests and people in jeopardy does n't hold up Bergen : Public discussion of the implications of drones , computer wars is beneficial
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterrand said Thursday he will not resign over accounts in a book he wrote in 2005 about paying to have sex with "  boys " in Thailand . Frederic Mitterrand admitted to paying for sex with "  boys " in his 2005 autobiography , "  The Bad Life . " In an interview with French television network TF1 , Mitterrand said he "  absolutely condemn -LSB- s -RSB- sexual tourism , which is a disgrace , and ... pedophilia , " in which he insisted he has never participated . Despite the use of the French word "  garcon " in his 2005 book "  The Bad Life , " Mitterrand , 62 , has previously said the term did not mean "  little boys . " He said the males he paid for sex were his age , or maybe five years younger , but not underage -- and the relations were consensual . "  Anyway , you can recognize someone who 's 40 years old ... " he told TF1 . A 40-year-old man "  does n't look like a minor , " he added , suggesting that his partners were middle-aged men . His actions , Mitterrand said , were "  without a doubt , an error , " but "  a crime , no , " he said in the interview . Despite recent calls to resign from the far-right National Front and the left-leaning Socialist Party , Mitterrand , who is openly gay , vowed to stay in his job . He said he met Thursday morning with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and that the president supports him . In a July interview with the weekly French news magazine Le Nouvel Observateur , Sarkozy said he had read Mitterrand 's book , and found it "  courageous and talented . " The controversy over the revelations in his book -- which he called neither autobiography nor memoir -- erupted anew after Mitterrand deplored the arrest last week of filmmaker Roman Polanski , who fled the United States in 1977 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl . The culture minister told TF1 that he was "  too emotional " when he denounced the filmmaker 's arrest in Switzerland as "  horrifying . " "  To see him thrown to the lions for an old story that really has no meaning , and to see him alone , imprisoned , when he was going to attend a ceremony where he was to be honored , that is to say , he was trapped , it 's absolutely horrifying , " he said October 4 , according to Agence France Presse . The far-right National Front organized an anti-Mitterrand demonstration in Paris on Thursday evening . "  Send this message on to everyone who will not put up with this indecency ! " the party 's Web site said . The party 's vice president , Marine Le Pen , has demanded Mitterrand 's resignation for what she termed his sexually deviant acts . Mitterrand responded , saying , "  It 's an honor to be dragged through the mud by the National Front . " Mitterrand 's acts of "  sexual tourism " have left "  a dark smudge " on the government , Le Pen said . The group is also gathering signatures on a petition , online and on paper , from those who want Mitterrand to step down . "  We really hope he will resign , " National Front communications director Julien Sanchez told CNN . "  It 's an embarrassment for our country , that our culture minister has done this . It affects our international image . It 's not right , " he added . Watch report on the controversy surrounding French Culture Minister Frederic Mitterand " On the other side of the political spectrum , the left-leaning Socialist Party suggested Sarkozy should consider Mitterrand 's position . "  It 's up to President Sarkozy to decide whether or not we can be involved in the fight against child prostitution and sexual tourism , and whether or not the acts written in an autobiography -- written by a minister -- are acts of sexual commerce , " said party spokesman Benoit Hamon . "  If everything is relative and Mr. Mitterrand can be excused because he 's famous , well , I do n't excuse his behavior , " Hamon said . Martine Aubry , the leader of the Socialist Party , said she would wait until she had read the book before making any judgment . Mitterrand said on TF1 that he had had sexual relations with boys -- using the French word "  garcons " -- but added , "  you must not confuse pedophilia with homosexuality . " He also described his book as a mixture of his life and the life of others , and denied accusations that it was a glorification of sexual tourism . The minister said he never had sex with "  young boys " and denounced those who accused him of such acts , saying that maybe they were confusing their own fantasies with what the book was really about . Mitterrand told an interviewer in 2005 that assertions that he liked "  little boys " were untrue . "  It 's because when people say ` boys ' we imagine ` little boys , ' " he said then . "  How to explain that ? It belongs to this general puritanism which surrounds us , which always makes us paint a black picture of the situation . It has nothing to do with that . " Mitterrand was a television personality , not a government minister , when the book was published . It caused a stir upon its publication , as well , and has been the subject of heated debate several times since then . In one passage , published by the French newspaper Le Monde on Thursday , Mitterrand describes in detail a sexual encounter with a "  boy " he said was called Bird . "  My boy did n't say a word , he stood before me , immobile , his eyes still straight ahead and a half-smile on his lips . I wanted him so badly I was trembling , " he wrote . Mitterrand also wrote about visiting clubs to choose young male prostitutes in Thailand -- where prostitution is illegal and sexual intercourse with a minor is statutory rape and is punishable by imprisonment . "  Most of them are young , handsome and apparently unaware of the devastation that their activities could bring them . I would learn later that they did n't come every night , that they were often students , had a girlfriend and sometimes even lived with their families , who pretended not to know the source of their breadwinner 's earnings , " the book said . "  Some of them were older and there was also a small contingent of heavier bruisers , who also had their fans . It was the artistic side of the exposition : Their presence made the youthful charm of the others stand out . " He also wrote that while he had read reports and seen documentaries on the evils of "  le commerce des garcons "  the boy trade  -- the misery , the piles of money from which "  les gosses "  the kids  got only a few crumbs , the ravages of drugs -- "  all of these rituals of the fair of the youths , the slave market , excited me enormously . " "  The profusion of very attractive boys , immediately available , put me in a state of desire that I no longer had to restrain or conceal . " Mitterrand -- the nephew of the Socialist former president Francois Mitterrand -- joined Sarkozy 's center-right government this summer . Wikipedia , the user-edited online reference Web site , has locked down Mitterrand 's entry , preventing changes to it , in a possible sign of the intensity of the debate surrounding him . CNN 's Jen Carswell in Paris , France and Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Culture minister condemns sexual tourism , denies he is a pedophile Frederic Mitterrand , in 2005 book , wrote of paying for sex with "  boys " in Thailand Le Monde on Thursday published steamy excerpts from "  The Bad Life " Mitterand came to the defense of Roman Polanski after the filmmaker 's arrest
Some residents of Oakland , California , fear their community is creating a monster . The city calls it the Domain Awareness Center , but opponents call it a "  spy machine " and a potential "  tool of injustice . " Known as "  the DAC , " it 's a proposed central surveillance facility where authorities can monitor the Port of Oakland and the city 's airport to protect against potential terrorism . But the broader issue of centralized data surveillance poses serious privacy questions for millions of people in cities around the globe . In March , more than 100 worried Oakland residents waited past midnight to complain about it during a City Council meeting . Standing at the mic , Maya Shweiky , a self-described public school teacher and Muslim , warned lawmakers their proposal would be used to "  discriminate against minorities and perpetuate racial , religious and political profiling . " While the council voted on the proposal , rowdy protesters began chanting , "  No ! No ! No ! No ! " Council members have proposed expanding the DAC to add live , 24/7 data streams from closed circuit traffic cameras , police license plate readers , gunshot detectors and other sources from all over the entire city of Oakland . The danger , say opponents , is putting all these data resources into one place . "  If you need to go to four different locations to track someone 's movements across town , you 're not going to do it unless you have a good reason , " said Linda Lye of the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California . "  But when you can do it with the press of a button because it 's all at your fingertips , you 'll end up doing it based on your idle curiosity . " That , Lye said , creates a situation ripe for abuse . Oakland represents just one battleground in a fiery debate about how cities should be using so-called "  Big Data , " especially aggregated video and other types of surveillance . City closed-circuit TV cameras performed famously when they helped identify suspected terrorists in London in 2005 and in Boston last year . Community surveillance 2.0 But the issue has progressed far beyond the power of a few hundred video cameras and streetlight posts . Community surveillance 2.0 is now all about huge data mash-ups and incredible software that quickly sorts through mountains of information . Bottom line : A relatively small number of people have easy access to data that can track your whereabouts . In many cities , cameras mounted on police patrol cars gather video of millions of license plates . That data that can be used to track vehicles , possibly yours . Add traffic cameras to the mix . Then include cameras at bus stops , airports and train stations . How about cameras owned by schools and private security companies ? The key to using all this information is the data-mining software that can easily and effectively rifle through it . Cities leading the way in video data collecting include London -- an early and strong adopter of widespread camera surveillance . The UK reportedly has 5.9 million CCTV cameras nationwide . For every 11 British citizens , there 's one CCTV camera , according to Salon . Nice , France , has been expanding its surveillance center , which is projected to eventually count one camera for every 500 residents . As Rio de Janeiro hosts the World Cup and the 2016 Olympics , the city plans to make heavy use of its IBM-designed Operations Center , which combines video and other data from 30 agencies including traffic cameras , subways and even weather satellites . The network includes more than 550 cameras , 400 employees and 60 different layers of data streamed from citywide sensors . Mayor Pedro Junqueira says the center helps emergency teams warn residents in landslide-prone areas when to evacuate during heavy rainstorms . The center also takes credit for a rapid response to an emergency after a truck toppled a pedestrian bridge , blocking lanes on a major highway . Traffic was back to normal within nine hours . Read more about Rio 's Operations Center In New York , a company called Placemeter is using feeds from hundreds of traffic video cameras to study 10 million pedestrian movements each day . It 's using that data to help businesses learn how to market to pedestrian consumers . Placemeter also says it wants to use the data to help consumers with information such as when to visit your neighborhood coffee bar when the line is shorter . Placemeter says it does n't store the video , nor does their analysis involve facial recognition . Watch how Placemeter uses mindblowing technology to track pedestrians Los Angeles Police use a game-changing data mining software program called Palantir that can claim the CIA as an early investor . Watch how LA police use Big Data to fight crime Lessons from Boston Last year 's Boston bombings investigation showed how fast police were able to sift through mountains of surveillance data . After London 's terrorist attacks in 2005 , it took thousands of investigators weeks to painstakingly analyze all the CCTV footage . Eight years later in Boston , the FBI was able to release blurry images of two suspects in just three days . Read more about the pros and cons of security cameras But the facial recognition data tools used in the Boston probe was n't perfect . Images of the two suspects were available in public data bases , but the computers that searched that data missed them , CNN 's Tom Foreman reported last year . Security analysts widely admit facial recognition technology is not yet good enough to spot a suspect in a crowd . Read more about facial recognition tech Studies trying to determine the crime-fighting effectiveness of cameras have been inconclusive . According to the Surveillance Studies Centre at Queen 's University in Ontario , urban surveillance systems have not been proved to have any effect on deterring criminals . But a study from the U.S. Justice Department says it depends on the circumstances . Sometimes cameras can be a "  potentially useful tool for preventing crimes " the study says , "  when actively monitored . " Meanwhile , U.S. communities are taking steps to make their surveillance more robust . -- Chicago : When the transit authority put more cameras in rail stations , crime went down , according to CNN affiliate WGN . -- Dayton , Ohio : Police plan a new crime fighting strategy that includes 27 video cameras placed downtown , according to the Dayton Daily News . -- Sacramento , California : The sheriff has asked homeowners and businesses to register their security cameras on the department 's website . Investigators would contact camera owners located near crime scenes to search their video for potential evidence , according to CNN affiliate KCRA . Even in tiny Chadbourn , North Carolina -- population about 2,000 -- CNN affiliate WECT reports they 're talking about putting a camera down at the local Piggly Wiggly grocery store . Cities looking for guidelines aimed at safeguarding surveillance centers from privacy abuses might look to The European Forum for Urban Security , which suggests putting systems into place that include mechanisms for transparency , independent oversight and accountability . Privacy safeguards are being put in place in Menlo Park , California , where leaders recently passed a law requiring all data captured by automated license plate readers to be destroyed after six months unless it 's part of an investigation . The whole issue is "  very explosive " and the Oakland City Council recognizes this , said the ACLU 's Lye . At the March meeting , after so many residents expressed their concerns , the council voted to curtail the scope of the DAC , limiting surveillance to just the port and the airport . The vote was 5-4 . "  There will be efforts in the future to expand the DAC to include city-based surveillance systems , " Lye warned . Oakland Mayor Jean Quan has promised to look into what privacy safeguards might be needed before trying again to expand the scope of the surveillance center . Quan , who favors the DAC , told the San Francisco Chronicle : "  This is obviously an issue that is splitting the country . " What do you think ? Do you believe one-stop city surveillance centers threaten your privacy ? Share your views with other CNN commenters below .	Oakland , California , debates creating a one-stop shop for video/data surveillance Opponents fear the ability to track people with "  the press of a button " will threaten civil liberties Central data surveillance poses serious privacy questions for millions around the globe Operations in London , Boston , Rio have resulted in success stories
CNN  -- Representing "  a new kind of authentic action genre , " according to co-director Mike "  Mouse " McCoy , or if you prefer , the same old , same old wearing a bright , shining sales gimmick , "  Act of Valor " is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military . Such partnerships are a propagandistic tradition that go back at least as far as John Wayne and "  The Sands of Iwo Jima . " Francis Coppola had to go to the Philippines to get the helicopters he needed for "  Apocalypse Now , " but "  Top Gun , " "  Transformers " and even "  Black Hawk Down " have benefited from the Pentagon 's largesse in terms of hardware and expertise . Still , McCoy and his partner , Scott Waugh ,  they style themselves "  The Bandito Brothers "  might be correct when they claim this is the first time real-life Navy SEALs have appeared  incognito  on camera in the principal roles . And if that is n't realistic enough for you , we 're told they used live ammunition in some of the firefights . There 's no official word on how many real-life terrorists were harmed in the making of this movie . In a brief infomercial that serves as a prologue to the main feature , McCoy somehow keeps a straight face as he claims there is no way an actor could reproduce the emotions the real-life SEALs feel whey they leave their wives and ship out on active duty . It 's not a very convincing argument -- Mouse , it 's called "  acting " -- and the thesis goes down in flames more or less every time one of the servicemen opens his mouth . Anonymous guy playing Senior , do n't give up the day job ! Too bad the Bandito Brothers ' nose for authenticity could n't sniff out the cliches in the stale , dopey screenplay turned in by "  300 " scribe Kurt Johnstad . The screenplay is a globe-hopping fantasy perpetuating the fashionable , paranoid myth that Central American drug barons are the natural allies of Jihadi terrorists . A single squad of SEALs connects the dots between a school bombing in Indonesia , a kidnapping in Costa Rica , covert meetings in the Ukraine and Somalia and suicide bombers tunneling into the United States from Mexico . Everywhere you look , shady foreigners are conspiring against us . Whatever you make of its reactionary politics , at least the action scenes are choreographed and filmed by Shane Hurlbut with a level of coherence that 's become rare in this genre -- even if the elaborate raids and skirmishes look more like a series of war games than actual combat . For a start , all the high-tech toys and gizmos actually work the way they 're supposed to . That goes for the SEALs too of course . There 's no equivalent here to the battle scene in the Afghan war documentary "  Restrepo , " in which we see even battle-hardened combat troops lose it when one of their comrades takes a lethal hit . There 's nothing equivalent to the Danish war documentary "  Armadillo , " either , in which we witness European peacekeepers unthinkingly break the Geneva Convention by murdering enemy casualties in the heat of battle ; nor the scenes in the Oscar-nominated documentary "  To Hell and Back , " in which a seriously wounded American vet struggles to get his life back together on home turf . That kind of authenticity is simply too hardcore for this Mickey Mouse action movie , a recruitment commercial that ultimately does a disservice to the troops by pretending that war is just like a movie -- and not a very good one at that .	"  Act of Valor " is the latest co-production between Hollywood and the U.S. military The directors claim this is the first time real Navy SEALS have appeared in principal roles The action scenes are choreographed and filmed with a level of coherence
It would be an understatement to say that Pakistan is under attack . This week , the Pakistani Taliban bypassed all security checks at the country 's largest airport in southern port city of Karachi . A few hours earlier , another affiliate of the Pakistani Taliban massacred nearly 30 members of Pakistan 's minority Shiite community in Balochistan province . A few hours after the Karachi airport was reclaimed by Pakistan 's security agencies , a suicide bomber rammed a truck into a military checkpoint in North Waziristan , close to the Afghanistan border , killing at least three soldiers . The attack on Karachi 's international airport resulted in the deaths of 29 people , including security personnel . The bodies of another seven cargo workers were recovered Tuesday from a cold storage facility at the airport . All 10 terrorists died during the assault . Even after those attacks , for the second time in two days , Pakistan 's largest and busiest airport was forced to shut down after militants launched a brazen attack on airport security forces . Tuesday 's assault targeted the Airport Security Forces academy near Karachi 's Jinnah International Airport , the airport 's manager told CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Karachi . The attackers fled , and no one was killed in the attack , officials said . The obvious question is : How did the militants manage to enter the airport premises with heavy arms and ammunition ? Major security lapses This security lapse however is not new . In 2009 , militants breached an otherwise impregnable fortress -- the General Headquarters of the Army in Rawalpindi -- and continued their operation for hours . Similarly , the Pakistani Taliban also attacked Karachi 's naval base in 2011 , destroying expensive equipment and killing 10 soldiers . In 2012 , they were also successful in carrying out suicide attacks at Peshawar 's International airport , resulting in more loss of life . Despite these major lapses , Pakistan 's system of intelligence gathering and sharing has been reformed . The new internal security policy , agreed in December 2013 , aims to centralize the intelligence sharing process , but it is yet to be implemented . In the case of the Karachi airport attack , the military 's swift response helped salvage the situation . Within five to seven hours the airport had been cleared and , given the high-value targets there , major damage was prevented . Military seizes initiative Another key feature of the operation was the decisive role of the military , as the civilian government apparently took a backseat . Under Pakistan 's constitution , federal ministries are responsible for aviation and airport administration , but the ministers were nowhere to be seen . Even in terms of media management , the military seized the initiative as the head of inter services public relations  ISPR  , a major general , was live tweeting and informing about the progress of the operations . In any other country this would not seem extraordinary . But , given Pakistan 's peculiar history and the recent civil-military tensions , these developments were meaningful . There was a clear public message that the Army was at the forefront and in control of security policy and operations . Negotiations with the TTP In the weeks before the attack , Pakistan 's civil and military branches of government had been struggling to find a way out to deal with the TTP . Formal talks with the TTP commenced in February 2014 but these disintegrated a fortnight ago . Concurrently , the military had been launching airstrikes and the Karachi attack came in the midst of policy shift in Islamabad . The airstrikes resumed after the airport attack was foiled . Since Pakistan 's new Army Chief Raheel Sharif assumed charge in November 2013 , the military has given clear signals of its intent to tackle the TTP militarily . The TTP is believed to have killed between 5,000 and 15,000 Pakistani soldiers including generals in recent years . Pakistan 's Army did not suffer such losses in three wars against India  1965 , 1971 and 1999  . Civilian leaders are worried about the potential backlash of such military operations . What complicates the issue further is that some of the factions of TTP are in league with the  Pakistan-friendly  Afghan Taliban , and an all-out operation would hit them as well . The Pakistani Taliban are not in a position to take over the country . However , the three terror incidents in the past 48 hours underscore their capacity to launch attacks on multiple fronts . They gained media attention and reminded everyone of their cohesion , weeks after reports that the TTP was in disarray after a major faction split from the group in May . Is the TTP in crisis or cohesive ? In its official statement accepting the responsibility for this attack , TTP cited the Karachi attack as a revenge for the martyrdom of its leader Hakimullah Mehsud , who was killed in a U.S. drone strike last year . Since then the TTP -- a loose umbrella of various militant groups -- has been in a crisis of sorts . Its leader Fazlullah reportedly operates from Afghanistan and , according to Pakistani official sources , gets support from the Afghan authorities . For the latter , Fazlullah 's presence is a lever to get even with Pakistan for its purported support to the Afghan Taliban , who launch frequent attacks and are contenders for the power pie after NATO 's drawdown in 2014 . It is unclear if the recent attacks will lead to the emergence of a coherent policy and civil-military consensus in Pakistan . Civilians are afraid of the reprisal attacks ; and the military is in no mood to allow TTP to continue killing its soldiers . And with the withdrawal of foreign troops , soon the neighboring Afghanistan may turn into an easier space for Pakistani Taliban and their affiliates . It is time for Pakistan to make a hard choice . In its strategic calculus , it needs to address mending relations with the Afghan government and viewing terrorism as a shared problem .	Airport attack was not Pakistan 's first security lapse Military has taken the lead in responding to the strike Pakistan 's government has struggled to negotiate with Taliban TTP used recent terror incidents to show cohesion , despite major faction split
CNN  -- The plight of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl who could die within weeks without a lung transplant has sparked a fight for new rules governing organ donations . Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition on Change.org , and a congressman has called on the Obama administration to take quick action . Sarah Murnaghan -- whose story CNN chronicled -- needs new lungs . She 's been in a Philadelphia hospital for months due to the cystic fibrosis that she 's had since birth . She 's at the top of the list for any pediatric lungs that may become available for transplant in her region . She 's been waiting for 18 months . None have come along . But doctors say modified adult lungs could help save her -- and adult lungs become available much more often . That 's where the rules becomes a problem . Kids under age 12 are n't prioritized for adult organs . So Sarah could only get available adult lungs if everyone else waiting for lungs in her region -- no matter how sick they are -- turns them down . Sarah 's mother , Janet Murnaghan , told CNN she was "  shocked " when she learned the rules a couple of weeks ago . The United Network for Organ Sharing  UNOS  manages the nation 's transplant system under contract with the Department of Health and Human Services . The network , established by Congress , is officially called the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network  OPTN  . Lawmaker assails ` tragic unfairness ' Rep. Patrick Meehan , a Republican who represents Sarah 's district , sent a letter Tuesday to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , calling on her to convene a meeting of the network 's leadership immediately "  to address this tragic unfairness and act to give Sarah a chance at life and an adult lung from the next available donor . Sarah 's young life literally hangs in the balance . " It 's a message echoed on the Change.org petition . "  This policy needs to change , " it reads . "  The OPTN/UNOS Lung Review Board , a national group of transplant physicians and surgeons , can make an exceptional ruling for Sarah . And they can recommend new policies . " People posted heartfelt messages along with their signatures . "  Because my daughter had  cystic fibrosis  and a double lung transplant . Give this little girl the life she is entitled to ! " wrote Reyna Kosla . "  She has just as much right to have a transplant as any adult . She could have her whole life if given that chance and for the parents to enjoy what some waiting adults have already experienced , " wrote Lorraine Husack . Organ network : Breaking the rules could hurt another patient OPTN issued a statement noting that there is a separate policy for children because the "  biological needs and circumstances of candidates younger than age 12 are different from either adolescent or adult candidates . One key difference is the size and lung capacity of donors and patients among these age ranges . " Kids younger than age 12 are prioritized for donations from other kids of similar age and size within a 1,000-mile radius . Policies allow "  status adjustments for specifically defined groups of candidates with unique medical circumstances not addressed by the overall policy , " the statement says . But , it adds , a "  request to adjust the status of a patient under age 12 so that they may be included in the allocation sequence for adolescents and adults is not within the scope of the existing lung allocation policy . OPTN can not create a policy exemption on behalf of an individual patient , since giving an advantage to one patient may unduly disadvantage others . " The network routinely reviews policies and considers "  public input as well as medical data and experience , " the statement said . Dr. Stuart Sweet , a board member at UNOS , helped develop the current policies . "  There is no perfect system , " he told CNN . "  It 's the best we can do right now . " Sweet said Sarah 's story "  tugs at his heart " but that if he changed the system for Sarah 's advantage , "  there 's another patient , very likely an adolescent , who gets a disadvantage . " "  We 've built a system that tries to be as fair to everyone as possible . " CNN 's Chris Welch , Zain Asher , and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan could die within weeks if she does n't get new lungs Rules allow children to be prioritized for similar size organs , but not adult organs A lawmaker calls on HHS Secretary Sebelius to convene a meeting immediately The agency managing organ donations and transplants says breaking rules could hurt patients
San Diego , California  CNN  -- It 's the law of unintended consequences . Each time Americans spend billions to fortify the border by building fences or hiring Border Patrol agents , human traffickers raise their prices . Today , it costs about $ 3,000 to move a person across the border . It 's less if you brave mountain lions and cross off the beaten path . It 's more if you cross near civilization and absolutely positively have to be there overnight . If we bolster enforcement , the price could soar to $ 6,000 . How do we win a battle against an opponent when , the more we spend to defeat him , the more we empower him to fight back ? This riddle could stump anyone , but President Barack Obama seems to find it especially difficult . Raised in Hawaii and having lived in Chicago , Obama is a newbie to the border . He 's made one memorable visit in 5Â 1/2 as president and he must have felt as if he landed on another planet . Even on this week 's fundraising swing through Texas , Obama could n't find time to visit the border . That was his loss . When you travel from San Diego to Douglas , Arizona , to Columbus , New Mexico , to Brownsville , Texas , it 's like you 're visiting several worlds at once . Each stretch has its own script . It 's a fascinating area -- unless you 're not interested . Obama does n't seem all that interested in the border , except when he can use it as a weapon . In May 2011 , during a visit to El Paso , Texas , Obama mocked Republicans by saying they wanted to build a moat on the border and fill it with alligators . This week , in Dallas , more than 500 miles from the border , the president revealed his plans for tens of thousands of kids whose heads are filled with nightmares . Since October , spurred by violent youth gangs in their home countries and fake news reports of "  permisos " for young people approved by Congress , about 52,000 children and teenagers from Central America have been apprehended on the border . "  Apprehended " is too generous a word , since most of these people reportedly went up to Border Patrol agents with their arms raised and asked to be arrested . These uninvited guests are neither invading nor evading . They 're surrendering . A lot of Texas Democrats probably thought it was a bad idea for Obama to snub the border , and one said so out loud . U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , suggested that Obama 's failure to survey firsthand the scene of the crisis evoked memories of President George W. Bush viewing the devastation of Hurricane Katrina from an airplane flying high overhead . This week , Cuellar said : "  I hope this does n't become the Katrina moment for President Obama , saying that he does n't need to come to the border . He should come down . " Now that U.S. officials have custody of the border kids , many of whom were -- according to media reports -- sexually assaulted or had their lives threatened , the hard part is deciding what to do with them . Do we really want to send them back ? Are we that monstrous ? Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion to deal with the crisis -- which includes $ 1.8 billion to help the Department of Health and Human Services provide better care for the children , and another $ 1.6 billion to help the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice expedite their removal . The remaining $ 300 million would go to the State Department to help Latin American governments counter the misinformation campaign . This budgetary whiplash -- where we show these kids some kindness before banishing them to the dark , desperate and dangerous places from which they escaped -- summarizes Obama 's muddled approach to the immigration issue , where he tries to be both tough and compassionate and winds up confused . We need more border funding , but we could also use a lot more honestly and clarity in this debate . Money ca n't buy that . Liberals will have to swallow the fact that it was their foil , George W. Bush , who signed a law in 2008 giving safe haven to unaccompanied minors from Central America , and now it 's their champion , Barack Obama , who seeks the power to override it . Meanwhile , conservatives are putting up a fight against the funding , but that wo n't last . They ca n't stand the idea of letting these kids stay here and grow up to become dependents and Democrats , and so they have to help Obama fund their return . For a while , there will be a tug-of-war in the GOP between the border hawks and budget hawks . But the former will win . That 's a good outcome . It would also be good for Congress to pass immigration reform , and for Obama to ease up on deportations . For now , the administration needs the $ 3.7 billion , and it should get every penny . Congress should be generous , and the President should be diligent , but neither of them should be naive . On the border , enforcement dollars are no silver bullet . We can hire more Border Patrol agents , build more walls , and expedite deportations . But none of that will stop the downtrodden , desperate , and determined from seeking refuge in a country that is supposed to be in the business of offering it . And if Obama spent more time on the border , he 'd already know that . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ruben Navarrette : President Obama should visit the border in light of crisis He says Obama 's call for more spending is right , but wo n't stop flow of people seeking refuge Republicans will have to accept more spending on border and immigration , he says
CNN  -- Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega opened the door to the possibility of his country going back to international bodies in an attempt to get a $ 17 billion payout from the United States . But the United States considers the case closed , according to William Ostick , a State Department spokesman . The money was originally awarded to Nicaragua in 1986 by the International Court of Justice in the Hague . Nicaragua had gone to the court alleging that American involvement in their civil war by arming , financing and supplying the Contra fighters was a breach of international law . The Central American country also alleged that U.S. overflights and attacks on Nicaraguan ports violated its sovereignty . The court sided with Nicaragua , and ruled that the United States was to pay reparations . Nicaragua asked for $ 17 billion , though an amount was never set . The United States , which did not recognize the jurisdiction of the court in this case , resisted international pressure to pay , and eventually , under the administration of President Violeta Chamorro , Nicaragua dropped its claim from the International Court in 1991 . The International Court subsequently issued an order removing Nicaragua 's case from the court 's list , Ostick said . "  In due time we will call for a referendum , " Ortega said Tuesday , referring to the revival of the claim . Ortega was speaking at an event commemorating the fall of former dictator Anastasio Somoza , which brought the Sandinistas to power . The aim of the Contras was to destabilize the Sandinistas , the party Ortega belongs to . The president said he would call for "  a referendum so that the people ... say whether or not we collect this debt that the ` Yankee ' government owes . " "  Nicaragua has a legitimate position to be entertained and debated , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs . However , it is unlikely that Ortega would seek such a referendum , which would stir the pot with the United States , he said . In some ways , Ortega has proven to be more pragmatic in his actions than his rhetoric suggests , Birns said . If Nicaragua chooses to revive the lawsuit , it could be because the impoverished nation sees the $ 17 billion -- or even a settlement at a fraction of that amount -- as a quick boost to the country , he said . The case is most likely closed forever , said Fred Morrison , a law professor at the University of Minnesota who was on the U.S. legal team in the first phases of the case . When Nicaragua dropped its claim , it did so by stating in a letter that it "  had decided to renounce all further right of action based on the case and did not wish to go on with the proceedings . " There is a precedent that such declarations are binding , Morrison said . "  I would think the case is now closed , " he said .	Ortega says he may hold a referendum to see if case should be revived The International Court of Justice ruled in 1986 against the United States At issue is U.S. involvement in Nicaragua 's civil war
CNN  -- The associate men 's basketball coach at Syracuse University on Friday called allegations that he inappropriately touched two boys starting more than 20 years ago "  patently false in every aspect . " The university placed Bernie Fine on administrative leave Thursday after the accusations surfaced . Bobby Davis , 39 , a former ball boy for the school 's basketball team , told ESPN on Thursday evening that Fine molested him "  hundreds of times " over the course of 16 years , starting from when he was in the fifth or sixth grade . Davis told university officials six years ago that he informed Syracuse , New York , police that he had been "  subjected to inappropriate contact by an associate men 's basketball coach " during the 1980s and 1990s , according to university Senior Vice President Kevin C. Quinn . Police had originally told Davis that they would not pursue the case because the statute of limitations had expired , Quinn said in a statement Thursday . On hearing of the allegations in 2005 , the university launched its own investigation through its legal counsel , Quinn said . "  That nearly four-month-long investigation included a number of interviews with people the complainant said would support his claims . All of those identified by the complainant denied any knowledge of wrongful conduct by the associate coach . The associate coach also vehemently denied the allegations . " Had the school found evidence or corroboration of the allegations , it would have terminated the associate coach and reported the case to the police , the statement said . But Davis ' stepbrother , Mike Lang , 45 , told ESPN on Thursday that Fine also molested him "  15 to 20 times , " kick-starting a new police investigation . "  I did n't feel right about it and told him , ` Bernie , do n't do that to me , ' but he kept doing it again and again , " Lang , also once a ball boy for the team , told ESPN . In a statement Friday , Fine again denied the newest claims against him , saying "  simply put , these allegations are patently false in every aspect . ... I am confident that , as in the past , a review of these allegations will be discredited and restore my reputation . " Police say they reopened the investigation after Lang came forward . Quinn said the university "  will cooperate fully " with the investigation . Davis alleged that Fine started touching him inappropriately when he was in sixth grade or so , at about age 10 or 11 . The touching included rubbing his genitals and occurred at Fine 's home , at university basketball facilities and during road trips , Davis said on ESPN 's "  Outside the Lines . " "  I did n't feel right about it , " he said . "  He 'd do it again and again . ... Made you feel odd . " Syracuse head basketball coach Jim Boeheim defended Fine . "  This matter was fully investigated by the university in 2005 , and it was determined that the allegations were unfounded , " he said in a statement . "  I have known Bernie Fine for more than 40 years . I have never seen or witnessed anything to suggest that he would been involved in any of the activities alleged . Had I seen or suspected anything , I would have taken action . Bernie has my full support . " Former player Gerry McNamara will fill in for Fine while he is on leave , Boeheim said Friday . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	NEW : Fine is "  confident ... allegations will be discredited " Fine was placed on administrative leave Thursday Two men say they were subject to inappropriate contact as ball boys in 1980s and 1990s "  Bernie has my full support , " head coach Jim Boeheim says
Kaiser Health News  -- On Tuesday , two U.S. appeals courts issued conflicting rulings on a subject that 's important to millions of people : the availability of subsidies to help purchase coverage under the health-care law . Q : What did the courts decide ? A : In a blow to the health law , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled that the health law 's subsidies are available only to individuals in the 14 states and the District of Columbia now operating their own health insurance exchanges . The federal government now runs the exchanges in 36 states . Judge Thomas Griffith , writing the majority opinion in the 2-1 decision , said they concluded "  that the ACA unambiguously restricts " the subsidies to "  exchanges ` established by the state . ' " In a separate ruling , a three-judge panel for the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Va. , ruled unanimously for the Obama administration , allowing subsidies to be available to residents in all states . Judge Roger Gregory , writing the opinion , said while the health law is "  ambiguous and subject to multiple interpretations , " the court decided to uphold the IRS 's interpretation of the law that residents of states using the federal exchange are entitled to subsidies . White House revises contraception opt out Q : What was the issue the courts decided on ? A : The case centers on a brief description in the health law that says subsidies will be available "  through an exchange established by the state . " In implementing the law , the Internal Revenue Service interpreted the law to allow eligible consumers to receive subsidies to help purchase coverage , regardless of whether they are in an exchange run by their state or by the federal government . Opponents of the law questioned that interpretation , saying that the law as written clearly directs subsidies to state-based exchanges only . But proponents -- including several lawmakers who helped write it -- said lawmakers fully intended that subsidies be offered on all exchanges no matter if they were administered by the feds or state officials . Q I do n't know if my state runs its own exchange . Which states do ? A : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Hawaii , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Nevada , New York , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington and the District of Columbia all run their own exchanges . Idaho and New Mexico intend to set up their own marketplace for the next enrollment period , which begins in November , but used Healthcare.gov this year . CNN Poll : Is Obamacare working ? Q : I live in a state with a federally run exchange , and I get a subsidy to help me buy coverage . Am I going to lose it ? A : Nothing is happening immediately . Justice Department officials said Tuesday they plan to seek an en banc review from the D.C. Appeals Court , meaning that the panel 's full contingent of 11 judges would hear the case . Six of the court 's judges would have to agree for the full panel to review the case . The full panel is dominated by judges appointed by Democrats , 7-4 . Eventually the case could be considered by the Supreme Court , but the current subsidies would likely remain in place until there is a final legal decision on the matter . "  In the meantime , to be clear , people getting premium tax credits should know that nothing has changed ; tax credits remain available , " said Emily Pierce , deputy director of the Justice Department 's office of public affairs . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the administration was confident it would prevail . "  You do n't need a fancy legal degree to understand that Congress intended for every eligible American to have access to tax credits that would lower their health care costs , regardless of whether it was state officials or federal officials who were running the marketplace . " Supporters of the court challenge to the IRS interpretation on subsidies also maintain their case is strong . "  The executive branch does not get to rewrite statutes just because it thinks those statutes would work better a certain way , " said Michael Cannon , director of health policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute who championed the subsidy appeals . "  If people lose those subsidies it is because the courts have ruled that those subsidies are and always have been unlawful -- that the administration had no authority to administer those in the first place . " Q : Are these the only two court cases ? A : No . There are two other similar cases pending in courts in Oklahoma and Indiana . Q : If there are legal disputes ongoing about who qualifies to receive a subsidy , do I still have to buy health insurance ? A : Yes . The law 's "  individual mandate , " which requires most people to purchase health insurance or pay a fine , is still in place . Q . What if I get my insurance through work ? A : This decision applies only to policies sold on the online marketplaces . It does not affect work-based insurance , Medicare or Medicaid , regardless of where you live . CNN Money : The impact on 4.7 million Americans Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .	Two courts made conflicting rulings on Obamacare subsidies this week One court said subsidies are only available for state-run insurance exchanges Other court said subsidies should apply for federal exchanges too Decision will likely go to the Supreme Court
CNN  -- Two British soldiers and a Spanish soldier were killed in separate incidents in Afghanistan , the British and Spanish Defense Ministries said . The British soldiers died in roadside bomb explosions Monday , a part of southern Afghanistan that has been the site of fierce fighting between the Taliban and coalition troops , the ministry said in a written statement . The soldiers were on foot patrol at the time , said Lt. Col. David Wakefield , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , a predominantly British military command that conducts operations in Helmand province . They were identified as belonging to the 3rd Battalion , The Yorkshire Regiment but were not identified by name . In the other Monday incident , a Spanish military vehicle struck a mine while on a mission to distribute aid , and the explosion killed one soldier and wounded six others , a Spanish Defense Ministry spokesman told CNN . Killed was a Colombian national , Jon Felipe Romero Meneses , in his early twenties , serving with Spain 's armed forces . The identities and conditions of the wounded soldiers were not immediately available , said the spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The blast happened in Qala-i-Naw province in Afghanistan , where the Spanish troops were escorting a U.N. World Food Programme convoy to distribute aid . Spain has more than 800 troops in Afghanistan serving in the NATO-led mission , and the government has recently committed to send several hundred more , partly in response to the Obama administration 's request for more troops from allied nations . Spain has had troops in Afghanistan since 2002 , and more than 22 Spanish soldiers have died there , including two in November 2008 when a suicide bomber rammed their convoy , and 17 in a helicopter crash in August 2005 . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report	Britain : Soldiers die in roadside bomb explosions while on foot patrol in Helmand province Soldiers belong to 3rd Battalion , The Yorkshire Regiment One Spanish soldier killed , six others wounded in separate attack Spain has more than 800 troops in Afghanistan as part of NATO-led mission
CNN  -- It is a familiar tactical strategy at the Supreme Court : when an oral argument gets too dense over regulatory interpretation -- turn it into a sports analogy . An Obama administration lawyer did that Tuesday in closely watched environmental appeal , comparing federal efforts aimed at curbing air pollution to basketball scores . The court seemed impressed , with Chief Justice John Roberts calling it a "  pretty good " analogy . After that the athletic aphorisms just would not stop . At issue is whether an "  upwind " state that is polluting a "  downwind " state is free of any obligations under the so-called Good Neighbor provision , unless and until federal regulators have quantified the upwind state 's contribution to downwind state 's air pollution problems . The case is an important test of federal regulatory power , and the rules issued two years ago by the Environmental Protection Agency are being challenged by a coalition of 15 states , as well as several energy companies and labor unions . Leaders in some mostly conservative states say lost jobs and higher energy costs are at stake from what they see as arbitrary and ambiguous regulations . But the administration and its environmental allies counter Americans ' health should come first , and that as many as 45,000 deaths could be prevented each year if the Cross-State Pollution Rule would be allowed to go into effect . Overall , it appeared the EPA may prevail in the complex regulatory case , based on the comments from the justices during 90 minutes of arguments . It would be a rare environmental victory in a conservative majority court , if that were to occur . The arguments come just hours after eight of nine governors from the affected downwind states signed a petition urging the EPA to force nine southern and midwestern upwind states to reduce smog and soot emissions from power plants . The one downwind governor who did not sign was Gov. Chris Christie , the New Jersey Republican . Those Democratic or Independent governors criticized a federal appeals court ruling last year against federal oversight , saying it "  allows upwind states to postpone the costs of air pollution controls for years , while in the interim downwind states and their residents are forced to suffer the present consequences of that pollution . " Enforcement of what is known as the Transport Rule was adopted by the EPA in 2011 , but remains on hold while the court cases work toward a final conclusion . In Tuesday 's session , Justice Department lawyer Malcolm Stewart got the ball rolling when he said the EPA should be allowed to use the somewhat discretionary standard "  contribute significantly , " when determining a state 's cost-based share of transported air pollution . "  There are various reasons to think that EPA reasonably construed that term to include a component of difficulty of achievement , " he said of a downwind state 's inability to comply , in the face of continuing pollution from its neighbors . "  We might say that dunking a basketball is a more significant achievement for somebody who is 5 feet 10 than for somebody who is 6 feet 10 . " Roberts took up the challenge when sharply questioning the lawyer representing corporate and union interests , Peter Keisler . "  If you ask the coach what significantly contributed to the loss , he 's going to talk about the missed layup rather than the missed desperation throw , " said the chief justice , "  even though as far as amount , each was going to count for two points . " Justice Antonin Scalia used the metaphor to turn the point on its head . "  The question you should ask the coach , when you lost 101 to 100 : which of the 101 points contributed most to your loss ? " he asked , bringing laughter in the courtroom . "  I mean , he would not answer the one that was the layup . He 'd say what do you mean ? All of the 101 points . " Scalia added the proposed EPA rule changes were not what Congress had in mind when it passed the landmark Clean Air Act . Adding to the sports talk , he said the agency has "  hidden the ball " with its ambiguous standards . "  We 're not going to tell you what the target is , " he said , relying on his own interpretation of what federal regulators are doing to some states . "  It 's up to you to come up with a SIP  state implementation plan  and we 'll tell you after the fact whether that SIP happened to meet the target that we 've invented . " Among the provisions being challenged is the EPA 's cost-based formula , using what it calls a balance between an upwind state 's obligation to reduce coal-fired pollution , and the amount of money that would be required for a downwind state to feasibly meet its own obligations . That calculation was a key part of the oral argument , which critics of the policies say unfairly punishes some states more than others , by placing a greater financial burden for their share of unhealthy air particulates . Texas Solicitor General Jonathan Mitchell , representing one of the states challenging the rules told the court , "  EPA 's actions in this case have written the states out of the Clean Air Act . ... EPA has left the states completely in the dark about the meaning of the phrase ` contribute significantly . ' " Justice Stephen Breyer called it a tough problem and questioned the upwind states ' position . "  But it 's supposed to advance the ball " using yet another sports reference . "  So there is a procedure for the states to come in if they can come up with a better plan . That 's what you 've just heard , and so do it . So what 's arbitrary or capricious about such a system ? " Mitchell said it was up to the EPA to issue clear guidelines before enforcing those standards , and the burden was on the federal government , not the states . Breyer , in response : "  There 's six states that contribute to the seventh state 's pollution , and how much each state can cut back depends . It depends on what it costs . It depends on how much they contribute . It depends upon what the other states will do . It depends upon where the wind blows , and that changes all the time , " he said . The justices next February will hear a related case : can the EPA tighten emission standards for "  stationary " greenhouse gas sources -- such as power plants -- in what the government says is an effort to stem the effects of global warming . The high court in 2007 affirmed the conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases are an air pollutant , but that case just dealt with emissions from motor vehicles . The high court will decide if the agency properly extended its regulatory authority . The consolidated cases argued Tuesday are EPA v. EME Homer City Generation  12-1182  and American Lung Assn. v. EME Homer City Generation  12-1183  . A ruling is due in the next several months .	States that pollute are under fire from those that do n't Fifteen states , other groups challenging new federal anti-pollution rules There 's a chance the EPA may prevail in the case before conservative Supreme Court Oral arguments over 90 minutes take on sports metaphor theme
Rodney King 's death in June was the result of accidental drowning , although alcohol , cocaine , marijuana and PCP found in his system were contributing factors , authorities said Thursday . King , whose beating by Los Angeles police in 1991 was caught on camera and sparked riots after the acquittal of the four officers involved , was found dead in the swimming pool at his Rialto , California , home on June 17 , authorities and his fiancee said . He was 47 . King was "  in a state of drug and alcohol-induced delirium " and "  either fell or jumped into the swimming pool , " said the autopsy report released by the San Bernardino County coroner Thursday . Family , friends remember Rodney King at funeral "  The effects of the drugs and alcohol , combined with the subject 's heart condition , probably precipitated a cardiac arrhythmia and the subject , thus incapacitated , was unable to save himself and drowned , " the autopsy summary said . "  There is nothing in the history or autopsy examination to suggest suicide or homicide , and the manner of death is therefore judged to be accident . " No foul play is suspected and the police investigation of his death is closed , Rialto Police Capt. Randy De Anda told CNN . The autopsy findings are consistent with the police investigation 's conclusion , De Anda said . Timeline of events in Rodney King 's life King 's fiancee , Cynthia Kelly , found him at the bottom of the pool and called 911 for help at 5:25 a.m. on that Sunday morning , police said . Police removed him from the pool and performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation until paramedics arrived . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital , police said . Kelly , who was a juror in King 's lawsuit against the city of Los Angeles in 1994 , told police that King was an "  avid swimmer " but that she was not , De Anda said . Kelley told investigators King was "  heavily intoxicated , " and she went to sleep at 2:45 a.m. while he was still awake and drinking . She later "  woke up to hear the subject pounding on the closed rear patio sliding glass door , " the autopsy report said . "  She described him making grunting and growling sounds and have frothy secretions coming from his mouth . " King yelled to his girlfriend "  Baby come and help me , " according to the report . "  The subject at that time was wearing his underwear down around his knees and then apparently fell backwards into the planter on the plant covering just east of the patio sliding glass door , " it said . Kelley went back into the home to get her cell phone to call 911 for help , but she then "  heard a splash in the pool and went out to the backyard to find the subject face down on the bottom of the deep end of the pool , " it said . "  The girlfriend was not a good swimmer so she used a pitchfork and a hoe from the backyard to try to jab at the subject to arouse him . " King 's brother , Zhan Paul King , told investigators that King has "  been doing very well and was happy " as he traveled to promote a book for the 20th anniversary of the Los Angeles riots . He "  seemed to have his life in order , " the coroner 's report said . He said his brother "  was no longer abusing hardcore street drugs or using Phencyclidine  PCP  , " the report said . PCP was among the combination of drugs found in his blood during the autopsy . Nearly a year after the rioting in Los Angeles , four officers stood trial in federal court on civil rights charges . Two were found guilty and sentenced to 30 months in prison , and two were acquitted . King also sued the city of Los Angeles and was awarded $ 3.8 million in damages . Comments : ` Rodney King had demons . But called them his own '	King yelled "  Baby come and help me " before falling in the pool , the autopsy report says Autopsy says Rodney King was "  in a state of drug and alcohol-induced delirium " when he died King 's fiancee found him at the bottom of a swimming pool and called for help , police say 1991 beating by Los Angeles police sparked riots after four officers involved were acquitted
CNN  -- Reigning Olympic champion Rafael Nadal has been forced to withdraw from the London 2012 Olympics due to ongoing knee problems . Nadal , gold medallist four years ago in Beijing admitted he was "  not in the right physical condition to compete " and that he had to "  think about Spanish sport . " The world number two , who was due to carry Spain 's flag at the opening ceremony , had already taken two weeks off in the buildup to the Olympics to recover from tendinitis in his knee "  I 've waited until the final moment of my preparation and my training , but I can not do it , " Nadal said in a statement released to the Spanish press on Thursday . "  Today is one of the saddest days in my career . Carrying the flag for Spain at the opening ceremony was set to be one of the biggest honors , one of the most special moments for me . "  For this reason I hope you can understand how difficult it has been for me to take this decision . One of my teammates who is better prepared than me can take my place and compete to the best of his ability . " The Spanish Tennis Federation announced that world number 30 Feliciano Lopez would take Nadal 's spot in the singles competition . Marc Lopez , who has won doubles titles with Nadal on the ATP tour , will take his place in the doubles competition . The Spanish Olympic Federation have chosen basketball star Pau Gasol as the new flag bearer . Former world number one Nadal recorded his 11th grand slam win at June 's French Open , but crashed out of Wimbledon in the second round to unfancied Czech player Lukas Rosol . Nadal had only two weeks to make the transition from the clay courts of Roland Garros to Wimbledon 's grass courts , but in future he will have longer to adapt . Wimbledon organizers announced on Thursday that from 2015 there will be an extra week between the two slams . "  The best interests of tennis will be served by allowing the players more time to recuperate and to adjust from the clay of Roland Garros to the grass at Wimbledon , " said All England Club chairman Philip Brook . "  We think most players welcome the prospect of a longer grass court season and spending more time on the softer surface of grass . "  In making this change from 2015 we recognize that there will be some important consequences for the overall tennis calendar , and enough time needs to be given to allow us all to plan accordingly . "	Reigning champion Nadal forced out of London Games by ongoing knee problem Tennis star was due to carry Spain 's flag at opening ceremony Wimbledon organizer 's new tournament dates from 2015
CNN  -- Everyone knows Hong Kong as the buzzy island city home to over seven million people perpetually on the move . But it may be a surprise to learn that many of the residents in this bustling city do n't spend much time foraging in their pockets for change , especially on public transport . Instead , they whip out their Octopus , a contactless smart card with a chip that communicates with a fare processor in less than a second . It has been in use in Hong Kong since 1997 . According to the company , around 95 percent of people in Hong Kong between the ages of 16-65 have an Octopus card , and their transactions add up to about 18 million dollars every day . But what 's new about Octopus is that recent advances in technology mean that it 's being used with phones too . "  Now with the advance of smart card technology , we 've been able to embed the Octopus mobile SIM inside a smartphone , " explained Octopus CEO Kevin Goldmintz , in an interview with CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . Trains , buses , trams and ferries are all popular places to get around with Octopus , whether it 's on a card , a phone or a watch . Since the Octopus card was released nearly two decades ago , its use has branched off into much more than just transport . Forgot your wallet , purse or cash ? Not to worry . The Octopus can buy your coffee , a movie ticket , clothes , groceries and even allow you to shop online . Another new venture is that Octopus has recently partnered with Taobao , China 's e-commerce answer to eBay or Amazon . Though purchases have to remain relatively small with a current ceiling of $ 130 on each card , Octopus says it allows the customer to easily interact for a purchase . Shoppers simply need to make a purchase on Taobao by putting their phone with the Octopus mobile application up to the screen and tapping to make that transaction happen . Octopus has broadened its reach into mainland China with a dual card in Guangdong province and another in Shenzhen . "  We 're able to put a Hong Kong dollar purse inside the card , as an e-wallet , " said Goldmintz . Octopus says its vision for the next ten years includes tackling the physical/digital convergence and growing its e-commerce strategy . "  And I think the other side of it will also to be exporting the knowledge that we 've accumulated over 17 years of doing contactless smart card , and deploying that knowledge in other cities around the world , " Goldmintz told Stout . As for the future , Octopus is optimistic that a cashless society will spread to other areas , particularly in its own patch of the Asia-Pacific area . "  You know I buy my lunch with my Octopus . I pay for drinks on Octopus . I buy coffee with my Octopus , " said Goldmintz . "  So I think there will be day when both Hong Kong and other cities around Asia-Pacific particularly will be looking towards a cashless society , " he said . "  I think we 're going to make huge in-roads in the next five to ten years in this . " The best way to experience Hong Kong ? Climb aboard one of its iconic trams	Hong Kong residents have a fairly cash-free life , especially on public transport The Octopus card , already 17 years old , is now used for several types of commerce Octopus sees a cashless society as a reality , especially in the Asia-Pacific region
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- At the Aimin Fat Reduction Hospital in the Chinese city of Tianjin , they have never seen anyone so big . Bland said he misses his family and friends , but his goal is to lose the weight and be "  healthier and happier . " "  Yes this is our record , " Dr. Su Zhixin proudly boasted . He 's talking about 33-year-old Alonzo Bland of Green Bay , Wisconsin . When Bland stepped off the plane at Beijing Airport in May of this year , he weighed 640 pounds . In fact , he struggled to take more than a few steps , and as he lay flat on his back , exhausted , airport staff called an ambulance . After repeated warnings from his doctor , Bland decided to come to China as a last-ditch effort to shed the pounds . "  I needed to take it serious because we were talking about my life . " Bland 's weight yo-yoed for years , ballooning after he lost his job 12 years ago . "  Nobody wanted to hire a guy who could n't move , you know and so , -LSB- I -RSB- spent the next ... 12 years on the couch and watched my weight constantly going up . " Watch more on Alonzo Bland 's transformative journey " At one point he needed an emergency tracheotomy because fat around his neck was crushing his windpipe . Earlier this year , while watching TV on the couch , he did an Internet search for weight-loss competitions . He entered one offering a first prize of an all-expense-paid trip to one of China 's most famous boot camps for the obese . The weight-loss clinic is housed in a drab building , far from the city center . "  It 's a beautiful place . It really is , " Bland said . "  It is difficult though : I am away from home -- all my family and friends . But my goal here -- my goal is to lose the weight , so I think in the end I will be healthier and happier . " Being this far from home , Bland said , has been a clean break from his bad habits . He simply does n't know where the restaurants are , or how to order takeout . "  It is away from everything I know , all those things -- even the excuses you make up : ` Oh I have to do this today , I ca n't work out , I have this do . ' So coming here eliminated all the excuses . " So far he has lost nearly 240 pounds -- a result of diet , exercise and traditional Chinese medicine such as acupuncture , which doctors say reduces appetite and increases metabolism . He works out at a gym three times a week , he walks every day and plays badminton as well . Bland 's doctors are impressed with his determination to shed the weight . When he was in America , he had a different lifestyle , said Su . If he wanted to eat he would just order on the phone and "  every day stay on sofa , playing games , watching TV , " Su said . Bland has only been home once in the past seven months , for two weeks . His family was amazed at his weight loss , and more importantly , despite the fears of his doctor , Bland did not put on any weight while he was away . In fact , he woke at 4 a.m. most days , he said , to work out at the gym -- an indication , said his doctors , that he has broken the bad eating and living patterns that caused his weight gain . The ultimate goal for Bland is a weight of 220 pounds . To reach that goal , he must lose another 180 pounds . His doctors hope he can do that in the next five months -- a year after he arrived at the hospital . "  I know I will get there . Will it happen in the next five months ? I do n't know , but I will get there . "	Alonzo Bland from Green Bay , Wisconsin , arrived in Beijing weighing 640 pounds He won all-expense-paid trip to a Chinese boot camp for obese Bland said after losing his job , his weight ballooned Bland has lost 240 pounds since May in China
CNN  -- The Vermont Yankee nuclear reactor will shut late next year and be decommissioned , its owner announced Tuesday , citing low prices for natural gas and high operating costs . "  This shutdown decision was made because this asset is not financially viable , " owner Entergy Nuclear Vermont Yankee LCC said in a statement . The 40-year-old plant , which employs 630 workers , is in Windham County on the Connecticut River , near the border with Massachusetts . During decommissioning , a process that could take decades to complete , fuel will be transferred to storage , Entergy said . Entergy said decommissioning is expected to cost $ 566 million , but its decommissioning trust contains $ 582 million . The plant 's boiling water reactor , made by General Electric , uses river water as a cooling source and is licensed to operate through 2032 . Vermont Yankee had been the subject of a battle between state authorities and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission over its GE-designed containment housing known as the Mark 1 , one of 23 such reactor housings in the United States . That was the design used at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , where three reactors melted down after the station was struck by the tsunami that followed an earthquake in March 2011 . The disaster resulted in the widespread release of radioactive contamination that forced more than 100,000 people from their homes . Japan fed up with ` whack-a-mole ' approach to Fukushima The Nuclear Regulatory Commission rejected a petition by anti-nuclear groups to shut reactors using the GE Mark I containment . Japan will need decades to clean up after Fukushima Daiichi , the world 's worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986 . The U.S. nuclear industry has n't built a new reactor since the 1970s . But on February 9 , the commission approved two new reactors at the Vogtle nuclear plant in Georgia . The reactors differ from those at the GE plants at Fukushima Daiichi and in the United States . National Energy Institute President and CEO Marvin Fertel called the closure "  a great loss to the state of Vermont , the regional economy and consumers and the environment . " But the Vermont plant 's finances have dimmed in recent years , as widespread drilling for shale gas has lowered the price of natural gas . A 2008 post that is still on Entergy 's website predicted that "  the continued operation will result in over $ 2 billion in additional income for the residents of Windham County and the state of Vermont as well as increased tax revenues for the state in excess of $ 300 million in today 's  2008  dollars . " At the time , Vermont Yankee was supplying nearly a third of the electricity used in the state . But the company said Tuesday that it had spent more than $ 400 million in operating costs since 2002 . "  The announcement today by Entergy that it will shutter the troubled Vermont Yankee reactor is the latest -- but certainly not the last -- domino to fall for the failing U.S. nuclear power industry , " said Mark Cooper , a senior fellow for economic analysis at the Institute for Energy and the Environment at Vermont Law School . He noted that Tuesday 's announcement follows the August 1 announcement by Duke Energy that it is abandoning its reactor project in Levy County , Florida , and that the French-subsidized nuclear giant EDF was pulling out of the U.S. nuclear power market "  due to the inability of nuclear power to compete with alternatives and the dramatic reduction in demand growth caused by increasing efficiency of electricity consuming devices . " He cited the recent closures of four other nuclear reactors : two at San Onofre in California and one each at Kewaunee in Wisconsin and Crystal River in Florida . "  What we are seeing today is nothing less than the rapid-fire downsizing of nuclear power in the United States , " he wrote . "  It is important to recognize that the tough times the U.S. nuclear power industry faces today are only going to get worse . " After Chernobyl , complexity surrounds local health problems CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	"  This asset is not financially viable , " owner Entergy says The 40-year-old plant employs 630 workers Decommissioning will probably take decades
CNN  -- Real Madrid took a big step toward reaching the second round of the Champions League with a 2-0 home win over Group G rivals AC Milan on Tuesday night , while Chelsea , Bayern Munich and Arsenal also maintained their perfect start to Europe 's premier club competition . Real were beaten at home by the Italian side in the group stage last season , but the Spanish league leaders are now a different proposition under new coach Jose Mourinho , who led Inter Milan to final glory in May . The game was virtually over after only 14 minutes as Cristiano Ronaldo and Mezut Ozil scored within 60 seconds of each other . Ronaldo followed up his weekend double against Malaga with a free-kick that went straight through the middle of a poor defensive wall , leaving unsighted goalkeeper Marco Amelia with no chance . It was his fifth goal in three matches . The world 's most expensive player then broke down the left and passed inside to Germany midfielder Ozil , whose shot took a wicked deflection off Daniele Bonera and looped over Amelia into the net . Milan went close to pulling a goal back in the 29th minute , but keeper Iker Casillas did well to tip Andrea Pirlo 's fierce free-kick onto the crossbar . Real could not translate their attacking dominance into more goals , and in the 83rd minute needed captain Casillas to stop former Madrid forward Robinho from setting up a tense finale after coming on to replace Ronaldinho . Dutch side Ajax moved level with Milan on six points after beating Auxerre 2-1 at home in a match which saw three players sent off in the second half . Netherlands midfielder Demy de Zeeuw fired the four-time champions ahead in the seventh minute and Uruguay striker Luis Suarez made it 2-0 four minutes before halftime . But Ajax were reduced to 10 men in the 56th minute when defender Andre Ooijer brought down Dennis Oliech , allowing and Slovenia international Valter Birsa to score from the subsequent free-kick . However , Auxerre 's hopes of earning a first point -- and perhaps a place in the Europa League -- faded when Oliech received his second yellow card for handball . Substitute Jean-Pascal Mignot did not even get on the field as he was ordered from the bench for dissent . German champions Bayern Munich needed two-own goals from Romania 's CFR Cluj in order to come from behind and seal a 3-2 home victory in Group E. Ricardo Cadu headed the visitors in front in the 28th minute , but the Portuguese defender deflected a shot by Toni Kroos into his own net four minutes later and teammate Cristian Panin did the same from Holger Badstuber 's effort on 37 . Germany striker Mario Gomez made it 3-1 from close range with 13 minutes to play for a Bayern side missing several key players before Argentine midfielder Emmanuel Culio scored a late consolation for Cluj , who suffered a second defeat . Swiss side Basel made it three teams on three points with a 3-1 victory away to previously second-placed Roma . Alexander Frei put the visitors ahead in the 12th minute after being set up by a header from strike partner Marco Streller , but Italy forward Marco Borriello leveled nine minutes later from Francesco Totti 's first-time throughball . Ghana fullback Samuel Inkoom restored Basel 's lead just before the break with a fierce shot , while Roma 's Rodrigo Taddei hit the post after the interval before substitute Cabral sealed victory in injury-time . Chelsea clinched a third successive victory in Group F with a 2-0 victory away to previously unbeaten Spartak Moscow in Tuesday 's opening match . Russia international Yuri Zhirkov chose the perfect time to score his first goal for the English Premier League champions , lashing home a left-foot volley in the 24th minute after the home defense failed to properly clear a long ball forward . Nicolas Anelka doubled the lead just before halftime after Michael Essien won the ball in midfield and set him free , with the former France striker making up for wasting a similar earlier opportunity . French side Marseille kept alive hopes of reaching the second round , beating Slovakia 's MSK Zilina to register their first points . Senegal defender Souleymane Diawara headed the only goal four minutes after halftime for the 1993 champions . Arsenal top Group H after crushing main rivals Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1 at home , with captain Cesc Fabregas marking his return from injury with a second-half penalty . Alexandre Song and Samir Nasri netted in the first half before Spain midfielder Fabregas struck from the penalty spot on the hour mark . Young midfielder Jack Wilshere and striker Marouane Chamakh made it three goals in less than 10 minutes before Croatia striker Edoardo came off the bench to score against his former club in the 82nd minute . Portugal 's Sporting Braga won the battle of the group 's two pointless teams , winning 2-0 at home to Partizan Belgrade . Lima 's long-range free-kick put the competition debutants ahead 10 minutes before halftime , while fellow Brazilian striker Matheus condemned the Serbian side to a third successive defeat from a counter-attack in the final minute .	Real Madrid avenge last season 's defeat by Milan to win third successive Group G match Under-strength Bayern Munich similarly top Group E after beating CFR Cluj 3-2 Chelsea on verge of reaching second round after 2-0 win at Spartak Moscow in Group F Arsenal poised to join them after crushing Group H rivals Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans in Washington say they are breathing a sigh of relief now that the Kansas secretary of state has ruled that the Democratic Senate candidate will stay on the ballot in November even though he dropped out . It 's a case of political whiplash for national Republicans , who just hours earlier scrambled to send strategists to Kansas when it suddenly became a head-to-head race between incumbent Republican Pat Roberts and an independent candidate with libertarian views , who would likely pull GOP votes from Roberts . The matchup appeared to make it harder for the GOP to seize the Senate majority . Now a GOP strategist tells CNN that Republicans believe keeping Democrat Chad Taylor on the ballot is "  enormous " because he was only getting 30 % of the vote when he was actively campaigning . Republicans predict the Democrat will still get about 10-25 % of the vote on Election Day , making it easier for Roberts to beat independent candidate Greg Orman . The National Republican Senatorial Committee , which works to get Republicans elected to the Senate , was already dispatching veteran GOP strategist Chris LaCivita to Kansas , a GOP source tells CNN . The source called it just the first move to try to help bolster Roberts ' campaign , which national Republicans worry is lackluster and ill-equipped to run an unexpectedly competitive campaign . Republicans had also enlisted help from former Sen. Bob Dole , the longtime senator from Kansas and a former Senate majority leader , who was already scheduled in the state this week . A source close to Dole tells CNN he is playing the role as "  super consultant " to Roberts , an old friend . The Senate race in Kansas just got more interesting 5 Senate races to watch in 2014 Republicans were moving fast because of the national importance of the race in the GOP quest to regain control of the Senate in November . The GOP has to pick up six seats to take over the Senate . Their advantage has been that they are only playing defense in two states : Kentucky and Georgia . Adding Kansas to the list has many implications , most immediately with money . After 30 years in Senate , McConnell tries to run as ` candidate of change ' Republican resources are already spread thin because there are so many neck-and-neck races where they are spending campaign cash -- mostly where they are playing offense trying to pick up Democratic seats everywhere from Louisiana to Alaska to North Carolina and New Hampshire and beyond . When Roberts narrowly won a GOP primary race earlier this year , Republicans thought he would have relatively smooth sailing towards re-election . Kansas is so conservative , it has only been represented by Republican senators for three quarters of a century . U.S. Chamber ramps up efforts in key N.C. Senate race But then Orman began to climb in the polls . The three-way race was already making things tougher for Roberts , but on Wednesday night , Taylor abruptly withdrew , paving the way for a head to head matchup between Roberts and Orman , an independent running on a libertarian platform . Republican strategists tell CNN they had to drag Roberts over the finish line for his GOP primary race , and they hope he understands that he has to work harder than before to win re-election .	Kansas secretary of state rules Democrat must stay on ballot even though he dropped out GOP feared with no Democrat , an independent could beat incumbent Pat Roberts Independent Orman is running on a libertarian platform , which could take votes from Roberts
CNN  -- With the launch of an App Store for the Mac last week , Apple has proved that its all-in-one digital marketplace model -- so successful for the iPhone , iPod and iPad -- can flourish on old-fashioned laptop and desktop computers as well . Developers with software ready for the store 's January 6 opening were met with throngs of click-happy customers . Mac users have appeared eager to spend money on apps , even for software that was previously available on the Web and in brick-and-mortar stores . Downloads on the first day exceeded 1 million -- out of a pool of about 1,000 apps , Apple said . Distributed evenly , that works out to 1,000 downloads for each app , although name recognition and how Apple allocates promotion tend to skew results . But some development houses did gangbuster business . Scott Forstall , Apple 's vice president for iPhone software , said last year that the company 's iPad would spark "  a whole new gold rush for app developers , " a prediction that must now apply to the Mac store as well . App Store winners One big winner from the Mac App Store launch has been Evernote . The free note-taking app catalogs text and multimedia files ; synchronizes them over the internet to be accessed from phones , a website or desktop software ; and lets you search through them . Evernote was downloaded 90,000 times on the App Store 's opening day . That 's about a 10th of all apps purchased that day . It 's been consistently listed in the section of most popular apps . "  Having a well-formed app store is the most important part in getting attention , " Evernote CEO Phil Libin said . "  We were on the iPhone App Store since that launched as well . We 've kind of been through this once before , so we had pretty high expectations of what being in an app store means for getting attention . " The Mac App Store launch , Libin said , "  exceeded our expectations . " Being in the Mac App Store helped expose Evernote to 40,000 people who had never used it , he said . Evernote has also benefited from Apple 's promotional efforts in the store . It sometimes gets top billing in a rotating list of featured apps , similar to the top section of the iTunes Store . Apple spokeswoman Jacqueline Roy also listed Evernote among the top five "  must-have " apps , which is determined by consistent top performers in downloads and ratings . Another Mac App Store hit is SketchBook Express , No. 7 on the must-have list . Autodesk , the maker of that free drawing program , says the store "  effectively doubled " the number of people using the professional version of SketchBook on opening day . The company declined to provide exact figures . SketchBook Pro costs $ 30 on the Mac App Store , versus almost $ 70 on Amazon.com . It 's now among Apple 's highest-grossing apps . A lucrative business model Apple takes a 30 % cut of app sales , which makes its app stores a lucrative business for the company as well as developers . Because of this success , the stores are facing increased competition from Google 's popular Android Market , a forthcoming Amazon.com app store and other rivals . This week , Microsoft contested Apple 's trademark request for the term "  app store . " Free applications benefit from the app store exposure too , even though they do n't help Apple 's business as directly . For example , Twitter is also on the Apple must-have list . The social networking company launched on the store with its first official desktop client , based on work by the engineer who made the iPhone app . A Twitter spokeswoman said the company is "  pleased " with the results but declined to say how many times the free app had been downloaded . The App Store program is included as part of a software update for Mac computers running the newest version of the operating system , called Snow Leopard . Further enhancements to the app model will come as part of OS X Lion , which is scheduled to go on sale this summer . Previously , Mac software could be found on vendors ' websites or in stores  in cardboard boxes , no less ; how quaint  . For developers , submitting an application to Apple for sale in the Mac App Store can be easier than getting their software on a retailer 's shelf , which can require complex business deals . It is also easier to sell through an established app store than through a developer 's own website , which can require building payment mechanisms and systems for licensing customers ' copies . Mac owners like the store because it makes software easier to find , manages what 's been downloaded , makes it easy to move apps between computers and provides alerts when a new version is available . Some software makers complain that Apple 's rules about what it will accept are too stringent and that the company takes too big a cut of revenue . But Apple does n't bar developers from distributing their wares in other locations on the Web . Pros and cons But are these early success stories sustainable ? Caffeine , a simple utility that helps prevent the computer from automatically going into sleep mode  get it ?  , did exceedingly well early on . The app has been downloaded more than 135,000 times . About one-third of those sales came on launch day ; as for other apps , they have tapered somewhat since . While daily downloads are decreasing steadily for Caffeine at a pace of about 30 % per day , the app continues to attract new customers at a rate several times greater than anytime since it came out four years ago . "  The App Store opens up the opportunity to sell 99-cent apps , which was previously not really feasible , and I think that could bring a lot of new smaller apps , " Caffeine developer Tomas Franzen said . "  It 's a lot easier when they handle hosting and payment for you . "  I 'd say I 'm a believer " in the app-store model , he wrote . "  The App Store makes downloaded software easy for regular people , and it turns out there are a lot of regular people out there ! " However , not every company has the Midas touch for launching app stores . Google , which produced a hit with its Android Market , has drummed up minimal interest in its Chrome Web Store . Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales is n't sold on the app-store concept . At an event in England , Wales spoke out against the idea of app stores , calling them "  a threat to a diverse and open ecosystem , " according to blog reports . A magic formula ? But many developers seem convinced that Apple has hit on the right formula . Scott Gilbert had been planning to build a weather-report app for the iPad or iPhone . The product manager for Swackett immediately changed course when he heard Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveil plans for the Mac App Store in October . "  There 's so much competition in the regular App Store , " Gilbert said of Apple 's mobile software store and its 300,000 apps . "  I thought if we could be there on day one in the Mac App Store , we could rise above the noise . " And they did . Swackett was on track to get 100,000 downloads in its first week . The developers are making money from ads , which had been shown 2 million times in six days . "  We would not have come out with a Mac app first if not for the  Mac  App Store , " Gilbert said . And for the 61-person team at Evernote , the App Store is something of a blessing . "  We do n't have experts here that think about logistics or channels or distribution or advertising , " said Libin , the Evernote CEO . Evernote had the distribution method in place on its site , but that was created out of necessity , said Libin , who was happy to let Apple take the reins on managing server infrastructure and promotion . "  Before , you used to make a great product , but no one would ever get it or use it or be able to buy it , " he said . "  The app stores have made the software business more of a meritocracy than it 's ever been , which really favors geeks like us . "	Apple launched the Mac App Store a week ago , spawning success stories Like App Stores for other platforms , it 's a central place for finding and managing apps The store was met with 1 million downloads in its first day
CNN  -- A third person , identified as a minor girl , died from injuries suffered in the Asiana Airlines crash last week , hospital officials said . She had been in critical condition at the Bay Area hospital since the July 6 crash , San Francisco General spokeswoman Rachael Kagan said The hospital did n't release any additional information about her -- including her name , age or ethnicity -- in keeping with her parents ' wishes . "  It 's a very , very sad day today at San Francisco General Hospital , " said Dr. Geoffrey Manley , chief of neurosurgery . "  We have all done everything we could . " Q&A : How does an air crash investigation work ? Two others -- both 16-year-old girls from China -- were reported dead soon after the Boeing 777 crash-landed at San Francisco International Airport . One of those teenagers was hit on the runway by a fire truck , though it 's unclear whether she was already dead when she was struck , San Francisco police spokesman Albie Esparza said . At the time , firefighters were using flame retardant that ended up surrounding areas immediately around the plane with foam , Esparza said . "  When the truck repositioned itself to get a better aim of the fuselage , they discovered the body of the victim in the fresh track from the path of the truck , " he added . The foam was thick enough to cover a body , Esparza noted . Moreover , it is difficult for those in the "  industrial-size " fire trucks that responded to crash to see things on the ground , the police spokesman said . "  Right now , we are waiting results from the coroner to determine if she died from the crash or the fire engine going over her , " the police spokesman said . "  And that will be part of our investigations , like any other case , by our hit-and-run and major accidents investigations teams . " Of the passengers and crew on board , 304 people survived -- 123 of whom walked away relatively unscathed . The others were sent to hospitals . Opinion : Our terror over flying has cost us A handful of them remained hospitalized , including six patients at San Francisco General . That hospital 's figure includes two adults in critical condition with spinal cord injuries , abdominal injuries , internal bleeding , road rash and fractures . San Francisco International Airport is also working to get back to normal . The plane 's fuselage was hauled away on flatbed trucks Friday to a remote section of the airport , San Francisco International Airport said in a news release . On Friday , a Southwest Airlines jet landed on the runway where the crash occurred -- signifying that , for the first time in six days , all four of the airport 's runways were operational . "  The tremendous efforts and around-the-clock work of airport staff , government agencies , airline tenants and contractors allowed us to complete all repairs and safety certifications for Runway 28L in a timely and efficient manner , " airport director John L. Martin said . While the wreckage has been hauled away , investigators still have not pinpointed exactly why Flight 214 crashed , or who was to blame . Did Asiana pilot have enough 777 experience ? An in-depth review of the cockpit voice recorder shows two pilots called for the landing to be aborted before the plane hit a seawall and crashed onto the runway , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said . The first internal call by one of the three pilots in the cockpit to abort the landing came three seconds before the crash . A second call was made by another pilot 1.5 seconds before impact , NTSB chief Deborah Hersman said . The agency has begun wrapping up its investigation at the airport , and crews are cleaning up the debris left by the crash . Investigators turned the runway back over to the airport . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Augie Martin and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	All four runways at San Francisco 's airport are now operational , airport says A girl , who 'd been in critical condition , died at a San Francisco hospital A teen who died earlier was hit by fire truck , police say Her body was believed to be covered in foam sprayed by firefighters , spokesman says
Lagos , Nigeria -- Nigeria 's president ordered security forces Tuesday to step up their search for 15 children kidnapped in the country 's southeastern region when gunmen hijacked a school bus . President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the "  utterly callous and cruel kidnapping " of 15 nursery and primary school pupils on Monday . A statement from the president 's office said the Nigerian leader order the Inspector-General of Police and heads of other security agencies "  to take all necessary steps to rescue the abducted children and return them safely to their parents . " The incident occurred near Aba , the capital of Abia state . Kidnapping has been rampant in the region for years . In this case , the abductors are asking for a ransom of 20 million naira , or nearly $ 130,000 Police do n't know the whereabouts of the children , and they wo n't confirm their nationalities and identities . Geofrey Ogbonna , the state 's police spokesman , said four gunmen boarded a bus headed to Apayi International School in Aba and took the children away . The bus driver and the school teacher who were on board are in police custody and helping law enforcement efforts . Jonathan urged the children 's parents and relatives "  to remain calm " and assured them that the government "  will do everything possible to apprehend the kidnappers and bring closure to these ugly incidents as soon as possible . " Militants in the southern oil-producing region , who have been fighting for years over fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth , have abducted oil workers , and people engaged in criminal activity have snatched up citizens to get ransom money . Kidnappings and rape in Abia state are common and have become more frequent in recent years . They include vehicle hijackings and even people being snatched off the street . The motive is usually money . Some people travel with security -- if they can afford it . As foreign oil workers improved their personal security , the kidnappers have increasingly targeted Nigerians .	The incident occurred in Abia state Kidnapping has been rampant there for years NEW : The president urges the children 's parents and relatives "  to remain calm "
CNN  -- David Letterman has been taking some heat and issuing some apologies for the off-color joke he made last week about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's daughter , but he found a sympathetic critic in comedian Jeff Foxworthy on Monday . Jeff Foxworthy , the father of two teenage daughters , says David Letterman 's joke was flawed . The best-selling comedy recording artist in history paid a visit to CNN 's "  Larry King Live " to talk about Letterman 's gaffe . "  As a father of two teenage daughters , it was a flawed joke , " Foxworthy said . Letterman joked last Tuesday that Palin 's "  daughter was knocked up by Alex Rodriguez " at a recent Yankees game , stirring up an angry reaction from the Palin family . Letterman has since apologized twice for what he called "  inappropriate " humor . And Foxworthy agreed : "  I do n't think any kind of joke about someone having sex with a teenage girl is funny . " Watch Foxworthy comment on joke " But Foxworthy 's rebuke of the joke was gentle in tone , and he showed empathy for Letterman as well as the Palin family . "  As a comedian , you look at what Dave does , " Foxworthy said . "  You 're trying to do this night after night , year after year , decade after decade -- at some point in the road , are you going to throw one out there you should n't have ? Yeah . " Foxworthy said it 's probably time to forgive and forget . "  It 's about forgiveness , " Foxworthy said . "  He came back and apologized and said : ` Hey , the joke is flawed . ' And to me you move on . " King asked what advice he 'd give Sarah Palin if she received an invitation to appear on Letterman 's "  Late Show . " Foxworthy said he 'd encourage the Alaska governor to accept it . "  Life is about forgiveness . I think that makes her bigger to go on there and say ' I accept your apology ' . " Letterman has insisted he was referring to Palin 's 18-year-old , Bristol , who gave birth to a boy in December , and not her 14-year-old , Willow , in the joke . Palin has called that a "  weak , convenient excuse " for a joke that was "  inappropriate " no matter which daughter was the target . Foxworthy , the author of "  How to Really Stink at Work , " also made some "  confessions " about his pre-comedy career in corporate America . "  I was at IBM for five years ; I do n't know how much work I did , " Foxworthy said . The comedian , who said he used to make prank phone calls to his boss at work to lure him back and forth from his desk , had this tongue-in-cheek advice for people about how far to take things on the job : "  You do n't really want to get fired ; you want to have a job . But you do n't want to do it well , because you 're going to be promoted , and that 's a lot of pressure . Who can have any fun with that kind of anvil hanging over your head ? " Foxworthy is also the host of "  Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader " and talked about the appeal of a game show that spotlights how much people tend to forget after all those years of cramming in facts at school . "  It 's a strange thing why the brain keeps some things , " Foxworthy said . "  Like I do n't know why my brain has all the words to ` The Brady Bunch ' theme song , but it deleted everything about triangles . "	David Letterman made off-color joke about Gov. Sarah Palin 's daughter last week Foxworthy : "  As a father of two teenage daughters , it was a flawed joke " Foxworthy also says he thinks Palins should accept Letterman 's apologies , move on The comedian also has "  advice " about having fun on the job
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- A smiling Ted Scott strides into the bustling caddy area at the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte , North Carolina , and sets down the golf bag marked "  Bubba Watson " that defines his working life . The fresh-faced 37-year old is one of the lucky ones . Caddies for the top PGA Tour golfers can bring home as much as $ 250,000 a year in the modern game , traveling the world and taking a cut of everything their player earns along the way . Such rewards make for a fiercely competitive industry . These days , most caddies are college-educated and strong players in their own right -- a long way from the stereotype of disheveled , drunken hobos portrayed in movies like Caddyshack . "  It 's changed a lot since I 've been out here , " says Scott , who took his first job in 2000 , and counts 2008 U.S. Ryder Cup captain Paul Azinger among his former employers . "  There used to be guys in the parking lot at tournaments , and you could pick up a bag . Now I 've got friends who are great caddies and ca n't get a job . You can earn a living out here , that 's what 's made the difference . " Scott 's player is the big-hitting Watson , and the 32-year-old American is doing better than most . He 's already won two PGA Tour tournaments in 2011 , cashing checks for over $ 3 million and handing around 10 % to his good friend on the bag . The pair started working together in 2006 , when their mutual friend Ben Crane introduced them at the PGA Tour 's weekly Bible study group . Watson agreed to give him a two-week trial and they 've been together ever since . "  We 're like brothers , brothers that Mom and Dad left alone -- and they left him in charge , " Scott says . "  Sometimes I just want to punch him , but I love him . And I know he feels the same about me . But do n't let anybody else say anything bad about us . We 'll go into battle for each other . " Like a good number of his fellow PGA Tour caddies , Scott 's first intention was to make it as a player . But after turning professional he struggled to make an impact , and ultimately had to make do with the next best thing . "  I turned pro and thought , ` I 'm not ready for this , ' so I went out to caddy to see what I needed to work on with my game . Here I am 10 years later , " Scott says . "  Being a caddy was n't my dream , but it 's a dream now . To caddy for a great player , a guy that treats me well . If you have a nice player to work with it 's a great job . " With a wife and two young daughters back home in Lafayette , Louisiana , Scott accepts there are sacrifices to be made for a life on the road . But while he often goes a week or two without seeing his family , there 's a clear upside to his schedule . "  I sat down to work everything out once and there 's no question I get more time with my wife and kids doing this , than I would in a normal job , " Scott says . "  I work about half of the time , and the rest of the time I 'm home all the time . I can take my daughter to school and pick her up . I do n't just have to wait for the weekends . The only hard part is not getting to my wife and kids every day . " When it comes to the job in hand , Scott sees his role stretching a long way beyond the guy who hands Watson his clubs and measures yardages on the golf course . Watson is an emotional golfer , and the presence of a calming influence alongside him has proved invaluable in his recent successes . Scott is an integral part of what Watson calls "  Team Bubba , " and he 's been credited with bringing a new focus to one of the most naturally gifted golfers on the Tour . "  It takes a long time to learn someone . And that 's the art of caddying -- you have to learn your player , " Scott says . "  For Bubba it 's about keeping him in the middle emotionally . You do n't want him to get too excited , or too mad . He 's extremely emotional . It 's about trying to watch him and getting back to that middle point where he plays his best . " So what exactly does being Watson 's caddy entail on a typical tournament day ? "  I try to get to the course at least an hour and a half early . Bubba comes out about an hour before to start warming up , and I have to make sure I 've got the bag ready -- make sure I 've got a clean towel and all the rain gear ready , " Scott says . "  We 'll go to the putting green first and Bubba will putt for about 20 minutes . Then we 'll go and hit balls , then Bubba will come back and putt some more . And then we 'll go out and play the round . " Following the pair around the Quail Hollow course in Charlotte , it was obvious they share a tight bond . After five years working together Watson and Scott still have plenty to talk about , and appear completely relaxed in each other 's company . When a tournament round ends , Scott can count himself fortunate Watson is "  not a big practice guy . " While some of his fellow caddies are out on the range for hours afterwards , tending to their players as they hit balls until the sun goes down , Scott has it easy . "  If he  Watson  did n't like a certain shot he might go and hit one or two , just to get a positive feel for it , but after that I 'm off for the rest of the day , " Scott says . "  So I go play golf myself , or play tennis , or hang out with my friends . Whatever I can do to entertain myself to the next day . " All in all it sounds like a pretty good life being a PGA Tour caddy -- especially when your player is as relaxed a character , and as a good a player as Watson is . Scott is one of the lucky ones , and he knows it . But while he and Watson have a friendship that 's the envy of his fellow caddies , he 's never in any doubt of who wears the pants in their relationship . "  We love to hang out , and have a lot of common interests . But we knock heads too , and he 's in charge so I always have to submit , " he says . Ted Scott and Bubba Watson support Caddy for a Cure , a not-for-profit corporation that offers the chance to caddy for a PGA Tour professional for a day and distributes funds to an array of worthy charitable causes . To find out more , visit : www.caddyforacure.com	Ted Scott is in elite group of caddies that travel world and earn lucrative salaries After failing to make impact as professional golfer , Scott became caddy in 2000 The 37-year-old began assisting Bubba Watson in 2006 and has helped him win three PGA titles Scott and Watson share close bond , which has helped working relationship flourish
Esquire  -- You ca n't learn charisma . The power of influence is one of the most unique powers that you can have . It 's not the power of controlling people . It 's developing a certain skill of communicating what you want to accomplish so that people will follow you . Be a public servant . Not a party servant . I did n't get it at first . I 'll be back . What the f -- is I 'll ? I will be back sounded much stronger in my mind . So I argued with Jim Cameron . And he said , "  Look , Arnold , I do n't tell you how to act . Please do n't tell me how to write . " After I saw it in the movie , I was so thankful to Cameron . That was a good lesson to learn . If someone is a good writer , stick to the script . I would always write down my New Year 's resolutions and mark them off the way I mark off sets and reps. On New Year 's Eve , you can just blabber out : I want to lose twenty pounds and I 'm gon na read more . But what does that mean ? There 's too many variables there . If you 're really serious about it , then write down when you 're gon na lose the twenty pounds by . Is it March 1 ? Is it June 1 ? Make a commitment . The day is twenty-four hours . I sleep six hours . That leaves eighteen hours to do something . My father was a country police officer . All he knew was discipline , performance , and work â $ " not wasting your time . He came from an era where everything was scarce , so everything had to be useful . That 's why he was so against bodybuilding . He saw it as narcissistic . His belief was that you build your muscles by chopping wood or shoveling coal , doing something with your body that benefits someone else . But it was from him that I got my work ethic . The Most Inspiring CEOs in America In the early days of immigration , they just shortened the foreign name . They did whatever they wanted with it . But in Hollywood , there was something else : It had to sound cool . You know , John Wayne . That sounded American , powerful . Charles Bronson . Those are great names . But Arnold Schwarzen ... ag ... ager ? Ager ? Acner ? What is this ? No one could pronounce it . So early on , they tried to convince me to turn it into Arnold Strong . But eventually the idea became : If someone has a difficult time remembering your name , they will also have a difficult time forgetting it . Let me show you how far we 've come with our fitness crusade : When I came to the United States in the sixties , no one ever thought that one day every hotel would have a gymnasium . Back then , people thought if you did weights you would get muscle-bound and die of a heart attack or become gay or an idiot . People thought weights would always be in dungeons . Now they 're in hospitals . Now even golfers use weights . When you get older , sex may change a bit . When you 're sixty-five , it 's not exactly the same as when you were twenty-five . But that does n't mean it 's over . It 's never over . It was one of my early goals to be a millionaire . In the beginning , I wanted to have a gold Rolex , a Rolls-Royce , a cheetah â $ " just stupid things that you think of when you 're a kid . Then time goes by . The Rolls-Royce thing went out the window , because when you get to the level where you can afford one , all of a sudden you say , "  It 's a little bit over the top . " A cheetah ? I think in California they got rid of the law that says you can have wild animals . Having a cheetah is a stupid idea . The Best Dressed Men of 2012 In Europe , everyone is in your way . The government is in your way . The law is in your way . I mean , when my friend and I wanted to go start a bricklaying business here , we went down to city hall and got a business license . No one asked : What kind of school did you go to to learn bricklaying ? Do you have any certificates that show you graduated from your trade school ? Here , it 's go out and make it . Just make sure you pay your taxes . I always tell my accountant , If you 're in doubt about taxes , pay more . No Cayman Island offshore investments . No gimmicks . I love paying my taxes ! Saving money on tips is nonsense . Give 20 or 25 percent . Wise investments are where the action is . The Top 100 TV Shows Of The Year I remember when I went into politics , the legislature wanted to create a blueberry commission . Who 's gon na say no to a blueberry commission ? Well , I said no . I thought they should fix the budget before they do the f ------ blueberry commission . Politicians admire the military people who go to Iraq and risk their lives . Well , how about having just 10 percent of that courage ? We must teach the future leaders that political courage is not political suicide . Peace would solve a lot of problems . See the original article here . Reprinted with permission of Hearst Communications , Inc. .	Schwarzenegger : "  Having a cheetah is a stupid idea " "  The day is twenty-four hours . I sleep six hours . That leaves eighteen hours to do something " "  I love paying my taxes "
Baltimore  CNN  -- Shortly after becoming the nation 's 112th Supreme Court justice , Elena Kagan by tradition was presented with a silver cup , engraved with the names of those who preceded her in that particular seat . Speaking Tuesday evening before an audience at a synagogue here , Kagan recalled one name standing out in her mind : Louis Brandeis , the nation 's first Jewish justice . "  His nomination was controversial , and it took some courage for the president to name him to the bench , " she said . "  He later faced prejudice on the bench . Justice  James Clark  McReynolds would turn his back on Justice Brandeis when he spoke from the bench , and refused to shake his hand or have his picture taken with him . " Ninety-five years and three justices removed in that seat she now occupies , Kagan said her Jewish heritage barely attracted attention when she was nominated last year . "  There are three Jews on the court , but nobody talks about that . It does n't matter , times have changed , " she said . Kagan addressed a mostly Jewish audience of Beth Tfiloh Congregation , celebrating its 90th anniversary . She was asked if her faith affected how she approaches certain cases , especially those involving religion . A case the court will hear early next month involves the State Department 's decision to currently list only Jerusalem as the place of birth on Israeli or Palestinian passports , deliberately leaving out the country name in that disputed region . An Israeli couple sued the government , and the issue is whether courts can intervene to overturn such executive and diplomatic decisions . "  I do n't think the fact I 'm Jewish will matter with respect to the Jerusalem passport case , and it should n't , " she said . "  Anyone who comes before the court should expect impartial justice , and getting the same kind of treatment . " Kagan deflected suggestions the court 's religious makeup -- three Jews and six Catholics -- would somehow undermine public confidence . "  It sometimes requires effort to put your feelings aside , " she said . "  We are all the sum of our experiences , but we  justices  all understand the role of the judge is to step back from any personal proclivities and look just at interpreting the law . " The 51-year-old justice noted her colleagues also share other things in common : all attended either Harvard or Yale law schools , and five , including Kagan , come from the New York City area . The justice was introduced at the Baltimore event by Sen. Benjamin Cardin , D-Maryland , a longtime member of Beth Tfiloh . Cardin also sits on the Judiciary Committee , which held confirmation hearings for Kagan last year . Kagan grew up in the west side of Manhattan , and describes her family 's religious journey as "  wandering Jews . " "  My mother never really found a rabbi she liked , so we joined several synagogues when I was growing up : Conservative , Reform , modern Orthodox . " The family settled on the Lincoln Square Synagogue , where Kagan was a pioneer of sorts , becoming the first girl to have a bat mitzvah at the Amsterdam Avenue facility . She was the one who insisted on it , after her older brother had his bar mitzvah . "  It was the great Jewish experience of my youth , " she remembered . "  It was a completely natural thing " to want to have a bat mitzvah . "  I had to negotiate myself with Rabbi  Shlomo  Riskin , " who had never before performed the coming-of-age rite with a 12-year-old girl . Compromises were made at the modern Orthodox synagogue : her ceremony took place on a Friday night in May 1973 , not the usual Saturday mornings boys enjoyed . The star student at her Jewish school read from the Book of Ruth . "  It was good , not great , " she said of the ceremony . "  It was not exactly what my brother had done , which is what I wanted . But the experience shaped my life , negotiating with Rabbi Riskin . It was a formative experience , and I guess I 've always been a striver . " That drive led her to the job that she says "  is now my life 's work , " a place she expects to stay for some time . Despite never having been a judge before , Kagan said the transition has been in some ways easier than she expected . "  Was I nervous , sure , " she said of her first days on the bench . "  But then I just starting speaking  during oral arguments  and I noticed , oh look , words are coming out of my mouth , and I think I 'm making sense . I can do this . " Her colleagues too , she said , have been enormously supportive , and have even opened new worlds for her . She recalled paying a courtesy call on Sen. James Risch , R-Idaho , shortly after her nomination to the court by President Barack Obama in May 2010 . Risch asked her about gun rights , and remarked she may not realize how important the issue is to some Americans , especially in his home state . She admitted never having owned or fired a gun before . "  But I told the senator if I was fortunate enough to be confirmed , I would go hunting with Justice Scalia . " And she has , joining her conservative colleague on an excursion to a Washington-area shooting range and on several hunting trips , until now never reported . Her host at the synagogue event was surprised . "  You 're Jewish , " deadpanned Rabbi Mitchell Wohlberg . "  Yeah , but it turns out , it 's kind of fun , " said Kagan , laughing .	Justice Elena Kagan talks about her life , her faith and her time on the Supreme Court She spoke to a mostly Jewish audience in Baltimore this week "  The role of the judge is to step back ... and look just at interpreting the law , " she says
CNN  -- A Colorado company 's recall last week of beef products possibly contaminated with E. coli has been expanded , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said this week . The recall came as a result of "  an ongoing investigation into 24 illnesses in multiple states , " the USDA said . The initial recall of 41,280 pounds announced last Wednesday was voluntarily expanded Sunday to include an additional 380,000 pounds of products made by the JBS Swift Beef Company , of Greeley , Colorado , the USDA said . The recall came as a result of "  an ongoing investigation into 24 illnesses in multiple states , of which at least 18 appear to be associated , " the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said in a written statement . USDA spokesman Brian Mabry said no fatalities had been reported . On its Web site , the company said the suspect beef was produced at its Greeley plant on April 21 and distributed nationally and internationally . "  Each of our customers will be personally informed of this recall by phone , " the wholesaler said . A spokesman would not identify those customers to CNN . "  That 's ridiculous ! " said Sarah Klein , a staff attorney for the Washington-based Center for Science in the Public Interest . "  JBS should be able to say who they sold meat to , and those companies should be able to say , ` These are the products we created from them . ' " She expressed concern that nearly seven months into the Obama administration , a key undersecretary position at the USDA has not been filled , which may be slowing the government 's ability to respond to such health threats . "  That person in that position would have significant public health experience and understand how these processes work , how meat enters the chain of commerce , " Klein said . The recall underscores the need for "  a comprehensive animal identification system " that would allow meat suppliers to trace their products to an individual ranch , she said . Klein urged supermarkets that use customer loyalty cards to track shoppers ' purchases to determine those who have bought the recalled meat . Boxes of the recalled product bear the establishment number "  EST. 969 " inside the USDA mark of inspection , the identifying package date of "  042109 " and a time stamp ranging from "  0618 " to "  1130 , " the statement said . It added that some of the beef products might have undergone further processing and might not have the "  EST. 969 " marking on products for sale directly to consumers . The USDA urged any customers with concerns to contact the store where they bought the meat . JBS spokesman Chandler Keys said his company 's products may have had nothing to do with the outbreak . "  It is important for consumers to note that the recalled product from the date in question was sold by JBS as whole muscle cuts , not as ground beef , " Keys said on the company 's Web site . "  The ground beef that might have been associated with illness was produced by other companies who often do not use the antimicrobial intervention steps we employ in our facility to reduce the risk of the beef products . " He said JBS agreed to expand its recall "  out of an abundance of caution for consumers . " Symptoms of infection with E. coli bacteria can include severe or bloody diarrhea , vomiting and severe abdominal cramping . The USDA urged consumers to cook all ground beef or ground beef patties to an internal temperature of 160 degrees Fahrenheit to kill any bacteria . CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Recall includes more than 420,000 pounds of meat from JBS Swift Beef Co. . USDA spokesman Brian Mabry said no fatalities had been reported JBS agreed to expand its recall "  out of an abundance of caution , " spokesman says
CNN  -- Honda has expanded an airbag recall worldwide , covering 2001 and 2002 Accord , Civic , Odyssey , CR-V , and selected 2002 Acura TL vehicles , the automaker said . The recall also includes the Honda Pilot and Acura CL in the United States , and the Honda Inspire , Saber and Lagreat in Japan for the same model years . On its Web site late Tuesday , Honda said the driver 's airbag inflators might expand with too much pressure , which can cause the inflator casing to break and could lead to injury or death . There have been 12 incidents related to an airbag inflator problem , Honda said . The original recall was issued in July 2009 , and included 2001 and 2002 Accords and Civics , as well as some 2002 model year Acura TL vehicles . The global recall now covers more than 950,000 vehicles . Honda said it will notify affected customers by mail and phone with instructions on how to have their vehicles inspected and updated at an authorized dealer . Last month , Honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 2007 and 2008 Fit , City and Jazz models worldwide , after a fire hazard involving a power window switch resulted in a death in South Africa .	Honda has expanded an airbag recall worldwide to more than half a million vehicles The global airbag-related recall now covers 514,000 vehicles Last month , Honda announced a separate recall of 646,000 for power window problems
Would he ever fly again , now that his feet and right hand were gone ? That was among the first things amateur pilot Brian Thomas wondered after he awoke from surgery in 2009 . A blood disease similar to hemophilia forced doctors to make him a triple amputee , removing his right hand and the ends of his feet . A blog post by amateur pilot and journalist Miles O'Brien revealed this week that the former CNN anchor was also the victim of a medical condition that required amputation . O'Brien lost his left arm , sending concern throughout the online news and aviation communities . O'Brien , a correspondent for PBS "  NewsHour , " appeared on CNN for 17 years , mostly focusing on science , technology and aerospace coverage . Thomas , 30 , has an idea of what O'Brien might be going through after his amputation . "  It 'll take some time for him to adapt , but he 'll be back in it in no time , " Thomas said Wednesday from his workplace in Lincoln , Nebraska . Former CNN anchor 's arm amputated after accident Thomas had idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura . The Mayo Clinic describes it as a "  disorder that can lead to easy or excessive bruising and bleeding " resulting "  from unusually low levels of platelets -- the cells that help your blood clot . " He had been flying his father 's tiny Cessna single-engine plane for about a decade when one day he fell into a coma and was rushed to a hospital . When he awoke , doctors told Thomas he would probably face amputations . Thus began a battle against the disorder and against depression , which he won thanks to encouragement from his family . Thomas then started his journey back to the cockpit . First , Thomas had to get a health evaluation . The FAA requires all pilots to be medically fit before they can be certified to fly solo . "  They see if you 're able to meet the regulations performance-wise , even though you have a physical deficiency , " Thomas said . He sent his medical records to be reviewed by an aviation medical examiner , who recommended that the FAA allow him to take a medical flight evaluation test . Only 18 months after his amputations and rehabilitation , Thomas was finally sitting in the pilot 's seat of a tiny rented airplane with an instructor , ready to show what he could still accomplish . "  I was a little nervous , because I was having trouble getting the airplane started , " Thomas laughed . "  It was giving me fits . " Eventually , the engine revved to life , and they were airborne . The instructor was mostly interested in judging Thomas ' access to the plane 's instruments and how well he could control the plane . Thomas practiced several takeoffs and landings and checked his braking . After the test , the instructor handed Thomas his paperwork . "  And I was a pilot again ! " he recalled . "  It was just a huge sigh of relief , because I was n't sure what to expect . " He celebrated by , what else , taking a solo flight . The same day he passed his test , Thomas was soaring high above Nebraska after dark . "  It was crystal clear , " he said . "  You could see a golden trail of headlights down the interstate . " "  I ca n't believe I got here , " he thought . "  It made me feel so successful , like , ` Well what 's my next challenge ? ' " Thankfully , Thomas ' remaining hand -- his left -- was the one he most relied on to fly before the surgery . He has always used his left hand to control his steering wheel , aka "  the stick . " Thomas uses his prosthetic arm and hook , which now substitute for his right hand , to control the plane 's engine , or throttle . "  The hook does n't do a whole lot . It just pushes and pulls on the throttle , " Thomas said . "  The left hand is where the magic is . That 's where you need all the fine motor skills , is running the stick . " Thomas said that for a pilot missing the "  magic hand " -- the main steering hand -- "  it would be considerably more challenging to get back into it . But it would n't be insurmountable . It just takes more practice , I would say . " As for the aircraft 's pedals , which control the rudder , Thomas said he does n't use any special gear . "  It 's harder for me than it used to be to feel where the rudder pedals are , because I do n't have any toes . The whole front half of my feet are gone . " If it 's really windy and gusty , "  it makes it more of a big deal , " he said . "  The taxiing , takeoff and landing portion , that 's really the most critical time to have your game on . " During his career covering aviation , O'Brien developed a reputation as a pilot and aircraft owner . He often used his plane to travel to story assignments and as a platform to explain aviation stories to a wider audience . The aviation community is tight-knit , and Thomas is reaching out to O'Brien as he would for any fellow pilot . "  I 'd be more than happy to help him any way I can , " he said . The horizon looks bright for Thomas , who 's been an aviation mechanic in Lincoln for about eight years and now flies about once a week . He has co-written a book about his experience , "  Modified Flight Plan . " And soon he wants to fly across America to inspire other amputees . "  I 'm still trying to figure out where to go , " he said . But one idea is Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , to help some of the nation 's troops who 've lost limbs in combat . "  That seems like it would be a pretty cool place to go . "	Amputees can be certified to fly solo as pilots Brian Thomas lost his feet and right hand and still flies once a week Thomas said former CNN anchor Miles O'Brien could be back piloting "  in no time " O'Brien posted on his blog that his left arm was amputated after an accident
CNN  -- Tony Soprano was a bully and a lover , a lightning rod and a superstar . And thanks to scripts crafted by David Chase and others , he was also , at times , prophetic , wise , even poetic . Here are a few of Tony Soprano 's many choice lines during "  The Sopranos " acclaimed run on HBO , compiled from IMDB.com and TVfanatic.com and spoken by actor James Gandolfini , who died in Italy while on holiday . -- Talking to his psychiatrist : "  We 're soldiers . Soldiers do n't go to hell . It 's war . Soldiers kill other soldiers . We 're in a situation where everyone involved knows the stakes and if you are going to accept those stakes , you 've got to do certain things . It 's business . " Appreciation : Gandolfini , a pure actor -- From another conversation with his psychiatrist , Dr. Melfi : "  This is n't painful . Getting shot is painful . Getting stabbed in the ribs is painful . This ... is n't painful . It 's empty . Dead . " -- Speaking to his wife , Carmela : "  You 're only religious when it suits you . " -- Speaking to Christopher Moltisanti , the cousin of Tony Soprano 's wife and part of his inner circle : "  Blood . You 're going to lead this family into the 21st century . " -- In response to Dr. Melfi 's question , after he threatens to smash her face during a therapy session : "  Is this a woman thing ? You ask me how I 'm feeling . I tell you how I 'm feeling , and now you 're going to torture me with it . " -- Referring to his mother 's involvement in a plot to kill him : "  What kind of person can I be , where his own mother wants him dead ? -- Speaking again to Dr. Melfi : "  The things I take pleasure in , I ca n't do . " Of course , Tony Soprano was just one of many roles that Gandolfini played in his decades-long career . With his large frame and , at times , intimidating sneer , he cast a big shadow in numerous movie , television and theater productions before his death this week in Italy . Below are some notable quotes that he uttered in a few of those roles . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America -- As CIA director in 2012 's "  Zero Dark Thirty , " talking about intelligence related to a compound where Osama bin Laden is later killed : "  Ca n't you put a camera somewhere -- in the trees -- to get a look into the main house ? ... We have to get a look into the house . " -- As the monster Carol to the young boy "  king " Max in the 2009 movie adaptation of "  Where the Wild Things Are " : "  This used to be all rock , and now it 's sand . And then , one day , it 's going to be dust . And then the whole island will be dust . And then ... well , I do n't even know what comes after dust . " -- As Eddie Poole , challenging another character to kill him in 1999 's "  8MM " : "  What are you waiting for ? Go ahead , do it ! ... What do you want me to do , start crying like a little baby ? ` Oh , I 'm sorry I killed the little girl . ' Well , f -- k you and f -- k her ! Go ahead ! Put me outta my f -- ing misery ! " -- As Lt. Bobby Daughtert in 1995 's "  Crimson Tide " questioning a new first officer , Hunter , who 'd challenged their submarine 's captain : "  We 've been following the captain for years , and now this a -- hole Hunter shows up , and we 're supposed to follow him because he said so ? " -- As Virgil , a deranged mobster , in 1993 's "  True Romance " : "  Now the first time you kill somebody , that 's the hardest ... . The second one ai n't no f -- in ' Mardi Gras either , but it 's better than the first one ... The third one is easy , you level right off . It 's no problem . " Read : Entertainers , politicians mourn Gandolfini Read : ` Sopranos , ' Gandolfini left mark on N.J. businesses	James Gandolfini played Tony Soprano on the HBO hit show "  The Sopranos " Tony Sorprano 's lines routinely struck a chord for their frankness , humor , depth Gandonfini , who died in Italy , had notable roles in films like "  Crimson Tide , " "  8MM " More recently , he played the CIA director in the critically acclaimed "  Zero Dark Thirty "
London  CNN  -- U.S. hopes for gymnast Gabby Douglas to repeat her gold-winning form Tuesday were dashed as she took a tumble from the balance beam -- but it was a day of joy for her teammate Aly Raisman , as Raisman claimed bronze in that event followed by a gold in the floor exercise . Raisman , who just missed out on a medal in the women 's individual all-around , beat Catalina Ponor of Romania and Russia 's Aliya Mustafina to clinch victory . "  It was the best routine I 've ever done , " she said . "  My coach said it was the best routine he 'd ever seen me do . " She took the third spot in the beam after a U.S. challenge to the initial results saw Ponor pushed down to fourth . China 's Deng Linlin and Sui Lu took gold and silver , respectively , in that event . The pint-sized Douglas swung back onto the beam to continue her routine , but the slip was too costly for her to place better than seventh . Douglas , nicknamed the "  Flying Squirrel " for her aerial agility on the uneven bars , has won a new legion of fans after her thrilling win in the women 's individual all-around early in the Games , but has seen medal chances slip through her fingers since . The 16-year-old 's unfortunate mistake on the balance beam followed disappointment in the uneven bars Monday , when she came in eighth . "  It was an amazing finals with so many great competitors , " she said after Monday 's event . "  Coming into bar finals was a big challenge for me , and I made a little mistake . Even if I would have hit a solid routine , I know I have a lower start value than the other competitors . " Victory in the men 's parallel bars went to China 's Feng Zhe , ahead of Germany 's Marcel Nguyen in silver position and France 's Hamilton Sabot . . Happy hosts crown new medals king Great Britain celebrated eight medals Tuesday , giving it 48 for the Olympics , one more than for the 2008 Beijing Games . Team GB has won 22 golds , most since the 1908 Olympics , also held in London . There was early disappointment for Team GB , though , as triple jumper Phillips Idowu failed to make it through the qualification round . The athlete , an east London native and Beijing silver medalist , had been the focus of much injury speculation in the run-up to the Games . Joy and tears were in evidence in the velodrome , the scene of a moving end to two great British Olympic cycling careers . Chris Hoy took the top spot in the men 's keirin cycle race , making him the first British Olympian to win six gold medals . "  I 'm in shock , " Hoy told the BBC , official broadcaster for the Games . "  This is just surreal , this is what I always wanted , I wanted to win gold in front of my home crowd . " Hoy , now 36 , said he was 99.9 % sure he would not be competing in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . "  This is the perfect end to my Olympic career , " he said . But Britain 's Victoria Pendleton was denied a similar fairytale ending when Australia 's Anna Meares took gold in the women 's track cycling sprint after a dramatic finish , leaving her with silver . An emotional Pendleton , who retires after these Games , said , "  I ca n't believe it 's all over . " But , she added , "  I 'm very glad to be saying it 's the last time I 'm going to go through this . " The silver medal capped a week of ups and downs for the 31-year-old , who was disqualified from the women 's team sprint alongside teammate Jess Varnish last week but then won gold in the women 's keirin . Team GB 's Laura Trott won the women 's omnium , a cycling contest made up of six events . American rider Sarah Hammer had been well placed going into the final stage but slipped down the rankings . British track cyclists have won seven golds in these Games , while those from other nations have won no more than one each . There was also early exaltation for the home crowds Tuesday , as brothers Alistair and Jonny Brownlee of Team GB split gold and bronze between them in the triathlon , with Spain 's Javier Gomez winning silver . Thousands of flag-waving spectators had flocked to watch the competitors in the men 's triathlon swim in the chilly Serpentine lake , cycle laps of the Hyde Park area and run a final grueling 10 kilometers . Alistair Brownlee strolled over waving a Union flag as he claimed an emphatic win -- Britain 's first ever gold in the event -- while Jonny Brownlee made a brave recovery to take bronze after taking a 15-second time penalty for a bungled transition between phases . In the equestrian sphere , Britain 's riders Carl Hester , Laura Bechtolsheimer and Charlotte Dujardin took the home nation 's first dressage gold , after holding their German rivals to a silver and the Netherlands to bronze in the team grand prix special . The victory , which was watched from the stands by Princess Anne , came a day after Team GB claimed gold in the team showjumping . Golden girls of the sand look for three-peat In women 's beach volleyball the U.S. is guaranteed gold and silver . On Tuesday , the pairs of Kerri Walsh-Misty May-Treanor and Jennifer Kessy-April Ross each won their semifinal matches . Walsh and May-Treanor are going for a third Olympic gold . "  They were playing awesome but we made it happen , " May-Treanor said of their Chinese opponents . "  I 'm speechless . I think we played as a unit , so I 'm very happy . I had a picture in my head at the beginning of the season of how I wanted us to play , and we 're living that picture , but it 's not over yet . " Kessy and Ross beat Brazilians Juliana and Larissa to reach the final . "  We were always trying to prove ourselves , but with that match we do n't need to do that anymore , " Kessy said . Track star overcomes injury to win 1,500 meters As the rain came down in the buzzing Olympic Stadium , the evening session was highlighted by the men 's 1,500-meter final . It turned into tactical race where the favored Kenyans faded down the final backstretch . Taoufik Makhloufi of Algeria pulled away in the final 300 meters and won easily in 3:34.08 , well off the world record . In a bit of a surprise , Leonel Manzano of the United States took the silver . It was the first U.S. medal in the event since Jim Ryun won silver in 1968 . "  I 've been training to the best of my ability , it was an amazing time , " Manzano said . "  It was the only time I 've ever cried after a race . " Abdalaati Iguider of Morocco edged Matt Centrowitz of the United States for the bronze . The top finishing Kenyan was Silas Kiplagat , who was seventh . Makhloufi was only in the race thanks to a doctor 's note that said he had an injured knee . He had been expelled from the Olympics by the governing body of track and field , which said he had not put in a real effort in 800-meter qualifying . If one of his knees was injured , you never would have known it Tuesday . "  It was the will of God , yesterday I was out , today I was in , " he said . "  I have a problem with my left leg and it may need surgery . " Australia 's Sally Pearson , as predicted , won the 100-meter hurdles final , but only by .02 seconds . Despite poor conditions for hurdling , she beat the United States ' Dawn Harper to the line in an Olympic record time of 12.35 . "  Relief was the first thing I felt and then shock , " Pearson said . "  I 'm just going through the emotions . I really wanted this . I 've worked so hard for two years . To see my name on the scoreboard , I just ca n't believe it . " The medal success for the Americans continued in the high jump where Erik Kynard took silver . Russia 's Ivan Ukhov leapt to gold . In the other final of the night , Robert Harting of Germany won discus gold . Tuesday morning , 100-meter champion Usain Bolt and fellow Jamaican Yohan Blake , nicknamed "  the Beast , " eased through in their respective 200-meter heats . Read more : Witness report of historic 100m Team USA 's Maurice Mitchell clinched the third heat , while France 's Christophe Lemaitre clocked the fastest time of the morning to win his heat . The women 's 200-meter final will feature three runners from the U.S. -- Sanya Richards-Ross , Allyson Felix and Carmelita Jeter -- and Jamaicans Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce and Veronica Campbell-Brown . Odds and ends Team USA beat Canada 91-48 in the women 's basketball to reach the semifinal and will face Australia . Read more : Obama 's Olympic well-wishes In men 's football at Wembley , Mexico edged out Japan 3-1 in the semifinal to reach their first Olympic final . They 'll face formidable Brazil , which scored three goals for the fifth consecutive match in beating South Korea . Despite their many World Cup triumphs , Brazil has yet to win an Olympic gold . Iran 's Ghasem Gholamreza Rezaei won gold in the Greco-Roman wrestling 96-kilogram final , after defeating Russia 's Rustam Totrov , and Russia 's Ilya Zakharov won the men 's 3-meter springboard diving final . Meanwhile , Cameroon 's head of mission confirmed that seven of the African nation 's athletes have gone missing while at the London Games . The athletes , who include five boxers , a female footballer and a male swimmer , have the right to remain in the country until November . It 's not yet clear if they will seek to stay longer . China topped the medals table as of Tuesday evening , with Team USA placed second and Team GB in third , after a series of outstanding performances that have delighted the home crowd . Read more : Quiet highlights of the London Olympics	NEW : Great Britain wins 48th medal , one more than it did in Beijing Team USA 's Aly Raisman wins gold in gymnastics floor exercise , bronze on beam Taoufik Makhloufi of Algeria pulls away in men 's 1,500 meters Seven Cameroon athletes are missing , the country 's Olympic head of mission says
CNN  -- Blood transfusions . Saline injections . Back-dated prescriptions and tipoffs to coming tests . Former teammates of cycling superstar Lance Armstrong recounted a wide range of techniques used to beat the sport 's drug-testing regimen to investigators from the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which released its findings on the seven-time Tour de France winner Wednesday . But perhaps the most effective one was the most low-tech : laying low . "  We hid , " the report quotes former U.S. Postal Service team member Tyler Hamilton . "  At the time , the whereabouts programs of drug testing agencies were not very robust . " The sport 's international governing body , the UCI , "  did not even have an out of competition testing program . If a tester did show up , you typically would not get a missed test even if you decided not to answer the door . In any case , there was no penalty until you had missed three tests . So , avoiding testing was just one more way we gamed the system . " Highlights of the Armstrong report The team 's staff "  was good at being able to predict when riders would be tested and seemed to have inside information about the testing , " states the nearly 200-page decision , which was backed by hundreds of pages of supporting documents . During Armstrong 's comeback attempt in 2009 , his Astana team "  benefited from privileged information or timing advantages during doping control tests . " And in 2010 , Armstrong himself "  was providing untimely and incomplete whereabouts information to USADA , thereby making it more difficult to locate him for out of competition testing . " Armstrong has consistently denied doping accusations , and his lawyer called the USADA probe a "  witch hunt " Wednesday . But he has stopped contesting the allegations , and he faces being stripped of his titles . The riders also told of timing their use of erythropoietin , or EPO , which boosts the number of red blood cells that carry oxygen to the muscles , to avoid detection . The substance was undetectable before 2000 and currently can be detected only for a short time . The riders cut that time further by injecting it into a vein rather than under the skin , meaning it would be gone "  in a matter of hours . " Evidence of Armstrong doping ` overwhelming , ' agency says They used testosterone in much the same way , taking small doses at night so that they could pass a drug test the following morning . And they also had infusions of saline solution before a test , which throws off a test that measures red blood cell concentration . That sometimes required fancy footwork , and there were some close calls , the riders said . During the 1998 world cycling championships , a UCI tester showed up unannounced and started setting up at a bed and breakfast where Armstrong 's team was staying . A team doctor went outside to their car , retrieved a bottle of saline "  and smuggled it right past the UCI tester and into Armstrong 's bedroom , " the report states . Teammate Jonathan Vaughters told investigators that they later "  had a good laugh about how he had been able to smuggle in saline and administer it to Lance essentially under the UCI inspector 's nose . " Armstrong : It 's time to move forward CNN 's Matt Smith and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	"  We hid " from drug tests , cyclist Tyler Hamilton told doping investigators Tipoffs and timing helped conceal drug use as well , report finds Armstrong denies doping allegations
CNN  -- As it continued its northward retreat , the arctic blast still held sway over the upper Midwest , where it bore down with below-zero lows early Thursday . This should be its last stand in the United States , as temperatures bump up day by day , the National Weather Service said . Minnesota 's coldest spots were forecast to plunge to as low as minus-30 degrees Fahrenheit with a frost-biting wind chill factor near 40 below . Most of the nation should drop below freezing overnight , according to the NWS . Pipe bombs The polar vortex left behind ticking time bombs of sorts , and as it gives way to warmer weather , they are going off . Pipes that froze and cracked are unfreezing , and plumbers and fire crews are rushing to stop the gushing water leaks , CNN affiliates are reporting . The spurts caused some serious damage to homes and businesses and flooded streets . Leaking pipes that broke during the freeze closed down a 30-story office building in Kansas City , Missouri , after its basement flooded , taking down central electrical circuits , KMBC reported . More than 50 apartments were damaged when pipes broke in a building in Chattanooga , Tennessee . Phones rang hot at plumbing companies from Memphis to Decatur , Alabama . "  Good for business . Bad for sleep , " Decatur plumber Chris Byrd told WAAY . "  It 's about a once-every-10-year event we get something like this . " It 's so cold , humor edition Slippery slopes The changing weather is laying down thin ice patches from western Tennessee to eastern Kansas and Oklahoma , the weather service warns . As warmer air moves in , it is bringing rain , drizzle and fog , which are bumping up against temperatures still below freezing . The result is what the NWS calls a "  wintry mix " -- everything from freezing fog to snow . It will ice over streets , but slicken bridges and overpasses in particular and possibly tear down some power lines , the weather service said . It 's another nasty leftover from the polar vortex , which authorities have blamed for as many as 23 deaths across six states .	The upper Midwest still sees lows around minus-20 The low is below freezing in most of the nation Pipes are thawing and bursting , damaging homes and businesses The changing weather is laying down a slick spot from the Midsouth to Oklahoma
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  -- Mark Sanford is heading back to Washington after detours along the Appalachian Trail and Argentina . The former South Carolina governor finished his second term in office three years ago with his political career dead in the water thanks to a well-publicized extra-marital affair and ethics violations . But he came away Tuesday with a victory over Democratic opponent Elizabeth Colbert Busch in the special election for a vacant House seat in the Palmetto State 's 1st Congressional District -- the same seat he once held . Here 's what we 've learned , or better yet , re-learned , from Sanford 's victory 1 . Voters give politicians second chances From the start of his bid for Congress , Sanford was very open on the campaign trail about the affair and made it the subject of his first TV ad . Sanford asked for , and received , political redemption from the voters . "  I want to acknowledge a God not just of second chances but third , fourth , fifth , sixth , seventh , eighth chances , because that is the reality of our shared humanity , " said Sanford at his victory celebration Tuesday night . "  I am one imperfect man saved by God 's grace . " He repeated that theme minutes later at a news conference with reporters . "  I think we 're always on the search for redemption and I think this is certainly a degree of political redemption . " Colbert Busch 's campaign , as well as two national Democratic groups which contributed money and support to her campaign , highlighted the affair . At their only general election debate , Colbert Busch confronted Sanford about his 2009 secret trip to Argentina to see his mistress . And her campaign went up with a TV commercial which slammed Sanford for using "  tax dollars to visit his mistress in Argentina , disappeared for a week leaving no one in charge , betrayed all who trusted him , then lied to cover it up . Mark Sanford , it 's a question of character . " The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the pro-Democrat House Majority PAC , which , combined , spent nearly $ 900,000 to try and defeat Sanford , also spotlighted the affair in their final ads . But in the end , it was n't enough . 2 . Candidates matter For all his political baggage , Mark Sanford is a veteran on the campaign trail . And Elizabeth Colbert Busch showed her campaign inexperience at times . "  Sanford may be a flawed candidate but he 's a fabulous campaigner , " said Republican strategist Hogan Gidley , a former executive director of the South Carolina Republican Party . "  Forget the rhetoric or the policy or the delivery -- hand-to-hand , eye-to-eye he 's very good and it 's impossible to outwork him . " Sanford also seemed to win this election one voter at a time . The candidate appeared to be everywhere in the campaign 's closing days . He held nearly 15 events on Monday , with another 10 on Election Day . 3 . Turnout matters We knew Democratic voters were fired up , but the big question concerned Republican voters in a district that the GOP has held for more 30 years . Would they vote even with their reservations about Sanford ? The answer appears to be yes . It was a high turnout for a special election . Roughly a quarter of the 18-plus population voted , more than 140,000 votes total , according to a CNN analysis of the vote . "  That seems to have helped Sanford , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  Low turnout would have meant a lot of Republicans who were reluctant to vote for him and would n't vote for a Democrat . High turnout turns that around : Plenty of Republicans who had misgivings about Sanford came out to vote anyway . " And House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi might be one reason why . Sanford and his campaign repeatedly tied Colbert Busch to Pelosi , saying that a vote for Colbert Busch would also be a vote for Pelosi , who has high negatives with Republican voters and who most likely would become House speaker again if the Democrats run the table and regain control of the chamber in next year 's midterm elections . "  I 've fought hard over the years to make South Carolina a better place to call home . But those efforts pale now against the larger battle for the direction of our country . Maybe that 's why Nancy Pelosi and allies have spent more than a million dollars to defeat me . But this contest is bigger than them or me , it 's about two different visions of how we restore America and reign in Washington spending , " Sanford said , looking into the camera in a TV spot that started running district-wide last week . Two weeks ago he even debated a cardboard cutout of Pelosi to call out Colbert Busch for not accepting more than one debate . The strategy appears to have paid off . 4 . Location , location , location Macro : The 1st Congressional District is GOP country . Mitt Romney carried the district by 18 percentage points in last November 's presidential election . And Rep. Tim Scott was reelected by 27 points before he was picked by GOP Gov. Nikki Haley to fill the Senate seat vacated by Sen. Jim DeMint , who stepped down to take over as the head of the conservative Heritage Foundation . Even a candidate with serious political baggage like Sanford was able to win . Micro : Sanford won all five counties in the district . He won big where he needed to , in the conservative counties of Berkeley and Dorchester , taking around 60 % of the vote . He carried the district 's second most populous county , Beaufort , by 6 percentage points . Some Democrats hoped that older voters in that county , which includes Hilton Head , would be turned off by Sanford 's affair . Sanford narrowly carried his home base of Charleston County , where the most voters were at stake . That was also Colbert Busch 's best hope . 5 . Money does n't always matter Colbert Busch 's campaign outspent Sanford 's operation in the closing weeks . And the DCCC and House Majority PAC combined spent around $ 900,000 to try to defeat Sanford , who received far less support from outside groups . Money matters in campaign politics , but it 's just one factor in determining a race .	Disgraced former Gov. Mark Sanford overcame past scandals to win House seat Sanford is a veteran campaigner while opponent Colbert Bush made some rookie mistakes Surprisingly high turnout in solid Republican district helped Sanford
CNN  -- Virender Sehwag smashed a career-best one-day innings of 175 as India opened the 2011 Cricket World Cup with a convincing 87-run victory over co-hosts Bangladesh in Dhaka on Saturday . Opening batsman Sehwag put on 203 for the third wicket with Virat Kohli , who was unbeaten on 100 , as India compiled 370-4 in the allotted 50 overs -- the fifth-highest total in tournament history . Bangladesh made a game effort in reply but could manage only 283-9 , crucially losing five wickets while scoring just 47 runs in the final 10 overs of the match . Sehwag , who hit 14 boundaries and five sixes in his 140-ball knock , matched the 175 not out by compatriot Kapil Dev in 1983 which is the fourth-highest score in World Cup matches . Bangladesh excited to host Cricket World Cup "  It was a good start for the team , I have said this is a revenge game and we have won , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I have said before Bangladesh are not good in Tests , but they can compete in ODIs -- but today they could not . Special thanks to my physio for helping me , I was carrying a couple of injuries and they got me ready for this game . " After Bangladesh won the toss and chose to field , Sehwag opened the Indian innings with veteran Sachin Tendulkar -- the sport 's highest scorer in one-day and Test formats -- who scored 28 from 29 balls before being run out . Girls got game in cricket-crazy Bangladesh Gautam Gambhir , who usually opens for India in five-day Tests , made a run-a-ball 39 before falling at 152-2 in the 24th over , bringing Koli to the crease . The 22-year-old reached three figures for the fourth time in one-day internationals , needing only 83 deliveries as he hit eight fours and two sixes . Bangladesh looked well-placed at 188-2 but then opener Tamil Iqbal fell for his team 's top score of 70 as the second of Munaf Patel 's four wickets . And when captain Shakib Al Hasan was caught in the deep by Harbhajan Singh for 55 off 50 balls in the 40th over , it signaled the end of the home team 's resistance . Spinner Harbhajan picked up a wicket and a runout , while Patel finished with figures of 4-48 off his 10 overs to give India a winning start to their Group B campaign . The seven-team pool also includes cricket heavyweights South Africa , England and the West Indies . The Group A schedule begins on Sunday as New Zealand take on African minnows Kenya in Chennai , India , and the third of the tournament 's hosts Sri Lanka play Canada . The group also includes three-time defending champions Australia , 1992 winners Pakistan and Zimbabwe .	Batsman Virender Sehwag stars as India win World Cup opener by 87 runs in Dhaka Opener equals the fourth-highest score in tournament 's history with 175 runs Virat Kohli also scores a century as India compile a daunting 370-4 in 50 overs Co-hosts Bangladesh lose six wickets in the last 11 overs , ending on 283-4
CNN  -- For more than 50 years , the United States has had an embargo against the island of Cuba , all because we supposedly hate communism and believe the nation 90 miles from our borders should institute democracy . As the GOP candidates battle it out for votes in Florida 's primary election on Tuesday , the subject of Cuba has come up in a couple of debates . Nearly all the candidates , except for Texas Rep. Ron Paul , have sounded ridiculous trying to defend what is clearly a failed policy , all in an effort to curry favor among the large population of Cuban voters in the state . Take , for instance , Newt Gingrich . The former speaker of the House was his usual fire-breathing self in the NBC-National Journal debate when he called on the United States to authorize regime change to get Fidel and Raul Castro out of their positions as leaders of the country . "  I would suggest to you the policy of the United States should be aggressively to overthrow the regime and to do everything we can to support those Cubans who want freedom , " Gingrich said . "  You know , Obama is very infatuated with an Arab Spring . He does n't seem to be able to look 90 miles south of the United States to have a Cuban Spring . "  So I would try to put in place a very aggressive policy of reaching out to every single Cuban who would like to be free , helping network them together , reaching out to the younger generation inside the dictatorship , and indicating they do n't have a future as a dictatorship because a Gingrich presidency will not tolerate four more years of this dictatorship . " In what was the most ridiculous comment of the night , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said that if Cuba were China in terms of its geographical proximity to the United States , he would be just as against the country . "  This is an important doctrine of the United States to make sure that our hemisphere and those who are close to us are -- are folks that we can and should deal with , " Santorum said . "  And right now , we have and have had for 50 years a dictatorship in Cuba . We 've had sanctions on them . They should continue . They should continue until the Castros are dead , and then we should make it very clear that if you want mountains of aid , if you want normal relationships , if you want to improve your economy , if you want to have the opportunity for freedom , that the United States stands ready now to embrace you now that you 've gotten rid of these tyrants who -- who have controlled you for these 50-plus years . That 's why the sanctions have to stay in place , because we need to have a -- a very solid offer to come forward and help the Cuban people . " Seriously ? Is it possible for us to have a grown-folks conversation here ? There is no logical reason that candidates should deplore normalizing relations with Cuba , while we do whatever we can to help China . Hmmm , let 's see . Cuba is a communist country . China is a communist country . The people of Cuba are n't living in a democratic system . The people of China are n't living in a democratic system . Yet China has been granted most favored nation status , allowing the free flow of goods back and forth . Sorry , Rick , that has nothing to do with proximity . It 's all about China being a great outpost for U.S. businesses , and the fact that the communist country is essentially the banker of America , owning hundreds of billions of dollars of our debt . Santorum wants to suggest that Cuba is in bed with Nicaragua and Venezuela , and they are in alignment with Iran , helping potential terrorists . Last I checked , we have relations with Russia , and they do huge business with Iran . We despise North Korea , yet China does a lot of business with North Korea . Folks , I 'm fully supportive of democracy , and we should be preaching that gospel wherever we go . But there is no way I can believe that thawing our relationship with Cuba will somehow harm America . The Cuban-American community is loud , has major political clout and writes big checks , mainly to the GOP . But surely it 's time for the adults to admit that the embargo has not forced Castro out of office , and all it has done is give him the best bogeyman he could get when talking to Cuban citizens . The United States should step up and end the embargo against Cuba and recognize that having real and substantive relationships with the nation could spur the democracy we say we want . "  I think it 's time ... to quit this isolation business of not talking to people , " Paul said . "  We talked to the Soviets . We talk to the Chinese . And we opened up trade , and we 're not killing each other now . We fought with the Vietnamese for a long time . We finally gave up , started talking to them , now we trade with them . I do n't know why -- why the Cuban people should be so intimidating . "  I think we 're living in the dark ages when we ca n't even talk to the Cuban people . I think it 's not 1962 anymore . And we do n't have to use force and intimidation and overthrow of a -- in governments . I just do n't think that 's going to work . " It 's time that the GOP candidates and officials in both parties stop the political pandering to Cuban Americans and say that if we want a free Cuba , it can begin with ending a senseless and failed embargo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin notes Cuba has come up as issue in Florida GOP primary race The candidates have looked silly defending America 's failed Cuba policy , he says Martin says only Ron Paul has the right idea about Cuba
In Twitter 's popularity contest , Katy Perry is the new queen bee . The 29-year-old pop star has edged out Justin Bieber as the most popular person on the social networking site , boasting 46,529,319 followers in comparison to Bieber 's 46,507,829 on Monday morning . While the public 's opinion on Bieber is typically divided , the 19-year-old singer has reigned supreme on Twitter after passing Lady Gaga as the most popular on the site in January . The Mother Monster now has the third most followed account with 40,400,759 followers , according to TwitterCounter.com , putting her ahead of President Barack Obama . Neither Bieber nor Perry immediately noted the Twitter shake-up , although Bieber has had a busy weekend . Following a set of performances in Brazil -- and some eyebrow-raising allegations from the New York Post 's Page Six -- the Canadian crooner was preparing to release a new song on Monday . The track 's ironically appropriate title ? "  Bad Day . "	Katy Perry is now the most popular person on Twitter The singer has knocked Justin Bieber out of the No. 1 spot Lady Gaga is the third most popular , ahead of President Obama
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has accomplished some extraordinary things but can he really shoot down a fighter jet ? The F-22 Raptor is the most expensive jet fighter ever built . The plane is the F-22 Raptor , a supersonic stealth marvel that looks like it 's flown straight out of a Hollywood action film . It is being built for the U.S. Air Force , boasting the most advanced technology in the sky . "  You talk to any aviator in the world , ask what they would like to fly , and if they do n't say the F-22 then they are lying , " U.S. Major Derek Routt told The Atlantic magazine . "  I would kill to fly it . " The U.S. government has ordered nearly 200 of them , even as the price has rocketed to more than $ 350 million each , making the Lockheed Martin/Boeing F-22 the most expensive fighter ever built . But it 's never been used in combat and it 's not clear when it will be . The U.S. simply does n't face any enemies with planes advanced enough to bother sending out an F-22 . "  The reality is we are fighting two wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , "  and the F-22 has not performed a single mission in either theater . " Gates does n't want any more of them . Obama , who campaigned for the presidency criticizing what he considers wasteful military spending , does n't either . Is the F-22 essential military spending or a waste of money ? Sound Off below But it 's the U.S. Congress that actually funds the military . A lot of its members want to see more F-22s taking off , to keep the U.S. air force ahead of potential rivals and protect thousands of factory jobs across the country . "  We need to maintain that air superiority , " said Congressman Phil Gingrey , whose district is home to the main F-22 assembly line . "  This is not just about 2,200 jobs , although with the economy as it is , and all these job losses , it 's kind of preposterous to think that this administration would close  them  down . " The Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives has voted to order a dozen more planes . But the full Congress would still have to vote and Obama would have to sign the legislation . He says he will veto it instead . The president is taking aim at the F-22 but the fighter jet probably wo n't go down without a fight .	U.S. President Obama faces battle with Congress over new F-22 Raptor Obama , Defense Secretary Gates do n't want any more of the $ 350M fighter jets Many in Congress see F-22 as way of protecting defense industry jobs Obama has threatened to veto legislation ordering more fighter jets
CareerBuilder  -- I 'm probably as sick of writing about job loss as you are reading about it . But I have some good news to report . The Brookings Institute released the Q3 edition of its MetroMonitor , a "  quarterly , interactive barometer of the health of America 's 100 largest metropolitan economies . " The MetroMonitor analyzes trends in U.S. metro employment , unemployment , economic performance , housing prices and real estate-owned properties to determine the rate of the country 's recession and recovery . So what did they find with regards to jobs ? Looking at Q2 2009 to Q3 2009 , the overall percent change in employment change in the top 100 largest metro areas was -0.5 percent and also -0.5 percent for the entire U.S. Eleven metros that saw increases in employment in the last quarter and another six saw no change at all . Here are the 11 metros that saw positive job growth : McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 1.3 New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner , Louisiana Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.6 New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island , New York , Pennsylvania Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.5 Omaha-Council Bluffs , Nebraska-Iowa Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.5 Columbia , South Carolina Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.3 Worcester , Massachusetts Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.2 Jackson , Mississippi Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.2 Raleigh-Cary , North Carolina Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Washington-Arlington-Alexandria , DC-Virginia-Maryland-W . Virginia Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Madison , Wisconsin Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 Syracuse , New York Change in employment Q2 2009-Q3 2009 : 0.1 The MetroMonitor also compared the largest 100 metros ' peak employment quarter to the most recent quarter  Q3 2009  , measuring the extent to which employment has recovered from the recession 's full impact . In that respect , only one metro area has seen employment growth from its peak until Q3 : McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas , whose employment has risen 1.4 percent . When you consider that the percent change in employment for the 100 largest metro areas was down -4.3 percent since the peak and down -4.6 percent for the entire U.S. , there seems to be a lot more healing to go ... but at least we seem to be on the right track . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The Brookings Institute says employment growing in some areas , according to CareerBuilder MetroMonitor , a barometer of health of 100 largest U.S. metropolitan economies Says largest employment growth in McAllen-Edinburg-Mission , Texas In second place was New Orleans-Metairie-Kenner , Louisiana
Rapper Andre Johnson severed his penis and jumped from a Los Angeles apartment building early Wednesday , police said . Johnson was seriously injured , but survived the fall from the second level of the building in North Hollywood , Los Angeles Police Sgt. William Mann said . Johnson , along with his recovered penis , was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where he was being treated , Mann said . Details about what triggered the incident were not available . Johnson has been a member of Northstar , a Long Beach , California , hip hop group that was part of the Wu-Tang Clan family , according to the Wu-Tang Clan website . He performs under the name Christ Bearer . His recording credits include "  When the Guns Come Out , " which was included on the soundtrack of the 2004 film "  Blade : Trinity , " according to the Internet Movie Database .	Andre Johnson is seriously injured , but survives the fall He is taken along with his recovered penis to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Johnson was a member of North Star , a Wu-Tang Clan affiliated hip hop group He performs under the name Christ Bearer
Analysts are right to assess the level of national preparedness to climate change -- but well-intentioned efforts to rank countries can inadvertently sow hopelessness among those considered to be ill-prepared . A recent University of Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index  ND-GAI  ranks Norway , New Zealand , Sweden , Finland and Denmark as the world 's best prepared nations . At the bottom of the adaptation index lie Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  , Central African Republic , Eritrea , Burundi and lastly Chad . The report says that the highest ranked countries "  face moderate exposure to climate change , but they have good capacities to deal with the potential climate risks , including high access to amenities such as electricity , sanitation and clean drinking water . In general , they are also less dependent on natural capital , are better prepared for natural disasters and practice good governance . " Such preparedness assessments focus on existing conditions and capabilities and fail to account for emerging technological opportunities that might be easily adapted by those with the least access to conventional infrastructure and capabilities . This narrative overlooks the fact these same countries have also developed a wide range of local capabilities that enable them to adapt to major natural disasters as illustrated by the case of the Sahel region . As argued by Simon Batterbury  University of Melbourne , Australia  and Michael Mortimore  Drylands Research , UK  , Sahelian adaptation to drought is "  a combination of skill and technique , both learned and invented , and has been combined with deliberate efforts by households and communities to reduce their vulnerability . " The authors conclude that the lessons of Sahelian adaptation offer strong indications of the ability of communities to adapt to the challenges of future climate variability and uncertainty . Their adaptation "  should be facilitated rather than driven from the outside , " they conclude . The challenge is to strengthen local capabilities through endogenous technological innovation in fields such as energy , agriculture , health and environmental management . But doing so will require acknowledging the pro-active , creative and innovative capabilities of local communities . Harnessing technology The second important element of innovation is the capacity of the less resource-endowed communities to harness emerging technologies and put them to creative uses . In the 1970s , Africa was written off as a region for technological innovation and was defined as destination for low and simple devices dubbed "  appropriate technology . " The celebrated story of the widespread usage of mobile phone has rebranded the continent as a place where emerging technologies can find novel and unanticipated uses . The invention of mobile money transfer in Kenya is a good example of an African response to poor banking infrastructure . The global mobile money market is currently valued at $ 15 billion and is projected to $ 278.9 billion by 2018 , growing at an estimated annual rate of 82.4 % . The importance of this African creation lies in its global impact . The carbon footprint of mobile phones relative to landlines has yet to be calculated . When this is done it will add a new dimension to Africa 's contributions to the use of climate-smart technologies . Similar examples of technological leapfrogging are evident is countries such as DRC which is listed as among the least capable of adapting to climate change . The country , which is about the size of Western Europe , had the same length of paved road network as Rwanda , which is about 80 times smaller . The rapid expansion of road networks and economic growth in DRC resulted in urban traffic chaos . The country , through the work of women engineers , has responded by leapfrogging to the use of robot technology to control traffic in Kinshasa . Alternative energy resources There are other areas of direct relevance to climate change that African economies could provide leadership . The first is renewable energy . Advances in solar and wind energy technology  and the associated smart power management systems  are making renewable energy competitive with fossil fuels . Their widespread adoption is likely to favor poor nations in the tropics that are not committed to traditional energy infrastructure . Access to information on emerging technologies often limits Africa 's leapfrogging capabilities . This is being remedied by the expansion of technical education and internet connectivity . Future efforts to adapt to climate change will be guided by emerging African strategies that seek to focus on leveraging technological innovation for sustainable development . Comparing the preparedness of countries to climate change helps to focus attention on the need for concerted national adaptation strategies . But failing to account for the adaptive potential of all nations can create despair among the poor and complacency among the rich . It is possible that some of the ideas that might help the global community to adapt to climate change might come from the poor . Read this : Why small nations must unite for climate revolution Read this : Island paradise seeks beach-goers More from Marketplace Africa	ND Gain Index : Many African countries are least prepared for climate change Among the lowest ranked were Chad , Burundi , Eritrea , CAR and the DRC The annual index ranks countries "  based on their vulnerability to climate change . . ... and their readiness to adapt to the droughts , superstorms and natural disasters that climate change can cause "
CNN  -- Tottenham was made to endure a frustrating night at White Hart Lane after being held to a goalless draw by Lazio . In front of watching UEFA President Michel Platini , Tottenham had three ` goals ' disallowed by Romanian referee Ovidiu Hategen during an enthralling contest . Clint Dempsey , Jermain Defoe and Steven Caulker all saw their efforts chalked off as Lazio escaped with a point following a dogged defensive performance . The Italians did hit the crossbar in the first-half when Alvaro Gonzalez 's spectacular volley crashed against the woodwork . Spurs piled on the pressure after the break but failed to find a breakthrough . Liverpool , resting a whole host of big -- name players , came from behind to defeat Young Boys 5-3 in a Group A thriller . Manager Brendan Rodgers gave youth its chance to shine with substitute Jonjo Shelvey scoring twice in the second -- half to seal the win . Liverpool took a fourth minute lead through Juni Ojala 's own -- goal before Raphael Nuzzolo brought the hosts level . Andre Wisdom marked his Liverpool debut by heading his side back into the lead five minutes before the break , only for Ojala to atone for his earlier error by leveling the match . Gonzalo Zarate 's sublime 63rd minute finish threatened to leave Rodgers regretting his decision to leave out the likes of Luis Suarez and Steven Gerrard . But Sebastian Coates equalized just three minutes later , before Shelvey came off the bench to score a classy double . In the group 's other game , Antonio Di Natale grabbed a dramatic 92nd minute equalizer as Udinese claimed a 1-1 draw against big -- spending Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala . Daniele Padelli 's own -- goal had given the Guus Hiddink 's men the lea but Di Natale rescued the hosts at the death . Falcao on fire as Atletico Madrid win Europa League Atletico Madrid began their defense of the Europa League with a comfortable 3-0 win at Hapoel Tel Aviv in Group B. Atletico , who defeated Athletic Bilbao in last year 's final , eased past the Israeli side with goals coming from Cristian Rodriguez , Diego Costa and Raul Garcia Viktoria Plzen came from behind to defeat Portuguese side Academica 3-1 . Wilson Eduardo gave the visitors a 19th minute lead , but three second -- half goals from Pavel Horvath , Michal Duris and Frantisek Rajtoral wrapped up with win for Plzen . Olympique Marseille scored twice in the final stages to rescue an unlikely point against Fenerbahce in Group C . The Turkish hosts appeared to be in line for a comfortable victory thanks to goals from Caner Erkin and Alex. Barton 's English ban to apply in France But Marseille , who gave a debut to midfielder Joey Barton , halved the deficit through Mathieu Valbuena , before Andre Ayew fired home a 94th minute leveller . In the group 's other contest , Oscar Wendt missed an injury -- time penalty as Borussia Monchengladbach were forced to settle for a goalless draw at AEL Limassol . Bordeaux claimed its biggest European victory in more than 10 years by defeating Club Brugge 4-0 in Group D . The French side took the lead through Ludovic Lamine 's 13th minute strike with Yoann Goufrran making it 2-0 at the break . An own -- goal by half -- time substitute Bjorn Engels and a Jussie effort sealed the win . Maritimo and Newcastle both hit the woodwork as they played out a goalless draw in Portugal . Georg Niedermeier rescued a point for Stuttgart in a 2-2 draw against Steaua Bucharest in Group E . The home side had taken a fifth minute lead through Vedad Ibisevic only for Alex Chipciu and Raul Rusescu to give the visitors the advantage . But Niedermeier popped up with five minutes remaining to deny the Romanians and ensure matters ended even . Elsewhere in the group , FC Kobenhavn defeated Molde 2-1 thanks to goals from Claudemir and Andreas Cornelius . Eduardo Vargas scored a hat -- trick as Napoli began its Group F campaign in style with a 4-0 win over Sweden 's AIK Solna . Vargas ' treble and a strike from Blerim DÅ 3/4 emaili sealed the points for Napoli , who also had midfielder Marek Hamsik sent off . Dnipro claimed an impressive 2-0 win over Dutch side PSV Eindhoven courtesy of a Matheus Nascimento strike and an own -- goal from Atiba Hutchinson . In Group G , Genk cruised to a 3-0 victory over Videoton , while Sporting Lisbon was held to a 0-0 draw by Basel . Yuto Nagamoto grabbed a late equalizer as Inter Milan recorded a 2-2 draw in their Group H opener against Rubin Kazan , while Partizan and Neftci ended goalless . In Group I , Hapoel Kiryat Shmona produced one of the most impressive results in its history after holding Athletic Bilbao to a 1-1 draw at San Mames . Minnows Kiryat Shmona clinch Israeli title Lyon eased past Sparta Prague 2-1 with Bafetimbi Gomes and Lisandro Lopez on target for the French side . Bayer Leverkusen endured a frustrating night in Group K after being held to a 0-0 draw at home by Metalist Kharkiv , while Rosenborg went top with a 2-1 win at Rapid Wien . Levante lead Group L following a 1-0 home win over Helsingborgs , while Dutch side Twente were held 2-2 by Hannover . In Tottenham 's group , Maribor defeated Panathinaikos 3-0 with Robert Beric , Agim Ibraimi and Marco Tavares on target . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football Meanwhile , Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel has closed his Twitter account after receiving racist abuse online . Chelsea issued a statement condemning those responsible and have informed the police following the matter . The statement read : "  We 've been made aware of racist tweets targeted at Mikel which are totally unacceptable , disgusting and abhorrent . "  We 've informed the police and support taking the strongest possible action . "	Tottenham held 0-0 at White Hart Lane by Lazio Spurs boss Andre Villas -- Boas yet to win a home game Liverpool come from behind to win 5-3 at Young Boys Atletico Madrid begin title defense with victory
CNN  -- Aimee Copeland on Tuesday reached another milestone by being upgraded from critical to serious condition at the Georgia hospital where she has valiantly fought a condition caused by flesh-eating bacteria . According to Doctors Hospital of Augusta , both critical and serious conditions include a patient having vital signs that are unstable and not within normal limits . Whereas a patient in critical condition may be unconscious and have indicators that are "  unfavorable , " a person in serious condition is acutely ill with indicators that are "  questionable . " Copeland , 24 , late last month began breathing on her own and talking for the first time in weeks , and even cracked jokes . The bacteria led surgeons to amputate her hands , part of her abdomen , one of her legs and her remaining foot in an effort to stay ahead of the disease . The young Snellville , Georgia , woman 's ordeal began May 1 , when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacterium Aeromonas hydrophila . Surviving flesh-eating bacteria Since then , her father , Andy , has written regularly about her situation , and the psychology department at the University of West Georgia -- where Aimee has been pursuing her master 's degree in psychology -- also has posted regular updates online . Family counters flesh-eating bacteria with faith	Aimee Copeland is now listed in serious condition Copeland , 24 , is battling necrotizing fasciitis caused by flesh-devouring bacteria She has been hospitalized for more than a month
Mexicans are watching closely as U.S. President Barack Obama prepares to announce his administration 's proposals to stem gun violence . The country 's top diplomat in the United States says the tragic Connecticut school shooting may have "  opened a window of opportunity " for Obama to fix a problem that has long plagued both sides of the border . "  The Second Amendment ... is not , was never and should not be designed to arm foreign criminal groups , " Mexican Ambassador Eduardo Medina Mora told reporters last week . His comments were just the latest in years of criticism of U.S. gun policies by Mexican officials , who blame weapons trafficking from the United States and the 2004 expiration of the U.S. assault weapons ban for fueling brutal drug violence south of the border . Now , the issues many Mexicans felt Washington had neglected are in the spotlight . On Wednesday , Obama is scheduled to announce his administration 's proposals to crack down on gun violence . And with indignation over guns growing in the United States , reforms that Mexico has long awaited may come through , Medina said . Mexico will keep pushing for better U.S. gun regulation , he said , noting that an assault weapons ban is one constitutional option . The end of the ban in 2004 impacted Mexico , he said . "  There is certainly a statistical correlation between the end of this measure and the increase in the firepower of foreign criminal groups , particular those that operate out of our country , " he said . On Monday , prominent Mexican peace activists renewed their call for the United States to stop weapons trafficking across the border , saying that the Connecticut shooting made the need for action all the more clear . "  We wish to convey our deepest condolences over the repeated slaughter of innocents in your country . As parents and grandparents , the killing of innocent children in Newtown  Connecticut  has moved us deeply , " Mexico 's Movement for Peace with Justice and Dignity said in a petition delivered to the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City . "  Consequently , " the petition continued , "  we are disconcerted and offended by the indifference of the United States toward the massacres that daily plunge Mexico into mourning . " Most of the weapons used in drug-related violence in Mexico can be traced back to the United States , the group said , citing U.S. government statistics . Nearly 70 % of the 99,000 weapons seized in Mexico from 2007 to 2011 came from the United States , the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said last year . That issue surged to the fore in Washington last year , amid a U.S. congressional inquiry into "  Operation Fast and Furious , " an operation run by U.S. federal agents . Authorities have said the operation was intended to track the flow of illegally purchased American guns to the Mexican cartels , but in practice , ATF agents allowed so-called straw buyers to take weapons across the border without being intercepted . In Mexico 's capital , authorities have started an exchange program to try to stem gun violence . In one Mexico City neighborhood last month , residents handed in hundreds of guns in exchange for money vouchers . Handguns , high-caliber weapons and even a hand grenade were among the weapons authorities collected . As part of the program , children also swapped toy guns for bicycles , electronic devices and toys . Last year , Mexico 's government used decommissioned weapons to build a massive sign near the U.S. border that said , "  NO MORE WEAPONS . " Americans on the other side of the border were the intended audience for the English-language sign , then-President Felipe Calderon said at the time , saying an increase in violence in Mexico was directly connected with the 2004 expiration of the U.S. assault weapons ban . "  The criminals have become more and more vicious in their eagerness to spark fear and anxiety in society , " he said . "  One of the main factors that allow criminals to strengthen themselves is the unlimited access to high-powered weapons , which are sold freely , and also indiscriminately , in the United States of America . "	Mexico blames brutal drug violence on guns trafficked from the United States Ambassador : The Second Amendment was not intended to arm foreign criminals He says indignation after the Connecticut school shooting may open "  a window of opportunity " Mexican peace activists say the United States has been indifferent to massacres there
Mental Floss  -- Investigators are trying to figure out whether the financial fraud allegedly perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff was , in fact , the largest Ponzi scheme in history . The alleged scam , which cost investors $ 50 billion , sounds like a classic Ponzi racket . The New York home of Bernard Madoff , who 's accused in a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme . But what is a Ponzi scheme ? And why does it bear this name ? First , you need to know a little bit about its namesake , Charles Ponzi . Anyone can work a simple swindle , but you have to be a special kind of con man to have your name become synonymous with "  fraud . " Ponzi pulled it off , though . After arriving in the U.S. from Italy in 1903 , Ponzi knocked around in a variety of unskilled jobs that usually ended when he got into trouble for theft or cheating customers . A few years later , he moved to Canada , where he spent a hitch in prison for passing a forged check . When he eventually drifted back down to the U.S. , he needed a way to make some quick cash . Watch how a Ponzi scheme works " Making money via mail Ponzi eventually found his way to get rich quick using a vagary of the postal system . At the time , it was common for letters abroad to include an international reply coupon -- a voucher that could be exchanged for minimum postage back to the country from which the letter was sent . Thus , if you sent your buddy in France a letter , you could include a coupon so he could respond .  This practice still exists but is less common .  As exchange and postal rates fluctuated , though , there was an opportunity to make a profit . You only had to purchase postal reply coupons cheaply in some foreign country , send them back to the U.S. to swap them out for American stamps of a higher value , then sell these stamps . This arrangement was perfectly legal ; it was just cleverly gaming the system . Ponzi started buying and selling postal reply coupons using agents in his native Italy , and he was making a good living doing it . Unfortunately , whatever defect made Ponzi steal from his employers and pass bad checks prompted him to get greedy here , too . He started to recruit investors into his system with the promise of 50 percent returns in just a few days . Investors would pay their cash in , and sure enough , Ponzi would get them the promised return . Everyone was happy with the results , and word started to spread about this Italian financial wizard . Within two years , he had employees all over the country recruiting new takers for this foolproof investment strategy . Ponzi was pocketing millions , and he enjoyed a sumptuous life outside of Boston . At his peak , Ponzi was raking in $ 250,000 a day , which enabled him to collect such necessities as gold-handled canes . He became a celebrity investor , almost like the Warren Buffett of his day . The scheme Why is it hard to think of Ponzi 's name without affixing "  scheme " to the end of it , then ? Ponzi 's underlying "  business " -- the arbitrage on the postal coupons -- was n't actually as sound as he claimed . In fact , there was n't even really a business . However , since so much money was flowing in from new investors , he could just pay off the returns for the old ones from the new cash . In fact , Ponzi did n't even need to pay off the old investors , since many of them wanted to reinvest their returns in this wonderful business . Ponzi 's charms made it easy for him to placate any worried customers , and his con looked unstoppable . Mental Floss : 4 very big paychecks for very little work Fuzzy math Eventually , though , smarter financial heads started looking at Ponzi 's business . Clarence Barron , owner of the Wall Street Journal and founder of the financial magazine that bears his name , realized Ponzi must have been a huckster and went on the offensive . While Barron conceded that there probably was a way for a person to make a small amount of quick cash on the postal reply coupon scheme , he figured that Ponzi would have to be moving 160 million coupons around to raise the cash he needed to support the business . Since there were only 27,000 postal reply coupons circulating in the world , Ponzi 's story did n't check out .  Things only got worse when the Postal Service reported that there was n't a huge flow of the coupons from one country to the other . On top of that , Barron noted that Ponzi told newspapers he invested his own cash in real estate , stocks , and bonds like any normal investor . Barron pointed out the obvious question here : if Ponzi had this failsafe scheme in which he could make a 50 percent profit , why was he putting his own money into plain old investment instruments that would give him  maybe  a 5 percent return ? Those certainly did n't sound like the actions of a financial genius . Barron 's conclusions ran as front-page news in the Boston Post in July 1920 , which would have been damning for most cons . Ponzi was such a charismatic force of nature , though , that many people chose not to believe the paper 's report . Few believed that their hero , the man who had "  tripled " their life savings , was anything less than 100 percent legitimate . In fact , the morning that the Post ran Barron 's report , investors lined up around the block outside of his office in an attempt to give him more money -- even after they 'd been told that they 'd been scammed . Ponzi later boasted that he 'd taken in a million dollars in new investments the day the report ran . Mental Floss : 5 of history 's worst perpetrators of corruption The unraveling Things were starting to look less rosy for the scammer , though . Although he 'd largely placated his investors after Barron 's report , Ponzi must have realized his window of opportunity was closing . He hired a publicist , William McMasters , but the PR man saw through Ponzi 's lies and renounced his client in the press . James Walsh reprints part of McMasters ' slam of Ponzi in his book , "  You Ca n't Cheat An Honest Man . " Of Ponzi , McMasters said , "  The man is a financial idiot . He can hardly add ... He sits with his feet on the desk smoking expensive cigars in a diamond holder and talking complete gibberish about postal coupons . " The next month , regulators raided Ponzi 's office and discovered that he did n't have a huge quantity of postal reply coupons . Since Ponzi had used the mail to notify his marks of how their "  investments " were performing , he faced serious mail fraud charges ; in total , the government brought 86 charges against him in two separate indictments . Ponzi pled guilty to one of these charges in exchange for a light sentence of five years . He served around three and a half years , then got his release to face state charges , for which he received a sentence of nine more years . But before he could go back to jail , he jumped bail and tried to start new scams in Florida and Texas .  You 'd think the government would have learned their lesson about trusting this guy .  Eventually , though , his time on the lam ran out , and he served his whole sentence . Upon his release , Ponzi was deported to Italy and spent the rest of his life in poverty before dying in 1949 in Rio de Janeiro , where he 's buried in a pauper 's grave . Mental Floss : 10 things your body can do after you die For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Charles Ponzi was a real person who swindled investors in a postal scam Ponzi pocketed millions and enjoyed life but a publisher was suspicious Wall Street Journal 's Clarence Barron printed front page story slamming Ponzi Ponzi served time , was deported and died in 1949 -- buried in a pauper 's grave
CNN  -- Singer Beyonce , the United Nations and dozens of global aid groups have one message for the world Sunday : Perform a good deed , no matter how big or small , to help another person . Sunday marks World Humanitarian Day , which honors those who face danger in helping others and also encourages people to volunteer or help someone in need . Beyonce and aid organizations are trying to reach 1 billion people through social media for this year 's campaign , called "  I Was Here . " " ' I Was Here ' says I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time , and that is leaving our mark on the world , " Beyonce told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We all want to know that our life meant something , and that we did something for someone else , and that we spread positivity no matter how big or how small . " The singer recorded a music video for the song "  I Was Here , " which was performed at the U.N. 's General Assembly Hall . The video premieres Sunday on big screens in Dubai , Geneva , New York 's Times Square and other locations . "  This year 's World Humanitarian Day presents a historic opportunity to bring together 1 billion people from around the world to advance a powerful and proactive idea : people helping people , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement . "  From international efforts to avert a hunger crisis in West Africa , to urgent assistance to civilians in Syria , to a single good deed from one neighbor to the next , the spirit of people helping people improves conditions for all , " Ban said . The United Nations lists a variety of ideas for participating in World Humanitarian Day , such as making a sandwich for a homeless person , donating one 's skills to a community project and giving away an item you no longer use . Four years ago , the U.N. General Assembly proclaimed August 19 as World Humanitarian Day to commemorate the 2003 Canal Hotel bombing in Baghdad that killed 22 U.N. staff members , the global body said . But the dangers of international aid work continue today . "  Every day in Somalia , nongovernmental organizations and the U.N. humanitarian agencies work with the Somali people to overcome the effects of drought , hunger and conflict on innocent people , " Mark Bowden , U.N. resident and humanitarian coordinator in Somalia , said in a statement . "  The dangers are very real . Since the last World Humanitarian Day , 19 aid workers were killed and eight others kidnapped in Somalia , four of whom remain in captivity , " Bowden said . The World Food Programme has also suffered casualties while carrying out its work . In the past year , 12 WFP staff , contractors and partner staff have been killed while working to fight hunger in Haiti , the Ivory Coast , Somalia , Sudan and South Sudan , the group 's executive director , Ertharin Cousin , said in a statement . The U.N. chief said the best way to honor fallen aid workers is to carry on their mission by helping those who are suffering . "  Individual actions may seem small , but collectively they will reverberate around the world , generating unstoppable momentum for a better future , " Ban said .	World Humanitarian Day encourages benevolence and honors fallen aid workers Ideas include providing a meal for a homeless person or volunteering Beyonce premieres a music video for the song "  I Was Here " The theme is about "  leaving our mark on the world , " the singer says
CNN  -- "  Glee " star Cory Monteith died as a result of "  a mixed drug toxicity , involving heroin and alcohol , " the British Columbia Coroners Service said Tuesday . "  At this point there is no evidence to suggest Mr. Monteith 's death was anything other than a most-tragic accident , " the coroners service said in a statement , adding that no further details were available pending a full investigation . Monteith , 31 , was found dead Saturday in his room by staff members at Vancouver 's Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel after he missed his checkout time . The actor spent time in rehab this year , checking into a drug addiction treatment facility in late March . Addiction : The disease that lies Monteith had been frank about his struggles with substance abuse , telling Parade magazine in 2011 that he began using drugs at 13 and by 19 went into rehab after his mother and friends intervened . Monteith had been on Fox 's hit musical comedy show since it began in 2009 , playing the dim quarterback of the football team who is forced to join the glee club . After graduation , he comes back to town and helps direct a musical at the school . How will ` Glee ' handle the death of Cory Monteith ? Adam Shankman , who directed an episode for each of the past three seasons , told CNN 's Poppy Harlow that he had talked to Monteith on Saturday morning . The actor said he wanted to come down to California to Jet Ski . Shankman described Monteith as the glue of "  Glee . " He was always welcoming , whether it was to a guest director or a new cast member , Shankman said . The actor knew all of his lines when filming began each time and would congratulate his fellow cast members when he thought they did well . "  He showed up every day , and he was a delight , " Shankman said . Offscreen , Monteith was dating co-star and on-screen love interest Lea Michele . Lea Michele on ` devastating ' news of Monteith 's death He was madly in love with her , Shankman said . "  He felt like it had renewed his spirit . " Representatives for Michele issued a brief statement Monday saying the actress is "  deeply grateful for all the love and support she has received from family , friends , and fans . " "  Since Cory 's passing , Lea has been grieving alongside his family and making appropriate arrangements with them , " the statement said . "  They are supporting each other as they endure this profound loss together . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Steve Almasy and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Lea Michele is grieving alongside Monteith 's family , her reps say Death was nothing more "  than a most-tragic accident , " coroner says Monteith was found dead Saturday in a Vancouver hotel room The actor , 31 , had been on the hit Fox series since it premiered in 2009
CNN  -- Left-leaning Ollanta Humala won the Peruvian presidential runoff Monday , ending a hard-fought campaign during which he promised to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor . Though vote-counting continued , his opponent , Keiko Fujimori , conceded defeat , according to state news . Humala had previously claimed victory at a nighttime rally in downtown Lima on Sunday . "  The nation will only advance if the Peruvian family advances , " he said to throngs of cheering supporters in the city 's Dos de Mayo square . He vowed to create a unity government and said he would focus on helping the country 's most vulnerable . Humala also addressed the need to improve the nation 's infrastructure , water , sanitation and education , particularly in rural areas . Those were promises he had made repeatedly throughout the campaign that set Humala , an ex-army officer , against Fujimori , a right-wing lawmaker and the daughter of a former president who is currently in prison on a 25-year sentence for human rights abuses . With more than 90 % of ballots counted Monday , Humala had 51.5 % of the vote , versus Fujimori 's 48.5 % , according to the county 's official electoral body . His all-but-certain victory earlier in the day sent shocks through Peru 's stock market . It closed early Monday after its general index fell more than 12.5 % -- its biggest one-day drop ever . Mining stocks , in particular , suffered . "  This activity in the market is directly linked to the electoral process . Trust  in the new government  seems to be the issue , " said Daniel Romero , a financial analyst at Sociedad Agente de Bolsa in Lima . "  The selling is being led mostly by foreign investors , " he added . "  They 're the most sensitive because they do n't know what has been going on politically here in Peru . " Romero urged Humala to move quickly in naming a new finance minister after he takes office on July 28 For months , the candidacy of Humala , a past ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , has made some investors uneasy . They fear he could introduce higher taxes and redirect policies that have helped to push economic growth . In a recent interview with CNN en Espanol , Humala denied his goal was a Chavez-style social revolution in Peru . "  When we speak about revolution , we 're speaking about a revolution in education , which is something fundamental , " Humala said . "  We have to build our own future . We believe that the Venezuelan model does n't apply in Peru . " Pollsters in Peru had said Sunday that Humala looked likely to win the presidency , and election officials said the partial results were somewhat skewed in favor of Lima and other urban areas . Rural regions , where Humala was expected to perform best , were slower to report . The runoff election was a face-off between two candidates with little in common . Humala , 48 , narrowly lost a 2006 election bid , in part because many saw him as a close ally of Venezuela 's Chavez , intent on turning the country to the left . That 's a point his rival , 36-year-old Fujimori , hammered on throughout her campaign . At a closing rally last week in Paseo Colon , a historic avenue in the capital Lima , Fujimori went on the offensive as she addressed a crowd of thousands . "  There are recordings and witnesses that prove that this gentleman is a good soldier of Chavez , " she said to cheering crowds . "  I am not going to allow other countries to interfere in the sovereignty of our country . I 'm going to defend it ! " Humala , a former army officer linked to a 2000 military uprising , has tried to distance himself from such perceptions , swapping his trademark red T-shirts for suits . Like her opponent , Fujimori was forced to answer uncomfortable questions about her past during this year 's election . She is the daughter of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori , who is currently in prison on a 25-year sentence for human rights crimes . Many Peruvians credit the elder Fujimori with defeating insurgencies that ravaged the South American nation for years and for enacting economic reforms that stabilized the Peruvian economy . However , he is also criticized for corruption , having an authoritarian streak and the widespread rights abuses that were committed under his watch . During the campaign , protesters accused his daughter of planning to grant the former president amnesty if she won , as she said she might do in a 2008 interview . She later backed away from those remarks . Centrist candidates , including former President Alejandro Toledo , former Lima Mayor Luis Castaneda and former Finance Minister Pedro Pablo Kuczynski , cannibalized each others ' votes during the first round of voting in April . In that round , Humala garnered more than 30 % of the vote , while Fujimori ended slightly above 23 % . Under Peruvian law , only the top two contenders advance to a second round . After the elimination of the more centrist candidates in April , Peru 's 2010 Nobel literary laureate Mario Vargas Llosa , a former presidential candidate himself , described the race as a choice between "  terminal cancer and AIDS . " Andrea Stiglich , a member of the Economist Intelligence Unit team of Latin American analysts , said the election was a triumph of extremes . "  This election was meant to be the election of a centrist policy continuity candidate , and what we have is a first round that has yielded a result between two extremes in the left and the right , " she said before the second-round vote . Current Peruvian President Alan Garcia was not permitted to run for a consecutive term . "  I will get behind whoever wins , " he said on Sunday before voting closed . "  The task  of running the country  is not easy and they  will  need everyone 's support . " The new president will face many of the same challenges Garcia did : Persistent poverty , protests around the rights to natural resources and violence from remnants of a leftist insurgency that helped to make Peru the world 's largest producer of coca , the raw ingredient of cocaine . On the eve of the election , five soldiers were killed in an attack in the country 's southern province of Cusco , state news said . They were reportedly on their way to provide local police with additional security for the election when they were ambushed . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Ollanta Humala 's opponent , Keiko Fujimori , concedes , state news reports NEW : With more than 90 % of the ballots counted , Humala has 51.5 % of the vote NEW : The Peruvian stock market dropped on news of Humala 's likely victory NEW : Humala has promised to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor
CNN  -- Lake Providence , Louisiana , is the parish seat of the "  most unequal place in America , " meaning it has a higher rate of income inequality than any other parish or county . And until somewhat recently , the poor side of town was missing a key Google Maps feature . I visited the place last year for a CNN Change the List story , and it was immediately obvious the barrier between rich and poor is both economic and geographic . There 's an oxbow lake -- Lake Providence -- that divides a largely rich white neighborhood from a primarily poorer black one . I was surprised to find there 's not all that much interaction between each side of the lake , which I found reflective of a national "  empathy gap . " After the story published , a reader flagged for me the fact that , at the time , you could n't search the poor side of Lake Providence using Google Street View . The poor side of town was invisible in that way . I noticed last week that that 's now changed , praise be to Google ! I 'm not sure why , since the company 's press office has n't answered my questions about it . But I 'm pleased , no matter what the reason . I think one issue with poverty in America is that it 's too often unseen , regardless of what columnist Paul Krugman thinks . That Google left the poor side of Lake Providence without Street View probably was n't intentional , but it was highly symbolic . I 'm glad that neighborhood is now included -- not so people can gawk at it but so it 's on even technological footing with the richer side . And so it exists . Here 's how Google explained the omission in November : "  We try to cover as many streets as possible but occasionally we miss the odd one or two -- for example there may have been road work that day , a street may have been inaccessible or simply because of human error our drivers may have missed a street , " a spokeswoman said in an email to me . "  It 's also possible that we did drive a certain street , but discovered that when processing the imagery , the photographs collected did not meet our high quality imagery standards due to unforeseeable challenges like shadows , poor visibility conditions , etc. . Hopefully we can come back and photograph it at a future date . " "  It was n't for any reason about the demographics or anything like that -- or it being a poor area , " spokeswoman Susan Cadrecha added at the time . "  That does not factor into our decisions in any way to map areas . We 're constantly updating this imagery and we 're constantly trying to make it as accurate as possible . ... We want the whole world to be mapped , that 's our eventual goal . We want people to be able to explore different areas . " In other Lake Providence news , volunteers this year finished painting a hopeful mural near the center of town . It shows an image of Dede Willis , a college student who was featured at the start of the video I produced with CNN 's Edythe McNamee . Pretty amazing . I hope to learn more about progress in Lake Providence in coming months . And the Census Bureau tells me it is scheduled to release new data on income inequality by county in December , which may offer new insight .	East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , has the highest income inequality in the nation The parish seat , Lake Providence , has a lake that divides rich from poor CNN 's John Sutter says Google Street View previously did not show the poor side He writes that that 's since changed ; he applauds Google , whatever the reason
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- A suspected terrorist linked to several Indonesian bombings in the past decade was killed in a protracted firefight Saturday in the Central Java town of Temanggung , two law enforcement sources told CNN . A poster in Malang , East Java , Indonesia , has under "  dicari , " or "  wanted , " Noordin Top . Another raid by police Saturday averted a planned assassination attempt on Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , authorities said . Noordin M. Top was killed during a raid by the anti-terrorism unit Detachment 88 that began Friday and lasted 18 hours into Saturday , said a police source and a security analyst with close ties to the police . Official confirmation of Top 's identity will come next week after DNA results , said Indonesia 's National Police Chief , Bambang Hendarso . Indonesia 's anti-terrorism forces had been hunting Top for the past six years . He is also the main suspect in last month 's twin hotel bombings in Jakarta . A statement attributed to Top , 40 , a Malaysian-born explosives expert , claimed responsibility for the attacks that targeted Jakarta 's JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels . The coordinated bombings killed seven people and the two suspected bombers , and wounded more than 50 . Watch more about the raid " It was the first major terrorist attack in Indonesia in more than three years . Top is reportedly an officer , recruiter , bomb-maker and trainer for a splinter group of the militant organization Jemaah Islamiyah , which has ties to al Qaeda . He allegedly was involved in a previous attack on the Marriott in Jakarta in August 2003 , as well as attacks on a Bali nightclub in 2002 and the Australian embassy in Jakarta in 2004 , according to the FBI . In February 2006 , the FBI added Top to its list of 10 suspected terrorists who have not been charged in the United States , and are wanted only for questioning . The ramifications of Top 's death were not immediately clear . "  This is a huge advance in Indonesia 's fight against terror , " said Sidney Jones , a senior Asia adviser for the International Crisis Group , a global nonpartisan advisory organization . "  But this is not the end of it because we still do n't know the extent of the network and the funding source of Noordin 's network . " Three to four people were believed to be holed up in the house in Temanggung , police said . Security forces had launched a raid on the house after two people believed to be nephews of its owner were arrested earlier in the day , according to the official Antara News Agency . "  Police officers entered the house and fired profusely inside the house while other policemen surrounded the house and opened its windows by force , " Antara said . After the gunfire ended , local television showed police with their helmets off , shaking hands and carrying caskets into the house , suggesting that those inside the house had been killed or captured . Also on Saturday , in a house on the outskirts of Jakarta , Indonesian police killed two militants believed to be connected with a 2004 bombing and found a cache of explosives in an early morning raid , the national police chief said . Hendarso said that police found about 100 kg  220 lbs  of explosives along with bomb-making materials and a truck , which they did not immediately open for fear it might have been rigged to explode . Those bomb-making materials were going to be used in an attack on the president , Hendarso said . The two militants killed are believed to be connected with the 2004 bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta in which 16 people were killed and more than 200 were wounded , Hendarso said . Also , a man identified as Suryana , who uses the aliases Yayan and Gepeng , was arrested in north Jakarta on suspicion of terrorism charges , said Nanan Soekarna , police inspector general . Soekarna could not say whether Suryana was connected with last month 's hotel bombings or other incidents . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	NEW : Another raid averted planned assassination attempt on Indonesian president Top was killed during the 18-hour raid , law enforcement sources say Top is the main suspect in the twin hotel bombings in Jakarta last month Also killed : Two militants allegedly linked to the 2004 Australian Embassy bombing
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Chicken nuggets . Sandwiches . Pizza . Baseball games . Play-Doh . These are some of the basics of childhood that could prove deadly to my 4-year-old son , Teddy . Teddy took his first sip of milk in 2005 , triggering a strong allergic reaction as seen in this family photo . Teddy has food allergies that can cause anaphylaxis , a deadly condition that can cut off his breathing . He has to steer clear of milk , eggs , wheat , peanuts and tree nuts -- even places like baseball stadiums where peanut exposure ca n't be avoided . We found out about Teddy 's allergies partially through trial and error and then through allergy testing when he was 18 months old , and we did n't want any more missteps . Now our job is to try to prevent contact with those foods until he either outgrows them or he becomes old enough to police himself . Watch what we go through to protect Teddy " Our vigilance starts before food even enters the house . When we are in the grocery store , we have to read every label to see if the food contains something harmful . See tips about living with food allergies " We 'll get all the way through one of these and be thinking , "  hurray ! " and then see "  caramel coloring " and have to put it back . There 's still enough wiggle room in food labeling , apparently , to not have to list what 's in that -- often milk -- or what 's in "  natural flavoring . " Devil in the details And just because a food item was OK last week does n't mean the recipe has n't changed . And just because the package looks right does n't mean you 've picked up the right package . I was in a hurry when I picked up rice cheese in December , so I did n't carefully read the label . Teddy saw the cheese when I was unloading the groceries and asked for a slice -- and then another . Although the cheese looked like our regular vegan cheese without milk , it was an almost identical package that contained milk protein . Teddy ended up in a hospital emergency room with hives all over his arms , legs , tummy and back . His nose was running and he was drooly . He got a shot of epinephrine before he could develop breathing problems . It 's a harsh reminder that we can never let down our guard . Once we get food into the house , we try to label it . We have stickers , or we use markers to warn away from giving a particular product to Teddy . Labels are n't enough for baby sitters . We set out a bin of "  Teddy safe " snacks . School : Lots of cupcakes , no Play-Doh School is tough , too . The macaroni necklaces my 8-year-old daughter Catie once made for me in pre-K were charming . Who would think that something so simple could make another kid very sick ? There 's no Play-Doh . It can have wheat in it . Same for papier-mache . Teddy 's pre-K teachers are great -- they contact us for alternative suggestions when their lesson plans include food products . But it can be exhausting . Every month , it seems , there is another "  holiday " at school . And all seem to be connected to food celebrations . Every time other parents send food in , we have to worry about whether Teddy will be safe . I try to always be the "  cupcake mom , " because I can make cupcakes without milk , eggs or wheat that still taste good .  Even the teachers fight to get them .  When someone else brings cakes , I try to find out in advance so I can make a Teddy-safe alternative . If there is no warning , the school has a bin of Teddy-safe snacks . Challenges in the kitchen I try to cook mostly Teddy-safe food at home . The first reaction many people have to hearing of Teddy 's allergies is a dumbfounded , "  What does he eat ? " There are actually many foods that are OK for him : meats , vegetables , fruits and most grains . We just do n't often get the chance to use convenience foods . I have alternatives for meatloaf and tacos that work OK . But sometimes I just want to make pasta for the family . I know that I could just make rice pasta for everyone . But , frankly , it 's about three times the price and does n't taste as good . So I have to be careful . I ca n't use the same spoon to stir both . And even when I 'm draining the pasta , I have to remember that if I do n't drain the rice pasta first , I have to use two colanders . So I try to keep that straight . This is why it 's nearly impossible for us to get Teddy food at a restaurant . It 's very easy for a contaminated utensil to be used in the kitchen without us knowing . And that would be after getting the restaurant staff to show us labels from all food items . This month , we will be meeting with some staff members at Teddy 's new elementary school , where he 'll be entering kindergarten in August . When we start a new school or new situation , it 's always an anxious time . We 're going to talk with the school nurse and cafeteria manager about strategies to keep Teddy safe . Teddy will need a classroom as free from danger as possible , and that can be an issue . As soon as we talk about not having peanut products in his classroom , some people think we do n't want their kids to have peanut butter sandwiches for lunch . No , we just want peanut products eaten only in the cafeteria . In the lunchroom , Teddy can be watched so that if peanut butter touches him or milk is spilled on him , he will be decontaminated as quickly as possible . If milk touches Teddy , he gets hives -- he does n't even have to ingest it . This is a lot different from "  lactose intolerance , " which some people confuse with a milk allergy . Lactose intolerance produces gastric distress for someone . A milk allergy can be life-threatening . We 'll probably post signs the way we 've done at his day cares and preschool , showing him in reaction to an allergen and listing what action to take . Fears of budget cuts We 're hoping that the school nurse does n't fall victim to budget cuts , because that is our emotional safety net right now . We 're comforted by the thought of someone with anaphylaxis experience being close to Teddy . It 's all part of the constant vigilance , doing our best to keep him safe . If we 'd been handed a list of Teddy 's allergies when he was freshly born at the hospital , I think we 'd have been overwhelmed . But we found out a bit at a time , and we 've been dealing with it now for more than three years . Despite some bumps , Teddy 's been able to survive our stumbles and thrive .	Teddy , age 4 , has food allergies that , left untreated , can cut off his breathing 1 to 2 percent of children suffer from food allergies , according to experts Eating chicken , pizza , peanuts -- even going to baseball games -- can be deadly Teddy 's mom describes how this affects his lifestyle , at school and home
CNN  -- Over the past decade , an increasing percentage of Americans lost health insurance coverage because they could n't afford it . As a family physician , I have seen the devastating effects of losing health insurance . Without it , patients die unnecessarily . Since passage of the Affordable Care Act , it is heartwarming to see patients gain insurance , get healthier and catch up on health care services they were unable to obtain before . But it is heartbreaking to see the Herculean efforts to eliminate subsidies that made it possible for these working Americans to finally afford health insurance . Recently , there have been two opposing court of appeals rulings on a crucial aspect of the ACA . The first , if it eventually prevails , would not allow about 4.5 million people who gained subsidized insurance in the federal exchanges to get financial assistance . Thankfully , a different court of appeals found just the opposite . FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you There will be no shortage of court challenges trying to chip away at the Affordable Care Act , but gutting the ACA would just strip patients of their means to obtain cancer treatment and other life-saving health care . Two years ago , I diagnosed a 52-year-old uninsured man with Stage IV colon cancer , which took his life . Months earlier , he had noticed blood in his stool and had been scheduled for a colonoscopy . Without health insurance to pay for this costly test , he postponed it while waiting for financial assistance to help him buy health insurance coverage . It is likely that a health insurance subsidy would have saved his life . Appeals courts differ on Obamacare ; Supreme Court case likely Another patient , diagnosed with Stage I breast cancer on a routine mammogram , said to me : "  Doc , I do n't care whether I have to eat beans and rice every day for the rest of my life , I am saving every cent to hold onto my health insurance because it will save my life ! " She is now cancer-free and living a full and meaningful life . Health insurance saves lives . When Massachusetts expanded health insurance coverage through policies similar to Obamacare , the state death rate fell by nearly 3 % in the four years after the law went into effect . The decline was steepest in counties with the highest proportions of poor and previously uninsured people . Study : Obamacare gave 10 million Americans health insurance In other states with populations similar to Massachusetts , the death rate was largely unchanged . For every 830 people who gained health insurance in Massachusetts , one life was saved . Nationally , this 3 % decline in mortality among adults under age 65 translates to about 17,000 fewer people dying each year . Health insurance matters for health and well-being . Americans with health insurance are far more likely to receive primary and preventive care as well as timely and appropriate care for chronic conditions . Without health insurance , Americans have significantly more unmet health care needs and higher rates of delayed care . When faced with illness , the uninsured are forced to make an impossible choice : incur unaffordable health care costs or gamble on their health , forgoing needed care . The Affordable Care Act enables millions of uninsured Americans to gain coverage and finally shed the fears of what might happen to themselves and their families if faced with this impossible choice . Watchdog : Fake applicants got Obamacare subsidies Let 's keep moving forward with covering the uninsured in this country , there 's no time to waste . The millions of dollars being spent in courts across the country to challenge the ACA and to eliminate insurance subsidies for working Americans might be better spent to create subsidies ensuring access to health insurance coverage that saves lives . I have been involved in efforts as a physician-scientist working to discover new cures for the American epidemic of "  uninsurance " and finding new treatments for our nation 's "  inequitable access to care " disease . Recently , I heard several top scientists debating whether we should keep asking the question : "  Does health insurance matter ? " Consider the following two questions . Are you willing to drop your health insurance policy immediately and go without health insurance indefinitely ? Are you willing to enroll in a study where you are randomized to receive health insurance or go without health insurance for a long period ? If your answer to either or both of these questions is "  no , " then we should stop asking whether insurance matters and move forward toward insuring every American . There 's no time to waste in court battles . Americans are dying unnecessarily . And , the U.S. health care system has plenty more problems in need of immediate and urgent attention , including the primary care workforce shortage , the unsustainable costs of care and the disparities in health care access . Let 's get people insured .	Before Obamacare , Jennifer DeVoe saw people lose insurance and suffer Today , she sees patients gain insurance , get healthier , and get care they could n't afford before She laments "  Herculean efforts " to end subsidies for working Americans to finally get insured DeVoe says court battles are a waste of time : Americans are dying unnecessarily
CNN  -- A search of an apartment leased by former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez recovered ammunition from the same caliber gun used to kill his friend Odin Lloyd , court documents reveal . Massachusetts State Police searched the apartment in Franklin on June 26 . Authorities found new evidence , including .45 - caliber ammunition and a white hooded sweatshirt , search warrants obtained by CNN reveal . The bullet that killed Lloyd was from a .45 - caliber gun , and the white sweatshirt matches one Hernandez was seen wearing on surveillance video on June 17 , the night Lloyd died . Who is Odin Lloyd ? Hernandez has been charged with premeditated murder . He has pleaded not guilty . Several other items were also found in the apartment , including a baseball cap similar to one Hernandez was reportedly seen wearing outside of a club the Friday before Lloyd was slain . A valet ticket from the nearby W Boston hotel and several shirts with the number 81 , Hernandez 's jersey number , were also found . Police found out about the apartment from the suspect 's acquaintance , Carlos Ortiz . He said , "  Hernandez has a second place that not many people know about , " search warrants show . He also told police that he and Hernandez stopped at the apartment the night after Lloyd 's death , according to warrants . Police then obtained a copy of the apartment lease , which was signed by Hernandez on May 1 , search warrants show . The search warrants obtained by CNN are for Hernandez 's apartment . The warrants for his home have not been released . Authorities have said Hernandez and two other men picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17 . Surveillance cameras captured the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough home . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day , authorities have said . As Hernandez begins his second week at the Dartmouth House of Corrections , Bristol County Sheriff Tom Hodgson said Hernandez is adjusting to a lifestyle change that has taken him from deluxe accommodations and the adulation of fans to the solitude of a 7-by-10-foot jail cell . Hernandez was "  reclassified " this week , Hodgson said , meaning the pro football player was granted additional benefits , including three hours per day outside of his cell for making phone calls , walking around in a prison common area and an hour outdoors . Patriots offer trade-in for Hernandez jerseys The former tight end will also be able to have an account at the prison 's commissary , where Hodgson says he can order soup , cookies and toiletries . Hernandez can also see visitors one day per week for a total of one hour . No one has visited him yet , Hodgson said . Hernandez , however , will still have no access to television , Internet or even a weight room . He will also be unable to marry his fiancee while in jail . "  That 's for the other side of the wall , " Hodgson said . His next court appearance is scheduled for July 24 . CNN 's Lawrence Crook and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report	Police search an apartment leased by Aaron Hernandez Acquaintance Carlos Ortiz told police about the place , search warrant says Ammunition and a white sweatshirt are among the items taken from the apartment Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to premeditated murder in Lloyd 's June 17 killing
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher made an impressive return to Formula One in the first day of official testing for 2010 in Spain on Monday -- but was upstaged by another driver making his comeback , Ferrari 's Felipe Massa . Schumacher , who has ended a three-year retirement to drive for Ross Brawn 's new Mercedes team , was third quickest behind Massa and BMW Sauber 's new signing Pedro De La Rosa . The 41-year-old German took over from Nico Rosberg with about an hour and a half of the Valencia session remaining , and ended up posting a time more than a second faster than his younger teammate . "  It was a perfect rollout for the new car today . I felt totally comfortable and really had a feeling that everything was very natural , " Schumacher told his official Web site . "  It felt just like at the very beginning of my career in 1991 when on the first lap , I thought wow that was really fast , and then on the second lap , I was extremely excited . I feel just like a young boy again and really enjoyed myself . "  We did a good job today , making a few control checks , and the most important thing was that the car ran reliably . With Nico and I covering 79 laps today , it was a superb job by the team . " Rosberg , who drove for Williams last year before Mercedes took over world champions Brawn and signed the German , completed 39 laps and Schumacher was on the track for 40 , according to Web site autosport.com . "  For me , to have him here is a great thing , fantastic , " Rosberg told reporters about his alliance with Schumacher . "  It has given me a little bit of extra motivation . "  My relationship with him is very good . I get on well with him . We respect each other and I think we will be great teammates . There will be a few things I 'll be able to pick up from him as he is one of the best that has ever driven . " Massa was back behind the wheel of a Formula One car in a public session for the first time since his accident in Hungary in July , which left him needing life-saving skull surgery . The Brazilian clocked an unofficial fastest time of one minute and 12.574 seconds as he completed 102 laps , autosport.com reported , with veteran Spaniard De La Rosa posting 1:12.784 . Schumacher 's 1:12.947 put him well ahead of Rosberg , who was fourth best on 1:13.543 . McLaren test driver Gary Paffett was fifth fastest , but his team 's official race entries for this year -- world champion Jenson Button and his predecessor Lewis Hamilton -- sat out the session . Hamilton will drive on Tuesday , and Button is scheduled to take the wheel on Wednesday . The other drivers to take part were Button 's former Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello in a Williams , Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi and Renault 's new signing Robert Kubica .	Michael Schumacher makes impressive return to F1 in first day of official testing for 2010 Seven-time world champion is third fastest in Spain , racing 40 laps for Mercedes Ferrari 's Felipe Massa , making his comeback after six months out , is quickest in Valencia World champion Jenson Button and McLaren teammate Lewis Hamilton sit out session
CNN  -- New Olympic champion Andy Murray remained upbeat about his U.S. Open hopes despite suffering a surprise loss in the third round of the Cincinnati Masters on Thursday , going down 6-4 6-4 to 38th-ranked Frenchman Jeremy Chardy . London 2012 silver medal winner Roger Federer , however , easily beat young Australian Bernard Tomic 6-3 6-3 to advance to the quarterfinals , where he will play American Mardy Fish in a rematch of the 2010 title match . Murray , the defending champion , was playing only his third match since winning gold , having rushed to Toronto where he won his opener but pulled out before the next due to a knee worry . Cincinnati is the last major tournament before the final grand slam of the year , which begins in New York on August 27 . "  Going into the big tournaments , sometimes I 've won tournaments in the buildup and it has n't helped me , " Murray told reporters . "  I had break points in the first set . If I had maybe gone up there , maybe I would have started to play better . But when I went behind , he started serving better and he was going for his shots . "  This year at Wimbledon I lost in the first round at Queen 's and made the final there for the first time . I have won Queen 's before and not done well at Wimbledon . " Rivals fear for injured Nadal 's future Chardy , ranked 38 in the world had already surprised former American number one Andy Roddick in the first round and had failed to beat Murray in their four previous matches . "  Now I feel very good on court , and I play very relaxed . It 's good when I feel like this on the court , " said Chardy . Chardy will next face former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro , the sixth seed who beat Serbian Viktor Troicki 7-6 2-6 6-1 . U.S. Open champion Novak Djokovic progressed into the last eight after veteran Russian Nikolay Davydenko retired with a shoulder injury after losing the first set 6-0 . "  His first serves did n't go over 90 miles per hour , so something obviously was wrong with his shoulder , " said world No. 2 Djokovic , the beaten finalist in Cincinnati last year and also 2008 and 2009 . The Serbian will next play Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic as he seeks a 14th successive victory in hard-court tournaments following his successful Toronto title defense and March 's Miami Masters success . Federer is seeking to match Rafael Nadal 's record 21 Masters Series titles this week by winning the Cincinnati event for the fifth time . Fish has dropped out of the world 's top 10 after health problems , and is the second-highest ranked American at No. 20 after John Isner . "  He 's always been a difficult player to play against for all players on tour , because he has everything a player needs : he 's got a great return ; he 's got a great serve ; he can move forward , and now obviously he moves obviously much better than he has at the beginning of his career , " Federer said . Fish claimed his first victory over veteran Czech Radek Stepanek with a comfortable 6-3 6-3 win . "  He 's been a very tough opponent for me over the years . Not only has he beaten me , he 's beaten me pretty soundly most of the time , " admitted Fish . Fish underwent minor heart surgery earlier in the year , to correct problems with the electrical connections in his chest , and has been struggling to regain full fitness . "  I certainly felt good . I feel fresh and strong . This summer has gone well for me as far as getting my match fitness back . I have had a lot of great wins on that court here and played a lot of great matches . " The other quarterfinal will be between 21-year-old Canadian Milos Raonic , who beat fifth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych , and Federer 's Swiss compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka -- who defeated Japanese No. 14 Kei Nishikori .	World No. 4 Andy Murray slumps to a 6-4 6-4 defeat to Jeremy Chardy Roger Federer eases past 49th-ranked Australian Bernard Tomic Juan Martin Del Potro and Mardy Fish also reach quarterfinals The U.S. Open is due to start on the August 27
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In a column appearing in Newsweek , world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria said he thinks it would be best for Republican presidential hopeful John McCain if Gov. Sarah Palin bowed out as his vice presidential running mate . "  For him to choose Sarah Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible , " says Zakaria . Zakaria says McCain did not put the country first in making his V.P. choice , and he says Palin is not qualified to lead the United States . CNN spoke to him about his commentary titled , "  Palin is ready ? Please . " CNN : What did you initially think when Sarah Palin was announced as the Republican vice presidential nominee ? Zakaria : I was a bit surprised -- as I think most people were . But I was willing to give her a chance . And I thought her speech at the convention was clever and funny . But once she began answering questions about economics and foreign policy , it became clear that she has simply never thought about these subjects before and is dangerously ignorant and unprepared for the job of vice president , let alone president . Watch Zakaria slam Sarah Palin " CNN : You do n't think she is qualified ? Zakaria : No . Gov. Palin has been given a set of talking points by campaign advisers , simple ideological mantras that she repeats and repeats as long as she can . But if forced off those rehearsed lines , what she has to say is often , quite frankly -- nonsense . Just listen to her response to Katie Couric 's question about the bailout . It 's gibberish -- an emptying out of catchphrases about economics that have nothing to do with the question or the topic . It 's scary to think that this person could be running the country . Here is their exchange : Katie Couric : Why is n't it better , Gov. Palin , to spend $ 700 billion helping middle-class families who are struggling with health care , housing , gas and groceries ; allow them to spend more and put more money into the economy instead of helping these big financial institutions that played a role in creating this mess ? Gov. Sarah Palin : That 's why I say I , like every American I 'm speaking with , we 're ill about this position that we have been put in where it is the taxpayers looking to bail out . But ultimately , what the bailout does is help those who are concerned about the health-care reform that is needed to help shore up our economy , helping the -- it 's got to be all about job creation , too , shoring up our economy and putting it back on the right track . So health-care reform and reducing taxes and reining in spending has got to accompany tax reductions and tax relief for Americans . And trade , we 've got to see trade as opportunity , not as a competitive , scary thing . But one in five jobs being created in the trade sector today , we 've got to look at that as more opportunity . All those things under the umbrella of job creation . This bailout is a part of that . CNN : But Dan Quayle was n't very qualified and that did n't seem to matter , did it ? Zakaria : This is way beyond Dan Quayle . Quayle was a lightweight who was prone to scramble his words , or say things that sounded weird , but you almost always knew what he meant . One of his most famous miscues was to the United Negro College Fund when he said , "  What a terrible thing to have lost one 's mind . Or not to have a mind at all . " Now he was trying to play off a famous ad that the group used to run , "  A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste . " And he screwed it up in a funny way . But read Gov. Palin 's answers and it does appear that she does n't have any understanding about the topic under discussion . CNN : But she has a lot of supporters . Zakaria : Look , I 'm not saying that she is not a feisty , charismatic politician who has done some good things in Alaska . It is just we are talking about a person who should be ready to lead the United States at a moment 's notice . She has never spent a day thinking about any important national or international issue , and this is a hell of a time to start . CNN : Does it make you concerned about Sen. McCain as a president ? Zakaria : Yes , and I say this with sadness because I greatly admire John McCain , a man of intelligence , honor and enormous personal and political courage . However , for him to choose Sara Palin to be his running mate is fundamentally irresponsible . He did not put the country first with this decision . Whether it is appropriate or not , considering Sen. McCain 's age most people expected to have a vice presidential candidate who would be ready to step in at a moment 's notice . The actuarial odds of that happening are significant , something like a one-in-five chance .	Fareed Zakaria says John McCain did not put country first with his choice Palin should bow out saying she wants "  to spend more time with her family , " he says Zakaria : This is "  hell of a time " for Palin to start thinking about national , global issues
CNN  -- Accused "  barefoot bandit " Colton Harris-Moore was indicted Wednesday by a federal grand jury in connection with a series of airplane and boat thefts in the Pacific northwest , federal prosecutors in Washington state said . The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and flying without a pilot 's certificate -- sometimes without shoes . The teen had been on the run since he walked away from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 , according to court records . He was captured on July 11 in the Bahamas after flying 1,000 miles in a stolen plane from Indiana , authorities said . On Wednesday , Harris-Moore was indicted on five counts , including interstate transportation of a stolen aircraft for allegedly flying a Cessna aircraft from Bonners Ferry , Idaho , to near Granite Falls , Washington on September 29 , 2009 , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Seattle said . He is also charged with interstate and foreign transportation of a stolen firearm for allegedly stealing a .32 caliber pistol in Canada and carrying it into Idaho and on the stolen plane he flew to the Granite Falls area , according to the indictment . In addition , Harris-Moore is accused of piloting an aircraft without an airman 's certificate for a flight he allegedly made in a stolen plane from Anacortes to Eastsound , Washington , on February 10 , 2010 . Another charge relates to allegations that he stole a 34-foot boat in Ilwaco , Washington , and sailed to Oregon on May 31 , 2010 , the indictment says . He faces a weapons possession charge for allegedly carrying a Jennings .22 caliber pistol while he was a fugitive between October 1 , 2009 , and May 6 , 2010 . Four of the counts in the indictment are punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Piloting an aircraft without an airman 's certificate is punishable by up to three years in prison . At a court appearance in July shortly after Harris-Moore 's capture , his lawyer said his client does not want to be considered a role model , despite Facebook sites dedicated to him with thousands of fans . "  He was scared , " John Henry Browne said at the time . "  He 's very bright , " the lawyer said , describing his client . "  But probably not very mature . " CNN 's Patrick Oppman contributed to this report .	Colton Harris-Moore was indicted on five counts They include interstate transportation of a stolen aircraft The 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and boats Four of the counts are punishable by up to ten years in prison
CNN  -- A trio of rare Snow Leopard cubs have made their public debut at a zoo in Switzerland this week . The as yet unnamed triplets , born in Basel Zoo eight weeks ago , were displayed on Wednesday with their proud parents . Mayhan , the cubs ' mother , was paired with father Pator in 2009 as part of a Europe-wide zoo breeding program . The pregnancy was confirmed in January this year . The zoo said the cubs , who are still being suckled by their mother , are expected to remain in Basel for their first three years but will later travel as ambassadors for their endangered species . Snow leopards are usually found in the Himalayan ranges of central Asia at altitudes of up to 6,000 meters . The species has been pushed to the brink of extinction by farmers protecting their livestock and hunters who sell its fur and body parts , which are prized by some traditional Chinese medicine practitioners . There are now an estimated 3,500 to 7,000 snow leopards left living in the wild , according to the Snow Leopard Trust .	Rare snow leopard triplets born eight weeks ago Parents Mayhan and Pator were brought together in 2009 Snow leopards are an endangered species in their natural habitat in the Himalayas
CNN  -- Another child has been infected with a rare , brain-eating parasite , less than a month after an Arkansas girl ended up in a hospital , fighting for her life . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed another case of this amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri , in Florida , a spokesman told CNN Tuesday . The patient is 12-year-old Zachary Reyna , his family told CNN affiliate WBBH . Reyna 's family told WBBH that Reyna was kneeboarding with friends in a water-filled ditch by his house on August 3 . He slept the entire next day . Reyna is an active seventh grader , his family said , so sleeping that much was unusual . His mother took him to the hospital immediately . He had brain surgery , and doctors diagnosed him with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , according to WBBH . The family said he is currently in the intensive care unit at the Miami Children 's Hospital . The CDC says it has been in touch with the patient 's doctors and has released the same experimental anti-amoeba drug used to treat 12-year-old Kali Hardig in Arkansas . Reyna 's family told WBBH he is also being treated with an antifungal medicine and antibiotics . Getting this parasite is extremely rare ; between 2001 and 2010 there were only 32 reported cases in the United States , according to the CDC . Most of the cases are in the Southeast . The cases are nearly always deadly , but Hardig 's case is giving the Reyna family some hope . The Arkansas girl was infected with the same rare , brain-eating parasite a couple of weeks ago and was in the intensive care unit at Arkansas Children 's Hospital . She is now in rehab , which is "  really a great sign for her , " hospital spokesman Tom Bonner said Tuesday . She is listed in fair condition . Hardig has shown so much progress that she can now sign her own name , her mother , Traci Hardig , told Bonner . Kali ca n't talk yet because of a sore throat from the breathing tube and the general grogginess she feels from medication , Bonner said . Hardig 's doctors are in largely uncharted territory . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived an infection caused by this microscopic organism , according to the CDC . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm , fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Hardig 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Hardig 's attending physicians , says doctors immediately started treating Hardig with a new experimental anti-amoeba drug they received directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's feverish body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases as a way to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Several weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Hardig 's infection , the Arkansas Department of Health says . Another case of the same parasite was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs , a three-acre sand-bottom , spring-fed lake . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the health department said . Willow Springs ' website says its water is pH-balanced , chemically treated , chlorinated and routinely monitored by the health department . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower the risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in fresh water when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . CNN 's John Bonifield and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this story .	NEW : Family says Zachary Reyna is receiving same drugs as Kali Hardig Arkansas girl is now in rehab in fair condition , the hospital says Both Reyna and Hardig contracted a rare , brain-eating parasite called Naegleria fowleri
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In Paul Syverson 's photo album , there is only one family picture , taken right after his little sister was born . Paul , then 7 , and his father beam with an identical grin . Amy Syverson visits the Iwo Jima memorial with mentor Kohn Fisher as part of a camp for kids of fallen soldiers . Two months later , his father , Army Maj. Paul Syverson III , was killed in action in Balad , Iraq . Five years after his loss , the pain still reverberates with sickening suddenness . To help cope , Paul headed out to spend the Memorial Day weekend with a young military volunteer mentor instead of his dad . "  I try not to think about the bad stuff , " Paul said . "  I just try to remember him as an awesome guy and what a great dad he was . " Paul , 12 , and his sister , Amy , now a cheeky and rambunctious 5-year-old in pigtails , joined 350 other grieving children at a camp for military families in Washington this Memorial Day . For many , the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors , or TAPS , camp is a yearly tradition , a time for kids to play together and pay homage to their loved ones ' sacrifices . Watch as the children share losses and joy " "  It 's just a great way to come and be together and acknowledge the loss , and learn coping mechanisms and ways to get through the loss , " said Paul 's mother , Jackie . "  The kids , they love it . It 's just a great way they can talk about their dads but still have a great time and still just be together . " TAPS is a nonprofit funded by private donations that has helped military families for 15 years . Families pay for their hotel rooms and a small registration fee for the camp . Donations usually cover the airfare . Military families often learn about the survivor camps in the casualty packet they receive when they are notified of a parent 's death . Each child at the camp gets assigned a military mentor who is at his or her side throughout the weekend . The mentors -- many of whom are in their early 20s -- seem to form instant and deep connections with their charges . Some play touch football in the workshop rooms , the young children wildly tackling their muscular military escorts . Others color together or play board games . And sometimes they talk about pain and loss . "  They even ask me questions . They go , ' I do n't know what a landmine is . What is a landmine ? ' " said Matt Thibodeau , an active-duty soldier who was assigned to mentor Paul for the weekend . "  There were a couple children who did n't understand how their parents had passed away , and we try to just help to be there to support them if they need it , kind of a shoulder to cry on . " Thibodeau said volunteering for TAPS seemed almost like a duty , an extension of the brotherhood of the military . "  I thought , if I were to have children and I were to go and pass away , that I would want somebody to do the same for me , " he said . "  A lot of people do n't realize what their parents have done for the country , and we 're to try to support that and give them a little of what they 're missing . " During the weekend , the children take in the sights of the nation 's capital . The mentors accompany them to the Fort Myer military base in Virginia to visit the horses that pull the caisson wagons during military funerals . At the Iwo Jima and Washington monuments , the groups pause to contemplate the sacrifices that generations of service members have made for the country . The groups also planned to attend President Obama 's speech and wreath-laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day . "  This is their chance to reconnect with the military culture , learn coping strategies , learn how , on Memorial Day , America honors those who have served and died , and that their family is part of this national legacy , " said Bonnie Carroll , founder of the TAPS program . For some campers , the circumstances of their loss make their feelings more complicated . Joey Ruocco , 15 , lost his father in 2005 . Marine Maj. John Ruocco committed suicide before he was to ship out for his second tour in Iraq . "  Dealing with something like your dad dying is one thing , and then having to think about all this stuff about suicide , about why , and is there something I could have done ? Could have said ? " said Joey , who was 10 when his father died . "  But you ca n't think about that stuff . You have to think about the happy stuff , what he did with you . " The first time Joey came to camp , he said he worried he might be dogged by the stigma of his dad 's suicide . But Joey said he was accepted without comment , and he 's learned to be proud of his father 's service and sacrifice -- and of his life -- all the same . "  Everything that you take for granted , all sorts of silly things , like being able to ride your bike down to the corner store to get a slushie or something , would n't be possible if it were n't for men like our friends out there , our dads , " Joey said . "  They 're keeping our country free and being able to do stuff like that . "	Camp offers refuge to military families , kids adjusting to loss of loved ones Army Maj. Paul Syverson III killed in action in Balad , Iraq , in 2004 "  I just try to remember him as an awesome guy , " his son says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rare Lincoln manuscript sold for $ 3.4 million on Thursday at Sotheby 's auction house . The 1864 letter in which Abraham Lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of 195 young boys and girls was bought by a private American collector over the phone . The sale of the letter , from the Dr. Robert Small Trust , set a record for a Lincoln manuscript , a presidential manuscript and any American manuscript ever auctioned , Sotheby 's spokeswoman Susan Ollinick said . The "  Little People 's Petition " had asked Lincoln "  to free all the little slave children of this country . " Lincoln wrote , "  Please tell these little people I am very glad their young hearts are so full of just and generous sympathy and that , while I have not the power to grant all they ask , I trust they will remember that God has , and that , as it seems , He wills to do it . " Although Lincoln 's Emancipation Proclamation had declared freedom for all slaves held in areas "  in rebellion " against the United States as of January 1 , 1863 , full abolition of slavery was not accomplished until adoption of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution late in 1865 . The letter had been expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million . About 20 Lincoln documents were among the 111 items for sale from the Small Trust . Also included were other documents from U.S. presidents , including pages from George Washington 's diary and correspondence from Thomas Jefferson and John Adams ; a rare document signed by both Meriwether Lewis and William Clark ; about 10 documents from Robert E. Lee ; and documents from John Brown , Samuel Clemens , Orville Wright and others . E-mail to a friend	Letter is president 's reply to children asking him to free slaves It was expected to sell for $ 3 million to $ 5 million Private American collector purchased letter over the phone
CNN  -- Manchester City capped off a memorable week by booking its place in the FA Cup final for the second time in three seasons . City , which defeated fierce rival Manchester United at Old Trafford last Monday , claimed a 2-1 win over Chelsea at Wembley Sunday to set up a final tie with Wigan Athletic . City last won the country 's oldest and most prestigious cup competition back in 2011 when it defeated Stoke 1-0 . On this occasion , Samir Nasri 's first half strike and Sergio Aguero 's looping header secured victory for Roberto Mancini 's men in a thrilling contest against last season 's European Champions League winners . Demba Ba 's spectacular 66th minute strike had given Chelsea a sniff of a comeback and manager Rafael Benitez was left seething after claiming his side was denied a clear penalty . The Blues looked set to equalize when Fernando Torres raced through only to appear to be wrestled to the ground by City captain Vincent Kompany -- but the officials decided against awarding a spot kick . "  Was it a penalty ? Yes clearly . Very clearly , " Benitez told ITV . "  The penalty not being given was a key moment in the game as Vincent Kompany could also have been sent off . "  You can see the pictures . We have two situations like that in the second half . "  We played against a very good team , if they had scored another the game would have been over . "  But we keep going and we had chances to be back in the game so these decisions were very important . " Chelsea , which defeated Liverpool in last year 's final , was second best for much of the contest and trailed at the break through Nasri 's close range finish . Aguero 's effort two minutes after interval increased City 's lead before Ba 's acrobatic effort ensured a frantic finale . "  It was a difficult game , " Mancini told ITV . "  The players did well to win this game , fighting for every ball until the last second . "  In the first half we had everything under control . When Demba Ba scored , it caused us a problem for 10 minutes . "  When we won the FA Cup against Stoke , it was a difficult game , and I expect the same against Wigan . "  But now we have to win the final and finish second in the championship that is our target . " Chelsea 's hope of winning a trophy now rests on the Europa League where it faces a semifinal against Swiss side Basel . "  I am really disappointed with the result . When we played with Fernando Torres , the team had more energy , " Benitez told reporters . "  If you see the performance in the second-half , the players will know they can do well in the rest of the season . You could see we had energy , quality and desire . " While City was celebrating at Wembley , its arch rival Manchester United was also reflecting on success after claiming a 2-0 win at Stoke -- a win which takes it 15 points clear at the summit of the Premier League . Robin van Persie 's first goal in 10 games and Michael Carrick 's opener allowed United to pick up all three points at struggling Stoke . And manager Alex Ferguson was delighted to see his star striker finally get back amongst the goals -- even if he was almost sent flying by the subsequent celebration . "  He nearly killed me ! He forgets I 'm 71 , " Ferguson joked . "  It was a great celebration as it brought the emotion of the players and the fans together . We really did celebrate that . " United now requires just seven points from its final six games to win the title and wrestle it back from neighbor City . Ferguson told Sky Sports : " "  If we were starting the season today , with seven games left , would we fancy ourselves to win the league ? That was the point of it . "  Not looking back or looking at the points we got or the goal difference . It 's to start the season today . "  The players deserve all the credit for the battling performance they gave . "  The character of the team is showing . They went out on the pitch with that and got the result they deserved . " In the day 's other Premier League game , Sunderland produced a memorable performance to claim a 3-0 win at fierce foe Newcastle . Manager Paolo Di Canio led the celebrations as goals from Stephane Sessegnon , Adam Johnson and David Vaughan propelled Sunderland three points clear of the drop zone . And the 44-year-old Italian took time to dedicate the victory to his late mother , who passed away exactly one year ago yesterday . Di Canio asked reporters : "  Can I tell you something ? "  Sometimes , some special things have to remain inside yourself . It 's not good to share with others because it 's very deep inside yourself . "  But I believe in this thing . Before the kick off , I saw the face of my Mama smiling . Exactly yesterday , it was one year since she passed away . "  Exactly one year ago , there was the same situation . I was in the dug-out the day after she passed away and we won the game -- I was at Swindon -- and today , it has happened again . "  For this , I have to thank not only my Mama , otherwise my Dad - he is next to her , but today , he is going to be upset . "  But Dad , Mama was special today , so my dedication goes to her today , to my Mam . " In Spain , league leader Barcelona cruised to a 3-0 win at Real Zaragoza with two goals from Cristian Tello and a strike from Thiago Alcantara doing the damage . Barca sits 13 points clear of Real Madrid , which also won 3-0 with two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and a strike from Gonzalo Higuain seeing off Atheltic Bilbao . Meanwhile , Radamel Falcao scored twice as third place Atletico Madrid cruised to a 5-0 win over Granada , while Real Sociedad 's Imanol Agirretxe kept his side 's push for Champions League football on track . Agirretxe scored both goals as Sociedad overcame Rayo Vallecano 2-0 to open up a four point gap between itself and fifth place Malaga . In Italy , third-place Milan drew 1-1 with second place Napoli in a result which does neither team any good in their pursuit of league leader Juventus . Mathieu Flamini gave Milan a 30th minute lead only for Goran Pandev to equalize three minutes later . Flamini was later sent off with 18 minutes to go but Napoli was unable to force a winner and remains in second , nine points off the top . Elsewhere , Inter Milan suffered a 2-0 defeat at Cagliari as it slumped to a third loss in four games . Mauricio Pinilla scored twice to leave Inter 's hope of qualifying for next season 's Champions League in jeopardy . Ten-man Roma picked up all three points at Torino courtesy of a 2-1 victory . Pablo Osvaldo and Erik Lamela got the goals before Federico Balzaretti was sent off after receiving a second yellow card . Elsewhere , Udinese eased to a 3-0 win at Parma , while Palermo finished 1-1 against Bologna , Chievo finished goalless against Catania and Genoa drew 1-1 with Sampdoria .	Manchester City defeated Chelsea 2-1 in the FA Cup semifinal at Wembley Samir Nasri and Sergio Aguero on target for City , who will face Wigan in final Manchester United moves 15 points clear at top of Premier League Robin van Persie scores for first time in 10 games during 2-0 win
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine , deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists , casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold . Five Ukrainian security forces were killed and 25 were wounded in fighting with the separatists , Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said . He said at least 129 violations of the ceasefire have already taken place -- ranging from small arms fire to mortar attacks . But pro-Russian separatists have also blamed Ukraine for violations . Dmytro Chalov , a spokesman for a sector of the Ukrainian army , said mortar fire pummeled the Mariupol area of eastern Ukraine . The ceasefire went into effect more than 24 hours earlier , at midnight Saturday night . Monday was slated to be a key day in the truce -- when both sides are supposed to withdraw heavy weapons . But neither has done so . The Ukrainian army still has plans to pull heavy weapons out of the area , but it wo n't happen until the situation is quiet , Chalov said . "  We emphasize that our military will only fire in response , " Lysenko told reporters Monday . The ceasefire aims to end 10 months of fighting in eastern Ukraine . But less than 90 minutes after it started , Ukrainian officials reported mortar shelling at a military post near Zolote in the Luhansk region . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine . Despite the reports of violence Monday , the truce did appear to hold up in many parts of eastern Ukraine . And that means some residents who have been holed up for weeks were able to venture out to buy food and medicine . But the future remains uncertain . "  How long can this bloodshed go on for ? " one woman told CNN . "  All we want is peace . " Frederik Pleitgen reported from Mariupol , and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta .	A Ukrainian defense spokesman reports 129 violations of the ceasefire so far Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists are supposed to withdraw heavy weapons Monday
CNN  -- The public has been shaking its collective head since rumors of a Rihanna-Chris Brown collaboration began circulating on the Internet last week . Once the artists ' respective remixes , "  Birthday Cake " and "  Turn Up the Music , " featuring each other , hit the Web on Monday , that head-shaking turned into full-blown opposition . Some have questioned why Rihanna would musically reunite with her ex and whether their working together was a straight career move or a byproduct of her feelings for Brown . But based on the way the "  We Found Love " singer markets herself , industry experts agree , her decision to collaborate with Brown is actually quite characteristic . "  So much of  Rihanna 's  music is about being in control of herself , " said Tamar Anitai , the managing editor of MTV Buzzworthy . "  Some of her fans have been really surprised by  her working with Brown again  , but a lot of her other fans are so used to her making these big , bold statements . " Rihanna has been in the game for a long time , Anitai said , and she wants people to know that she makes her own decisions . "  This is her way of saying , ` I 've made peace with my past . ' " Since he pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend on the eve of the 51st Grammy Awards , Brown 's career has flourished -- as has Rihanna 's . Country singer Miranda Lambert and HLN 's Dr. Drew are among those weighing in on Brown 's successes in addition to his troubles , including outbursts on Twitter and a reported tantrum after an appearance on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " last year . A firestorm erupted when many women tweeted after this year 's Grammy Awards that they would let Brown beat them . But while the response to the pair 's partnership has been overwhelmingly negative , their remixes have actually been well-received , said Ian Drew , Us Weekly 's senior editor for music . "  Say what you will about them ... but when they 're on a track together , it sort of lights up and ignites , " Drew said . Referencing Rihanna 's "  S&M , " which shocked listeners with talk of chains and whips , he said that "  these two are all about pushing buttons . " What is boils down to , Drew added , is whether people have the ability to separate the artists ' personal lives from their music . It 's unclear what effect their collaborations will have on their careers . But the critics seem to be out in full force . A recent Newsday story titled "  Rihanna and Chris Brown deserve each other " states , "  Apparently , Rihanna wants to show her independence and Brown wants to show that he can beat a woman and still get her to be friends . " And AJ Reynolds , who hosts Canada 's Top 20 Countdown , said that all tracks featuring Brown have been pulled from the radio show after numerous parents complained . The backlash could n't have come as a surprise to the two artists . Music producer The-Dream , who wrote "  Birthday Cake " with Rihanna , told MTV it was actually her idea to feature Brown on the song 's remix . "  When she raised the question to me , I know she 's not crazy , " he said . "  So my thought was , ` you 've been thinking about this ; you 've already thought it out , so evidently you know what reaction you gon na get . ' " Despite the fact that Rihanna typically embraces her sexuality in her music , "  Turn Up the Music "  which features the lyrics , "  So let 's go tonight and do whatever it takes to make it right "  and "  Birthday Cake 's " explicit nature are a bit jarring , given the pair 's history , said Bill Werde , Billboard 's editorial director . Even so , Werde said , he ca n't see Rihanna 's career being hurt by the collaboration . "  If Chris Brown can rebound from  the assault  ... please do n't tell me that Rihanna ca n't rebound from what some are perceiving as a lapse in judgment , " he added . In the end , fans reserve the right to support the artists or not , but onlookers have to remember , this is still a real and tumultuous situation . "  People have the tendency to forget that maybe this is n't some kind of contrived career move or a staged opportunity for PR , " Werde said . "  This media-saturated world is trying to make sense of a very , very human decision . "  I would like to think she 's thought through the consequences , but I do n't think she 's making this decision with an eye toward her career , " Werde added . "  She 's probably just thinking with her heart . "	The artists ' remixes , "  Birthday Cake " and "  Turn Up the Music , " hit the Web on Monday Response to partnership has been negative , but remixes are doing well Brown pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend
CNN  -- Troops in the southern Philippines early Sunday took advantage of martial law to hunt down those believed responsible for last week 's killings there . President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared martial law in the southern province of Maguindanao after 57 people were killed in politically motivated violence . Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the Eastern Mindanao command , told CNN on Saturday that searchers have made arrests and recovered firearms and vehicles from a clan implicated in the killings . He said local residents welcome the deployment of the troops . "  We need this because we do not want those who perpetrated the crime to slip out of the province . And we may be having a hard time catching them , " he said . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said martial law -- under which police can make arrests without a warrant -- went into effect at 9 p.m. Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . Brawner said the measure was invoked to impose peace on the region after the unrest , which led to troops being mobilized . "  Life is to resume normally and martial law is established to prevent new violence , with troops on the ground monitoring any possible violence breakout , " he said . "  But the civilian government will be running the affairs of the province , not a military governor . " Military police have detained three brothers and their father on suspicion of involvement in the unrest : Akmad Ampatuan , the vice governor of Maguindanao ; Anwar Ampatuan , the mayor of Sherif Auguak , Maguindanao 's capital ; and Zaldy Ampatuan , governor of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao . Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the patriarch , became ill and was hospitalized after he , too , was taken in . "  Local government will function , it will prevent armed groups from wreaking havoc ... and it will allow the officials search and find the guilty parties , " Brawner said . Security forces on Friday searched the home of Andal Ampatuan Jr. , mayor of Datu Unsay and son of the provincial governor of Maguindanao , according to Brawner . Authorities say Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed the Nov. 23 politically motivated killings . Weapons were found in the house , Brawner said . On Tuesday , Philippine authorities charged Ampatuan and other suspects with 25 counts of murder in the killings . Still more suspects were taken into custody Friday . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . The National Bureau of Investigation has moved a third witness to Manila for questioning , the Philippines News Agency reported Thursday . "  At the moment , we are interviewing the witness so that we would know what he knows about the incident in Maguindanao , " NBI Director Nestor Mantaring said . The witness claimed to have been at the site during the massacre . "  He is very vital , " Mantaring said . "  From what I know ... he knows a lot of information regarding the incident . " Among the victims in the massacre were the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Witnesses and local officials have blamed the younger Ampatuan , a longtime ally of the Philippines president and a known warlord . They said the killings were an attempt to block Mangudadatu from challenging him in the May gubernatorial election . Also killed were a dozen journalists who had accompanied the women . Group : Philippines most dangerous country for journalists Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case -- a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation . Suspicion fell on Ampatuan after a government construction vehicle was found at the hastily dug mass grave that held the bodies of the massacre victims . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre Martial law follows killings of 57 last week in Maguindanao province Several members of powerful Ampatuan political family detained Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. directed killings , authorities say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities declined to file criminal charges Wednesday against a fifth-grade student for the death of 10-year-old Joanna Ramos , who suffered fatal blunt force head trauma after a fistfight in February . "  This case was a fight between two children that ended with unintended and tragic results , " according to a statement by Long Beach Police . Joanna , a fifth-grader at Willard Elementary School , died six hours after an altercation with an unidentified 11-year-old female classmate , said Sgt. Rico Fernandez , a Long Beach Police spokesman . Authorities had ruled her death a homicide . "  Detectives presented all of the facts and evidence of the investigation to The Los Angeles District Attorney 's office for review , " the statement read . "  They determined that they would not file any charges in the case . " Long Beach authorities declined further comment about the case . In February , police said , Joanna and her classmate had challenged each other to a planned fight when their school session ended . "  The two girls met in a nearby alley next to a church and began hitting each other , " Fernandez said . The fight lasted less than a minute , and no weapons were involved , he said . CNN affiliate KABC reported that friends of Joanna 's believed the fight occurred over a boy . According to Long Beach Unified School District spokesman Chris Eftychiou , Joanna finished her regular school session at 2:12 p.m. on February 24 and was supposed to remain on campus to begin her scheduled after-school program at 2:30 . "  We believe the altercation occurred during that 15-minute window because she apparently left and returned for the after-school session , which involves help with homework and academic-related activity , " Eftychiou said . After the fight , the girls went their separate ways , he said . Joanna stayed in the afternoon session for about an hour but did not exhibit obvious signs of physical trauma , Eftychiou said . "  When she did complain of not feeling well , her cousin picked her up , but we had no indication she was involved in an altercation , " he said . "  Only when she was at the hospital did we get word about the altercation . " Joanna had been enrolled at the school for about a year and a half , Eftychiou said . Los Angeles district attorney spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons confirmed the findings issued by the Long Beach Police Department but declined further comment because the case involved minors . "  The Long Beach Police Department hopes that its conclusion brings some peace to both families involved , as well as the community , " the statement said .	Joanna Ramos suffered head injury during a fight in February , then died Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office declines to file charges Police say Joanna and a classmate had challenged each other to an after-school fight Fight lasted less than a minute , and no weapons were involved , police say
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- I certainly did n't anticipate this turn of events : that more than 200 Nigerian girls , students kidnapped from their hostels in dead of night , would still be missing , and with their abductors , for 100 days in peacetime , democratic Nigeria . The agony of the girls , and more specifically of their parents , has haunted the country since . In those weeks , at least 11 of the parents have died : seven of the fathers were among 51 bodies taken to hospital in Chibok after the terrorists attacked Kautakari , just nearby , and at least four are confirmed to have died of heart failure , high blood pressure and other illnesses . "  One father of two of the girls kidnapped just went into a kind of coma and kept repeating the names of his daughters , until life left him , " a community leader , Pogu Bitrus told the Associated Press . There is a sense of disbelief among protesters and Nigerians generally -- from across the world . Citizens whisper to themselves in malls , at parties , in the markets , across offices , at newspaper vendor stands and in airport terminals . We knew things were bad ; but we did n't know they were so bad that the Nigerian government would be incapable of securing even this symbolic victory over the terrorist Boko Haram for more than 100 days . When did we become the kind of country where this happens ? Well , it certainly has been a long time coming . Years of political infighting between the ruling and opposition parties led to a breakdown of trust and cooperation across state and federal government agencies ; the one suspecting the other of using the terrorists to win political advantage . The relative inaction has only emboldened Boko Haram , which these days invades communities , taunts Nigerians in videos  including the latest this week by its leader Abubakar Shekau  , and hoists flags in villages with the ease of an advancing army . Opinion : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten The 100-day marker for the kidnap of the Chibok girls stands as the highest symbol for the failure of the Nigerian state to protect its citizens , to defend its territory , to inspire hope . From the two weeks it took President Goodluck Jonathan to officially acknowledge the scale of the problem to the relentless cross-government attack against citizen protesters , there has been a sense that the authorities are more interested in protecting their offices , than restoring confidence . It does n't help that it took the President 99 days to even meet the parents of the missing girls and only after a foreigner , Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai had pleaded . It does n't help that , apparently , the 50-plus girls who escaped captivity have not immediately been taken under the wings of the government . It does n't help that the country 's secret service has taken to harassing leaders of the #BringBackOurGirls campaign at international airports . It has become a broken record : the government says it knows the location of the girls . But this offers little comfort , as little comfort as the lack of information as to how exactly the international community is helping , since it has no boots on the ground . The meeting with the parents on Tuesday hopefully opens a new chapter in efforts to find these people . For one , the much talked about empathy that has won this president the hearts of Nigerians was on display . Whether manufactured or not , it gave at least a ray of hope for a thirsty citizenry -- as we gather Wednesday in marches across the world , from Lagos to New York , Abuja to London . Maybe this will be the beginning of stronger cooperation between the Chibok community and its federal government ; maybe it will signify a thawing of relations between the presidency and the opposition state government . Maybe it will finally convince the President that protesters , like the parents , do not wish his downfall , they only want a slice of hope . In a politically charged climate , where everything is interpreted against the backdrop of the coming 2015 general elections , this might be little more than futile hope . But as we ponder the fates of at least 219 young women , caught in the Sambisa forest , surrounded by mosquitoes , spiders , dirty waters , deadly snakes and deranged fundamentalists , hope -- unfortunately -- is all we can afford . READ : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten	More than 200 Nigerian girls still missing , 100 days after being kidnapped from their hostels Agony of girls , and their parents , has haunted Nigeria since , writes Chude Jideonwo Years of political infighting between ruling and opposition parties led to breakdown of trust , he adds Jideonwo criticizes harassment of leaders of #BringBackOurGirls at international airports
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Soldiers were among the casualties in a suicide attack at a cafe in Somalia early Saturday , authorities told CNN . The incident occurred in the town of Beledweyne in the central part of the African nation and it drew sharp condemnation from the Somali prime minister . Authorities continue to sort out the casualty figures . Police officers said the death toll is as high as 20 , but the country 's prime minister 's office reported at least 13 dead . A few dozen injuries were reported . "  I condemn the attack in the strongest terms and send my condolences to the families of all the innocent civilians who were killed and wounded , " Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon said . "  The motive of these attacks are to frighten Somali people , these acts of terrorism will not derail the progress made across Somalia . " Mohamed Ibrahim Ali , a Hirran deputy governor , said seven government soldiers died and top Somali military commanders were injured and hospitalized . He said at least 33 people were injured Al-Shabaab , the militant Islamist group , issued a claim of responsibility on its website and said it killed Somali and Ethiopian troops , who have been fighting Al-Shabaab . A terror group with ties to al Qaeda , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for last month 's four-day siege at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , where at least 67 people died . Beledweyne is the capital of Hirran province , and the attack took place near the administrative office of the region . The city , more than 200 miles north of Mogadishu and near the Ethiopian border , is a commercial hub linking southern and northern Somalia . "  A process of establishing a regional administration in the area has been under way in the past couple of days , " the prime minister 's office said . In June 2009 , a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the front gate of the Medina Hotel in Beledweyne . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for that assault , which killed 35 people , including several Somalia diplomats .	The incident took place in the Somali city of Beledweyne Soldiers were among the dead , an official said Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- "  Gone Girl " was that rarity : a best-selling book that was also well reviewed , earning spots on both The New York Times best-seller list and critics ' best-of lists . Will the movie starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike which opens Friday measure up ? ` Unfilmable ' movies ? No such thing , says Hollywood It 's hard to say . Early reviews have been positive , but some critics have reservations . The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane highlighted the differing needs of books and movies as the reason for his mixed review . While complaining about one of the film 's subplots , he observed , "  It comes straight from the novel , and you can picture the outcry if  director David  Fincher had chopped or changed it , but so what ? A director 's task is not to suck up to readers , or to flatter his source , but to imagine it afresh , as film , while seizing on those aspects that matter to him most . " It 's a fine line . Let an adaptation leave out a character or condense a plot and book fans will scream in protest . But include every nuance , every tangent , and moviegoers will yawn with fatigue . Studios will always rely on books -- they 're an easy source for new stories . And many of those adaptations will end up as hit movies . But that does n't mean they 're always done well . Check the gallery for some considerations of whether the book or movie did the job better .	"  Gone Girl " was popular book ; can movie live up to it and be a hit ? Movies and books are two different forms ; directors and writers have to make choices Some movies succeed more than others
CNN  -- An Arkansas student says his high school is "  history " after school officials pulled a profile of him from the school yearbook because he is openly gay . Taylor Ellis , 17 , told CNN affiliate KATV that Sheridan High School pulled seven student profiles from the Yellowjacket yearbook rather than publish an account based on his coming out . "  It 's a big thing in Sheridan to be gay , " the yearbook 's assistant editor , Hannah Bruner , told KATV of why she profiled Ellis . "  That something that does n't get told a lot . " In a statement , Sheridan Superintendent Brenda Haynes said , "  We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students and for our community . We must not make decisions based on demands by any special interest group . The seven profiles will not be published in the yearbook . " She added , "  We have reviewed state law , court cases , and our own policies . It is clear that the adults who have the responsibility for the operation of the District have the obligation to make decisions which are consistent with the mission of our school . We have done so . " The district decided to scrap the seven profiles rather than publish Ellis ' story , Bruner said . To Ellis , the reason for taking out all the profiles was clear . "  We have a good idea why they 're not going into the yearbook , " he said . "  They do n't want to just throw out the gay kid 's interview . " Ellis , who came out a year ago , said he did n't understand the decision . "  I 'm already openly gay , " he told KATV , "  so there 's no reason that it should affect how people see me . " Bruner 's profile of Ellis said , in part , "  Although the thought of coming out and the repercussions of doing so , frightened Ellis at first , he found that most of the student body , as well as the teachers , were very accepting of him . " Ellis ' mother said the principal , Rodney Williams , contacted her . "  I did n't understand , because there had been no problems , so I ask him , ` have you had threats ? ' " Lynn Tiley told KATV . "  He said , ` no , ma'am , just his well-being . ' " On Tuesday , representatives from a national civil rights organization staged a demonstration on the State Capitol steps in support of Ellis , KATV reported . "  This discriminatory exclusion by Sheridan High School administrators has nothing to do with Arkansas values , " said Chad Griffin , president of the Human Rights Campaign . On Wednesday , Williams was to receive a petition with more than 30,000 signatures asking that the decision be reversed , KATV reported . The Human Rights Campaign urged Gov. Mike Beebe and the state 's education commissioner , Tom Kimbrell , to intervene , but representatives of their offices said it was a matter for the local school district . "  They 're history , " Ellis said of his high school . "  When I 'm done with Sheridan , I 'm done with Sheridan . I have one more year , and after that , I 'll thank God every day that I 'm not there anymore . " Legislators to universities : Assign gay material , see your money cut	Taylor Ellis , 17 , says officials killed the profile that told of his coming out Yearbook 's assistant editor : "  It 's big thing in Sheridan to be gay " Superintendent : "  We must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students "
CNN  -- A 7-year-old boy from El Paso , Texas , was gunned down across the border in the violent city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , a spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office told CNN Tuesday . Raul Xazziel Ramirez had been visiting his father in Juarez on Friday evening when unknown gunmen fired on their vehicle at a roundabout , spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . At least 18 rounds from a 9 mm weapon were shot at the white 2000 Geo Tracker driven by Ramirez 's dad , Sandoval said . The father , Raul Ramirez Alvarado , 35 , died in the driver 's seat . The younger Raul escaped from the vehicle , but was apparently shot in the back , Sandoval said . The boy 's body fell forward in front of the vehicle . The shooting happened just before 8 p.m. Friday . No arrests had been made as of Tuesday , the spokesman said . Raul Xazziel Ramirez was a third-grader at Glen Cove Elementary School in El Paso , Ysleta Independent School District spokeswoman Patricia Ayala told CNN . "  It 's a senseless tragedy that we 're trying to come to terms with , " she said . According to El Paso County records , Raul was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday when he was killed . The boy lived with his aunt and uncle in El Paso , Ayala said . It was the first semester that Raul was registered with the district . Raul 's classmates were spared the details of his death , but the school was nonetheless shocked at the boy 's passing . Grief counselors were made available for both students and teachers , Ayala said . More than 2,200 killings have been recorded this year in Ciudad Juarez , out of a population of approximately 1.5 million people . A bloody turf war between warring drug cartels that started last year has made the city one of the most violent in the world . According to statistics from local prosecutors , Ciudad Juarez records about 10 murders a day . The bloodiest month this year has been September , with 476 killings reported . The violence has not spilled over significantly across the border to El Paso , but as Friday 's shooting showed , the pain of one of the sister cities is shared by the other . Because of the ongoing investigation , Sandoval declined to say whether drug cartel activity was suspected in the killings of Raul and his father , but added that at least 90 percent of the city 's homicides are drug-related . Raul was not the youngest victim slain this year . In early 2009 , a 3-year-old girl was killed together with her father inside a vehicle that was targeted , Sandoval said .	NEW : Raul Xazziel Ramirez was just three weeks shy of his eighth birthday , records show Ramirez was killed Friday along with his father in Ciudad Juarez . The boy managed to escape the vehicle but was shot in the back , police say More than 2,200 slain this year in Juarez ; Ramirez was not the youngest
PEOPLE.com  -- And baby makes 22 ! Polygamist reality television star Kody Brown and his fourth wife , Robyn , welcomed their first child together -- a son named Solomon -- at 2:02 a.m. Wednesday morning at the couple 's home in Las Vegas , they tell PEOPLE exclusively . The baby boy weighed in at 9 lbs. , 10.5 oz. , and is 22 inches long . "  He 's perfect and we could n't be happier , " Kody tells PEOPLE . "  We are so thrilled . " Brown , 43 , and Robyn , 33 , married during last year 's season finale of the TLC reality show "  Sister Wives " and now work to blend a family that includes three other wives and 16 additional children , some from previous marriages . The family -- including Brown 's first and only legal wife Meri , 40 , their daughter , Meriah , 16 ; wife Janelle , 42 , and their children Logan , 17 , Madison , 15 , Hunter , 14 , Garrison , 13 , Gabriel , 10 , and Savanah , 6 ; and wife Christine , 39 , and their children Aspyn , 16 , Mykelti , 15 , Paedon , 13 , Gwendyln , 10 , Ysabel , 8 , and Truely , 1 -- added Robyn and her three children from a previous marriage , Dayton , 11 , Aurora , 9 , and Breanna , 7 , to the expansive Brown clan , and moved from Utah to Nevada after police launched an investigation into the family last year .  The Browns have since filed a federal lawsuit in July challenging the constitutionality of Utah 's bigamy law . This season , the Browns are residing in four separate homes in Las Vegas and dealing with the emotional , financial and physical strain that comes from living a "  plural " lifestyle . Sister Wives airs Sunday nights  9 p.m. ET  on TLC . Solomon 's birth will air on the show 's season finale on November 27 . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kody Brown and his fourth wife , Robyn , welcomed their first child The baby boy weighed in at 9 lbs . Brown , 43 , and Robyn , 33 , married during last year 's season finale
CNN  -- The question has dipped in and out of the national conversation for decades : What should the United States do about marijuana ? Everyone has heard the arguments in the legalization debate about health and social problems , potential tax revenue , public safety concerns and alleviating an overburdened prison system -- but there is n't much new to say . The nation has moved from the abstract matter of "  if " to the more tangible debate over "  how , " said Beau Kilmer , co-director of the RAND Drug Policy Research Center and co-author of "  Marijuana Legalization : What Everyone Needs to Know . " Changing attitudes about weed are part of a larger shift in the country 's collective thoughts on federal drug policy . Just this week , on the heels of CNN 's Sanjay Gupta reversal of his stance on medical marijuana , Attorney General Eric Holder announced an initiative to curb mandatory minimum drug sentences and a federal judge called New York City 's stop-and-frisk policy unconstitutional . "  Between Attorney General Holder 's announcement , the decision made on stop-and-frisk and Dr. Gupta coming out with his documentary , it was a big week for drug policy , " Kilmer said . Peruse the Marijuana Majority website and you 'll see decrying pot prohibition is no longer confined to the convictions of Cheech and Chong . Today 's debate involves an unlikely alliance that unites conservatives Pat Robertson and Sarah Palin with rapper Snoop Lion  aka Snoop Dogg  , blogger Arianna Huffington and Jon Stewart of "  The Daily Show . " In June , the U.S. Conference of Mayors cited organized crime , a national change in attitude , the efficacy of medical marijuana and exorbitant costs to local governments in its resolution supporting "  states setting their own marijuana policies , " a stance similar to the one endorsed by the National Lawyers Guild and the Red Cross . "  I 'm surprised by the long-term increase in support for marijuana legalization in the last six or seven years . It 's unprecedented . It does n't look like a blip , " said Peter Reuter , a University of Maryland public policy professor with 30 years experience researching drug policy . Reuter , who co-wrote the book "  Cannabis Policy : Moving Beyond Stalemate , " said he believes two factors are spurring the shift in national opinion : Medical marijuana has reduced the stigma associated with the drug , making it "  less devilish , " and the number of Americans who have tried the drug continues to rise . Resistance fading When Washington and Colorado legalized pot -- with strict controls by established state agencies and a coherent tax structure -- opponents were n't able to raise the money to fight the initiatives , which Reuter considers an "  important signal that the country is no longer willing to fight this battle . " As important as the lack of resistance , Reuter said , is the subsequent response . Though he does n't see federal legalization on the horizon , he noted that the White House could easily shut Washington and Colorado down , either via a Justice Department crackdown or an IRS prohibition on tax deductions for the purchase of marijuana , which Reuter said would be a "  killer for the industry . " Instead , this week saw Holder make his mandatory minimum announcement without so much as a word about what 's happening in the states . Likewise , Congress has been reticent , Reuter said . "  It may be that everyone 's waiting to see what happens , " he said . "  I take their silence to be some form of assent . " In 1969 , a Gallup poll showed 12 % of Americans supported pot legalization , and it estimated that same year that four in 100 Americans had taken a toke . Last week , Gallup reported that number had spiked to almost four in 10 . Gallup , Pew and CNN/Opinion Research Corp. polls conducted in the past three years indicate a nation evenly divided , and Gupta 's documentary plants him among a loud chorus that has sung the drug 's praises since California approved medical marijuana in 1996 . Since then , 20 other states and the District of Columbia have passed similar laws , while Colorado and Washington state have legalized it for recreational use -- a move Alaska , California , Nevada and Oregon each twice rejected between 1972 and 2010 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Sixteen states have decriminalized possession of personal amounts of marijuana since 1973 , including Colorado , which approved decriminalization 37 years before voters legalized cannabis in 2012 , according to the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . Mark Kleiman , a UCLA public policy professor who has been tapped to mold Washington 's legal pot industry , noted that even in states where recent ballot initiatives were shot down , there are telling results . Perennial red state Arkansas ' medical marijuana vote in November , for example , was a squeaker , failing 51 % to 49 % . "  When 49 % of voters in Arkansas are voting for legal pot , we are n't in Kansas anymore , " said Kleiman , who co-wrote "  Marijuana Legalization " with Kilmer . A savvier debate The tone of the debate is also a sign that the country is nearing a tipping point at which public opinion effects political change . Rather than engaging in a simple yes-vs . - no debate about legalization , proponents are asking more nuanced questions : Should "  grows " be large or small ? What should the tax structure look like ? Should potency be limited ? Will the model involve for-profit companies ? How will weed be distributed ? "  The discussion over time -- and I think it 's for the better -- the discussion is starting to focus more on the details , " Kilmer said . "  Before , nobody has ever really had to confront those decisions . ... Those decisions are really going to shape the cost and benefits of policy change . " President Barack Obama 's drug czar , Gil Kerlikowske , said in 2010 that marijuana legalization was a "  nonstarter , " an assertion the Office of National Drug Control Policy says holds true today . The office emphasizes that the administration 's 2013 drug policy takes a new tack with the realization that America ca n't arrest its way out of its longtime drug epidemic . The White House policy , announced in April , favors prevention over incarceration , science over dogma and diversion for nonviolent offenders , the office says . Arguments for marijuana legalization , however , run counter to public health and safety concerns , the Office of National Drug Control Policy says . The federal government may have a difficult time maintaining its stance , experts predict . John Kane , a federal judge in Colorado , said in December he sees marijuana following the same path as alcohol in the 1930s . Toward the end of Prohibition , Kane explained , judges routinely dismissed violations or levied fines so trivial that prosecutors quit filing cases . "  The law is simply going to die before it 's repealed . It will just go into disuse , " Kane said . "  It 's a cultural force , and you simply can not legislate against a cultural force . " Kleiman , who is also chairman of the board for BOTEC Analysis Corp. , a think tank applying public policy analysis techniques to the issues of crime and drug abuse , said the federal government may have tripped itself up in the 1970s by classifying marijuana as a Schedule I drug with no medicinal use and a high potential for abuse . If the government had made it Schedule II , the classification for cocaine and oxycodone , 43 years ago , it would be easier today to justify a recreational ban , he said . States to take lead Kleiman said the infrastructure he is helping establish in Washington could provide a model for other states , but ideally , he 'd prefer a model that involved federal legalization and permitted users to either grow their own marijuana or patronize co-ops . "  All the stuff I want to do you ca n't do as long as it 's federally illegal , " Kleiman said . "  By the time we get it legalized federally , there will be systems in place in each state , " which will make uniform controls at a national level tricky . The push for legalization has gained momentum , though , he said , and he does n't foresee it moving backward . In 10 years , proponents might even move politics at a national level , he said , though predictions are problematic so long as pot prohibition endures . "  It 's sustained right now . Whether it 's going to be sustained is another question , " he said . In the meantime , states are expected to continue to lead the charge . Alaska could put a legalization ballot before voters next year , while Maine , Rhode Island , California and Oregon may give it a shot in 2016 , when the presidential election promises to bring younger voters to the polls . "  I think a lot 's going to depend on how legalization plays out in Colorado and Washington -- also , how the federal government responds , " Kilmer said . "  We still have n't heard how they 're going to address commercial production facilities in those states . " The next White House administration could easily reverse course , just as it could on mandatory minimums , Kilmer said , but while pot 's future is nebulous , the nation 's change in attitude -- not only since the 1960s , but even since a decade ago -- is clear . That makes proponents hopeful , if reluctant to make predictions . "  I did n't see this  shift in opinion  coming , and I think that 's true of my collaborators , " Reuter said . "  So much for experts . "	In legalization debate , nation has moved from "  if " to "  how , " drug policy expert says White House calls legalization a "  nonstarter ; " new policy favors prevention over incarceration Shift in opinion in last 6-7 years "  does n't feel like a blip , " public policy professor says Poll says in 4 in 10 Americans have tried marijuana , up from 4 in 100 in 1969
At a time of heightened partisanship and tense relations between the White House and Congress , President Obama is set to give the constitutionally-mandated State of the Union address on Tuesday . Obama tells House Dems he wants ` big deal ' on debt Both Obama , GOP have laid out hard lines for tough talks ahead By the numbers , here 's a look at the presidential address to Congress : 223 - Number of State of the Union or "  annual messages " in U.S. history . President Barack Obama will deliver the 224th . 91 - "  In person " State of the Union speeches or annual presidential messages . Tuesday 's will be the 92nd . At least 1 - Member of the president 's cabinet who does n't attend , in order to preserve the line of succession . 12 - States in the Union when President George Washington gave the first State of the Union speech in January 1790 . 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since he joined the court in 1994 . To go or not to go : Supreme Court at the State of the Union 3 - Years where Breyer was the only attendee from the Supreme Court : 2001 , 2003 and 2004 . 12 - Times President Franklin D. Roosevelt delivered a State of the Union address , the most of any president . Ten were in person , and two were in writing . 2 - Presidents who were unable to deliver a State of the Union or annual message speech : William Henry Harrison and James Garfield , who both died in office after 32 days and 199 days . 22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012 . 2012 : Buffett 's secretary , young cancer survivor among guests 1 - Times the State of the Union or annual message has been postponed . President Ronald Reagan was scheduled to make his address on January 28 , 1986 , the day of the space shuttle Challenger explosion . It was postponed to February 4th . 7 - State of the Union or annual message speeches since 1966 where there was no official opposition party response . Most of the cases were when a president had just been inaugurated to his first term . Rubio to deliver GOP 's 2012 response Rubio : I 'm no savior 3 - Politicians since 1966 who gave the opposition 's response to a State of the Union speech or annual message who later became president : Gerald Ford , George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton . 89 minutes - Total running time of President Bill Clinton 's speech in 2000 . It contained 7,452 words . 3 - Countries identified by President George W. Bush in his 2002 State of the Union speech as the "  axis of evil " : Iran , Iraq and North Korea . 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito was seen mouthing the words "  not true " in response to President Obama 's 2010 State of the Union remarks about campaign finance .	At least 1 - Member of the president 's cabinet who does n't attend 1 - Times Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer has missed the speech since 1994 12 - Times FDR delivered a State of the Union address , the most of any president 22 - Number of guests hosted by first lady Michelle Obama in 2012
It took years and a good bit of detective work by art experts and scientists to unveil a painting hidden underneath Pablo Picasso 's 1901 masterpiece "  The Blue Room . " Using infrared technology , experts at The Phillips Collection in Washington discovered a portrait of a bearded man wearing a jacket and a bow tie , his face resting on his hand , with three rings on his fingers . Curators and conservators there have been working with a team of experts from the National Gallery of Art , Cornell University and the Winterthur Museum in Delaware to analyze the painting and try to identify the mystery man in the work . "  This painting ` The Blue Room ' is very important in  Picasso 's  early work . It 's considered an early Blue Period painting , " Patricia Favero , associate conservator at the Phillips , said of the period early in the artist 's career when he produced often melancholy , mostly monochromatic paintings in shades of blue . "  To find this painting underneath -- which we think was painted in the same year , just earlier in the year and it 's completely different in style -- it gives us some insight into Picasso 's development over the course of that year . " Picasso 's Blue Period was an experimental time during which the young artist was trying to figure out his style , Favero explained . Understanding more about the work that lies underneath this famed masterwork and others will help art historians learn more about Picasso 's development as a young artist . "  It just gives us a whole other body of work to look at , " she said . "  The Blue Room " has been part of The Phillips Collection since 1927 . For decades , experts have wondered whether the painting might hide another work . A 1954 letter from a conservator working with Duncan Phillips , the museum 's founder , noted a difference in the texture of the paint and his suspicion that there might be a painting underneath . Technology played a key role in uncovering the hidden portrait . When the painting was loaned to The National Gallery of Art in the 1990s , the gallery X-rayed the painting , revealing an image underneath . It was n't until 2008 , when more advanced infrared technology was available , that the Phillips was able to take a clearer picture , revealing the bearded mystery man . Picasso 's grandson raffles off painting to save ancient city "  We 've had infrared technology since the '50s or even before , and in the '90s we had fairly decent infrared technology , but the technology has certain improved over the last 10 or more years , " Favero said . "  The technology had improved such by 2008 that in our small lab , here with our little camera , we were able to get the image that you see . " The Phillips enlisted the help of scientists and Picasso experts who have been working since then to analyze the pigments and understand the different palettes of the painting and to confirm that it was painted by Picasso , Favero said . The team hopes to figure out who the man was , but because the portrait was painted early in Picasso 's career , before he began keeping records , identifying the subject could be difficult . "  This is turn of the century Paris . This is presumably in Montmartre where Picasso had the studio , and the challenges are if there 's no documentation existing to tell us -- a letter , even a drawing with an inscription -- the challenge is to find a picture , " Favero said . "  I 'm not sure what other documentation exists in terms of papers letter other drawings . We 've enlisted the help of other art historians and art experts to help us with that . " Picasso has been known to paint over his work before , possibly to save money or to paint over a work that had not sparked buyer interest . "  It was a period in his life when he was broke and he needed to repurpose canvasses , " The Phillips ' associate curator Susan Frank explained . "  Picasso is an artist who worked so quickly and had so many ideas that reusing these canvasses to capture a current idea was part of his process . " "  The Blue Room " is part of a tour to South Korea until early 2015 . The Phillips is planning an exhibition around "  The Blue Room " in 2017 . 16 artist hangouts you can still go to Ryan O'Neal can keep Farrah Fawcett portrait , jury says Owner of art collection suspected to contain Nazi loot dies U.S. stops sale of Picasso painting valued at $ 11.5 million	Pablo Picasso 's "  The Blue Room , " a 1901 masterpiece , is painted over a portrait of a man Suspicions of a hidden painting swirled for years , but technology had not caught up Experts are trying to figure out who the bearded man in the painting is
CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II reflected on a year of personal and Olympic celebration in a Christmas message Tuesday that emphasized serving others . "  This past year has been one of great celebration for many , " the 86-year-old monarch said in a videotaped message , reflecting on her Diamond Jubilee , which she called "  especially memorable for me and my family . " She added : "  It was humbling that so many chose to mark the anniversary of a duty which passed to me 60 years ago . " Photos : Diamond Jubilee celebrations Her message also cited "  a splendid summer of sport " with the London Olympic and Paralympic Games , which she called inspiring and filled with excitement and drama . The queen noted that Christmas celebrates God sending his only son "  to serve , not to be served . " "  He restored love and service to the center of our lives in the person of Jesus Christ , " she said . "  It is my prayer this Christmas Day that his example and teaching will continue to bring people together to give the best of themselves in the service of others . " Prince William : 30 years in photos	The queen 's Christmas message calls for service to others She mentions her Diamond Jubilee and the London Olympics as highlights of 2012 "  This past year has been one of great celebration for many , " the queen says Queen Elizabeth prays that Christ 's example and teaching inspire service
CNN  -- Take advantage of the long weekend with a jolt to your senses . We asked iReporters to share photos of their favorite theme park thrills .	Check out CNN.com readers ' theme park photos Or dip in on the world 's craziest water slides
CNN  -- A mother and her young son were at a mall , when she considered buying him a sandwich . She knew her husband would beat her later for spending the $ 7 , but her son was hungry . She swallowed her fear and bought the sandwich . I met a college professor with a PhD who told me that her husband took her paycheck every month and that she had to wear long sleeves in the summer to hide the bruises on her arms . When a person tells you these very personal , gut-wrenching stories , you ca n't help but be moved to act . Still , many people hear these stories and they ask , "  Why does she stay ? " I 've learned that getting away is never easy . There are children to consider . Emotional ties are hard to break . Oftentimes women simply do n't have the money because money is a weapon of choice for many domestic violence perpetrators . The National Network to End Domestic Violence reports that financial abuse almost always accompanies physical abuse and can be the primary obstacle to women breaking free from bondage . It works like this : A man  women are the victims in 85 % of cases  sets up a credit card in the woman 's name and does n't pay the bills , ruining the woman 's credit . The man forces the woman to put her paycheck into a bank account and wo n't give her access . He hides all financial documents and wo n't share passwords for websites . So , the woman often has no money , poor credit , and a limited understanding of her financial situation . Even if she is desperate to leave an abusive partner and has the courage to move to a local domestic violence shelter , she has no money for transportation , food or clothing . So , the right question is n't : "  Why does she stay ? " The right question is : "  How can we help her get safe and secure ? " Evidence shows that arming victims with the right tools and information can help . Victims need to protect and reclaim their financial resources , rebuild their credit and gain a complete understanding of their financial picture . According to a long-term study by The Center for Violence Against Women and Children at Rutgers University , abused women who participated in a financial education curriculum developed by The Allstate Foundation and the National Network to End Domestic Violence were twice as likely to take the financial steps necessary to rebuild their lives . The sheer scope of domestic violence overall in this country almost defies belief . Data from the Centers for Disease Control shows that one in four women will be a victim of domestic abuse in their lifetime . The CDC also reports that 2 million women are injured in the U.S. every year and that domestic abuse leads to 8 million lost days of work annually . Polling by the Allstate Foundation has shown that almost three quarters of us know a victim , even though few of us realize it . The U.S. Department of Justice has stated that approximately 1,300 die annually from domestic violence . The United States Conference of Mayors argues that it is the No. 1 cause of homelessness for women , and the violence scars millions of children each year who witness it . Yet , few want to talk about it because it is a dark and ugly subject . The NFL has given us all an opportunity to have deeper conversations about domestic violence . But it should n't take a high-profile incident in the news for us to rise up and take a stand against domestic violence . We must seize the opportunity to bring domestic violence and financial abuse out of the shadows and help women trapped in abusive relationships find the path to safety . Business needs to take domestic violence very seriously . We need more businesses to step up and play an active role in protecting women . Wherever possible , businesses should take into account extenuating circumstances such as domestic violence when considering credit histories and ratings . Companies should make sure employee benefit plans provide a helping hand when needed . Managers should be trained on how best to identify and support employees who are victims of abuse at home . In addition , all of us can rise up , including role models in sports and entertainment , academia , educators and concerned citizens . Only by pulling back the curtain and getting involved can we ensure that victims can escape to a safer and brighter future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Thomas Wilson : Money is a weapon of choice for those engaging in domestic violence He says often women do n't have the funds or credit to escape abusive relationships Business needs to be more supportive of victims of domestic violence , he says Wilson : NFL stories have raised the topic , but we need to do more to bring it out of shadows
CNN  -- The Hoh Rain Forest does n't let visitors see far into the trees . Its annual rainfall exceeds 12 feet , providing the fuel to grow thick canopied foliage that once stretched continuously from Alaska to Central California . But the Olympic peninsula is n't just home to some of the last slivers of temperate rain forest in North America . Eastward through the impenetrable trees stands glacier-capped Mount Olympus and to the west is Washington state 's rocky coast . Olympic National Park celebrated its 75th anniversary on June 29 . From the 600-foot deep Lake Crescent to the Douglas firs at Staircase , the park 's nearly one million acres is one of the last stretches of untouched wilderness in North America . Park stats : Olympic National Park was the seventh-most visited national park in 2012 . It has averaged nearly 3 million visitors a year since 2008 . The location : The park is on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington , about two and half hours northwest of Seattle . The Washington State Ferry system offers a variety of ways to access the Olympic Peninsula . William R. Fairchild International Airport , the closest airport to the park , is in Port Angeles , the closest city . If you go : Park admission is $ 15 a vehicle . Individual passes are $ 5  hiker , bicycle , motorcycle  and children 15 and younger are free . Passes are valid for seven days . Backcountry visitors must purchase a Wilderness Camping Permit . The cost is a $ 5 registration fee plus $ 2 for each camper . Reservations are required for camping in certain areas . Olympic National Park 's nearly 1 million acres consist of mountains , rain forest and beaches . Each area has unique weather patterns that can be unpredictable . Be sure to check tide charts and trail conditions before planning adventures . Meet our ranger : Barb Maynes is the public information officer at Olympic National Park . Originally from New Jersey , Maynes , 57 , says her infatuation with nature started earlier than she can remember because her family took yearly camping trips in national parks . When Maynes was 13 , they spent six weeks exploring national parks in the Southwest . At the Grand Canyon , Maynes says she befriended a ranger . "  He had quite a bit of patience with me , answered all the questions I had , " she says . "  By the end of the four days , I decided I wanted to be just like him when I grew up . " Maynes worked as an intern at Shenandoah National Park during college . After college , she applied to Grand Canyon "  on a lark " and was hired as a winter employee . She spent eight years working as a seasonal ranger in six national parks before landing her first permanent job at George Washington Birthplace National Monument . Maynes came to Olympic National Park in 1988 . "  Olympic has a little bit of everything , and it is extremely diverse , " she says . "  Whatever your mood is , you can do that here -- be on a mountain top , walk through a sheltered forest or walk on a beach . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Seeing the sunrise from Hurricane Ridge , driving along Lake Crescent , visiting the Hoh Rain Forest and heading toward the coast . "  Hoh  is the place where you can experience a temperate rain forest , and it 's a pretty rare sort of ecosystem , " she says . "  In spring , there are days when it really does look like the air is green . " Favorite less-traveled spot : An approximately seven-mile hike on the Grand Ridge Trail between Obstruction Point Road and Deer Park Road . Maynes said both roads are gravel and are at high elevations . They do not require a four-wheel-drive vehicle , she says , but do n't try driving an RV on them . "  They tend to have 10 to 12 feet of snow during the winter and do n't typically open until part way through the summer , so it 's really a treat to get out there , " she says . Favorite spot to view wildlife : Coastal tide pools during low tide . The pools feature a variety of wildlife including star fish and anemones . "  It 's kind of a whole new world and a whole new picture of wildlife , " she says . Most magical moment in the park : Fourth of July on Rialto Beach . Maynes went with friends to the beach to watch fireworks set off from the Quileute Indian Reservation  It is illegal to have fireworks in national parks  . As the fireworks began to wane , she noticed the waves started to glow with bioluminescence . "  Wherever we walked and put pressure on the sand , our footprints were glowing behind us , " she says . "  We  also  had these phenomenal natural fireworks that were happening in the water . " Funniest moment in the park : Stumbling upon a black bear in the Elwha Valley that was eating elk intestines like spaghetti noodles . "  I was thinking about bears , and I was thinking about how it was the time of year that you have a fairly good chance to see one because they are emerging from their dens , " she says . "  That was closer than I wanted to be to a bear . " Oddest moment at the park : Her daughter falling into a tree well while they were snowshoeing on Hurricane Ridge . Maynes says the winds that whip over Hurricane Ridge create massive snow drifts . But the snow does not accumulate at the base of trees , creating a well where you can sometimes see all the way to the ground around trees . "  I was trying to introduce her to being an outdoors gal , and we went up to have a closer look at the trees , " Maynes says . "  She said ` Mom , ' and I turned around and she was n't there . Thankfully , she was n't hurt . We do caution people to stay away from the tree wells . " A ranger 's request : Pack in anticipation of varying weather patterns . "  It might seem intuitive , " she says . "  But I think it 's a little hard to overestimate how changeable the weather is and to be really be prepared for anything . " Another park she 'd like to visit : Buck Island Reef National Monument in the Virgin Islands . The island is surrounded by a coral reef . "  It 's an area of the country that I have n't been and so that is very interesting to me . " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Olympic includes rain forests , snow-capped mountains and the Pacific coast Temperate rain forests once stretched from Alaska to Central California Lake Crescent was carved by a glacier and is 600 feet deep
CNN  -- Detroit elected Mike Duggan mayor Tuesday . And he 's white . Of course , he has numerous qualifications for the job -- experience as a hospital CEO , county executive , former prosecutor , etc. -- but in a city where four of five residents are African-American and no Caucasian has held the city 's highest office in almost four decades , the headline is that Duggan is white . The last white mayor to take the city 's helm was former sheriff and prosecutor Roman Gribbs , who served from 1970 to 1974 . Duggan , 55 , will replace outgoing Mayor Dave Bing after defeating his opponent , Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon , by a margin of 55 % to 45 % , according to CNN affiliates WXYZ and WDIV . His campaign slogan was "  Every neighborhood has a future , " and he ran on a platform of financial turnaround , crime reduction and economic development . He told the Detroit Free Press on Wednesday that his first priority will be cutting police response time . "  If you do n't feel safe in this community , people do n't want to live here and do n't want to open a business here , " he told the newspaper . He 'll have his work cut out in a city the FBI says saw 15,011 violent crimes and 386 murders last year . It also has more than 30,000 vacant buildings , WDIV reports , a telling mark of the fiscal crisis through which the city is struggling . It filed for bankruptcy in July . Duggan may have to operate through consensus until at least September , as Gov. Rick Snyder in March appointed Kevyn Orr to serve as emergency manager for at least 18 months . While Duggan told WDIV he 'd liked to "  shorten Kevyn Orr 's stay , " most of the authority in city matters lies with Orr while he 's emergency manager . Snyder has said that will be until Detroit emerges from bankruptcy and repairs its finances . Duggan 's campaign website touts his record of fiscal turnaround : As president and CEO of Detroit Medical Center , Duggan led the hospital to its first profit since 1997 ; as general manager of the SMART bus system , he eliminated the deficit and increased bus service by 50 % ; and as deputy Wayne County executive , he eliminated a $ 130 million deficit and assisted in creating 15 straight balanced budgets . The married father of two and former Wayne County prosecutor attended Detroit Catholic Central High School before graduating from the University of Michigan as an undergraduate and as a law student . Follow Eliott C. McLaughlin on Twitter : @CNNWriters	The last white mayor of Detroit was Roman Gribbs , who served from 1970 to 1974 The mayor-elect tells a newspaper his first priority will be cutting police response times FBI says there were 15,011 violent crimes , 386 homicides in Detroit last year Detroit is run by an emergency manager , whom governor appointed until September
CNN  -- A bus carrying Albanian university students plunged hundreds of feet into a ravine Monday , killing at least 12 people according to police . Rescuers were working Monday to free students who may be trapped inside the bus , located at the bottom of a deep ravine near the city of Himara , about 136 km  86 miles  south of the capital of Tirana . 19 killed in bus accident in Peru According to police , the driver of the private bus carrying about 49 female students from Aleksander Xhuvani University of Elbasan tried to stop the bus for some reason but failed . The vehicle left the road and fell 150 meters  492 feet  into ravine below . In addition to the dead , about two dozen students were badly injured , according to police . Journalist Auron Tare contributed to this report .	Bus carrying university students plummets into ravine in Albania , killing 12 At least 25 other students were badly injured Rescue efforts were continuing Monday , according to police
Washington  CNN  -- A budget deal reached last week to avert a government shutdown won approval Thursday from both the House and Senate , sending it to President Barack Obama for his signature . The measure cuts $ 38.5 billion in spending while funding the government for the rest of the current fiscal year , which ends September 30 . With its passage , the White House and Congress will now focus on what are expected to be more rancorous battles over a budget for fiscal year 2012 and the upcoming need to raise the federal debt limit . A final-hour agreement last Friday in talks involving Obama , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Speaker John Boehner included the spending cuts demanded by Republicans as a step toward controlling America 's skyrocketing debt . The measure passed the Republican-controlled House on a 260-167 vote . The bill would not have passed without support from members of both parties , as 59 members of the Republican majority opposed it , showing the challenge faced by Boehner in keeping his conservative Tea Party-infused caucus unified . amid politically perilous tax and spending negotiations with the Democrats . The House vote also reflected growing liberal angst and anger over the impending spending reductions . Only 81 Democrats backed the measure ; House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , voted no . In the Senate , the final vote was 81-19 . Under the deal , $ 38.5 billion would be from the budget including funding from a wide range of domestic programs and services such as high-speed rail , emergency first responders and the National Endowment for the Arts . As part of the agreement , Congress also voted Thursday on measures to de-fund Planned Parenthood and Obama 's health care overhaul . As expected , both passed the House and were defeated in the Democratic-controlled Senate . One point of concern for conservatives was a report released Wednesday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office showing that of the $ 38.5 billion in savings , only $ 352 million will actually be realized this fiscal year . Boehner insisted Thursday that all of the cuts will take effect eventually , but conceded that the analysis "  has caused some confusion " among House members . "  There are some who claim that the spending cuts in this bill ... are gimmicks , " he said on the House floor . "  I just think it is total nonsense . A cut is a cut . " Freshman Rep. Joe Walsh , R-Illinois , told CNN that the uproar "  certainly does n't help  Boehner 's  case and added that he would oppose the bill . "  I 'm disappointed , " he said . "  I just think we could have gotten more . " Regardless , the measure cleared Congress one day before the federal government 's current spending authorization expires . Negotiators narrowly avoided a partial government shutdown last week by agreeing to the deal and passing a short-term spending measure to give Congress time to review the agreement . In an interview Thursday with ABC News , Obama cited areas of agreement with Republicans in starting a process for reaching a deficit reduction agreement , but he conceded some deep-rooted differences will remain unresolved until after the 2012 elections . Obama repeated his theme from Wednesday 's speech on fiscal policy that America faces a choice between a budget-slashing Republican vision that will change how society functions and a revenue-raising Democratic vision that maintains the social safety net in place for decades . So far , both sides generally agree on seeking deficit cuts of $ 4 trillion over the next 10-12 years , Obama said , and they have similar thoughts on some areas for fiscal reform and spending reductions . At the same time , Republicans adamantly oppose Obama 's call for increasing tax revenue by ending Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and other reforms that would eliminate loopholes . In the end , Obama said , "  some of it will be settled by the American people in the election , and I think that is how democracy should work . " Earlier Thursday , Obama said that "  no matter how we may disagree between parties , no matter how much we spend time debating the issues , at some point we 're going to have to come together as Americans . " He spoke uring a meeting with former Sen. Alan Simpson , a Wyoming Republican , and former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles , the co-chairs of Obama 's deficit reduction commission that issued its report last December . As attention turns to larger battles over the fiscal year 2012 budget and raising the nation 's debt ceiling , Democrats and Republicans continued expressing widely differing positions designed to appeal to their respective political bases . House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin laid out the GOP 's vision last week when he unveiled his 2012 fiscal blueprint . The congressman 's plan , which he says would cut projected deficits by roughly $ 4.4 trillion over the next decade , calls for significant changes to Medicare and Medicaid -- two hugely popular entitlement programs . Under Ryan 's plan , Washington would eventually stop directly paying bills for senior citizens enrolled in Medicare . Instead , recipients would choose a plan from a list of private providers , which the federal government would subsidize . Medicaid , which provides health care for the disabled and the poor , would be transformed into a series of block grants to the states . Republicans believe state governments would spend the money more efficiently and would benefit from increased flexibility , while Democrats warn that such a move would shred the health care security provided to the most vulnerable Americans in recent generations . Ryan 's plan also would overhaul key portions of the tax code , dropping the top rate for individuals and businesses to 25 % while eliminating a number of loopholes . The House is expected to pass the Ryan proposal Friday . Senate Democrats , however , are certain to block the measure . Obama 's budget plan , outlined in Wednesday 's speech , aims to cut deficits by a combined $ 4 trillion over the next 12 years without significantly changing Medicare and Medicaid . The president 's plan includes a repeal of the Bush-era tax cuts on families making more than $ 250,000 annually -- something sought by Democrats but strongly opposed by Republicans . Obama also called for the creation of a "  debt fail-safe " trigger that would impose automatic across-the-board spending cuts and tax changes in coming years if annual deficits are on track to exceed 2.8 % of the nation 's gross domestic product . The president claimed that by building on or adjusting the health care reform bill passed last year , $ 480 billion would be saved by 2023 , followed by an additional $ 1 trillion in the following decade . He proposed tightly constraining the growth in Medicare costs starting in 2018 . The rhetoric over the two leaders ' respective plans has become increasingly heated in recent days . In the ABC interview , Obama framed what he called the two choices that will face voters in the 2012 vote . "  We ca n't get everything the government offers and not pay for it , " Obama said . "  Either we do n't pay for it , in which case we have a society that is not caring for our seniors the way it should , is not providing some basic security for people who really need it , and is not investing in the future . "  Or we can decide to continue on the path that has made us the greatest country on Earth , " the president continued . "  Make those investments . Have a basic social safety net . And we can do it without hurting the middle class or fundamentally changing these programs . " Earlier , Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer of New York said the Ryan plan would lower the tax rates on America 's wealthy to the lowest levels "  since 1931 when Herbert Hoover was president . " "  Talk about trying to turn back the clock , " said Schumer , who also pledged that "  no plan to end Medicare as we know it will ever , ever pass the Senate . " Ryan , meanwhile , ripped Obama on Thursday for using "  demagogic terms and comparisons . " The president 's plan is "  fundamentally unserious , " Ryan said . Obama has brought himself "  down to the level of the partisan mosh pit " and made it tougher for the two parties to reach an agreement , he said . Against that backdrop , Democrats and Republicans also have to contend with an impending vote to raise the nation 's debt ceiling . Congress needs to raise the limit before the federal government reaches its legal borrowing limit of $ 14.29 trillion later this year or risk a default that could result in a crashing dollar and spiraling interest rates , among other things . GOP leaders have stressed that any vote to raise the cap has to be tied to another round of spending cuts or fiscal reforms . The administration , in contrast , has called for a "  clean " vote on the cap , which would raise the limit without adding any conditions . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney has warned that trying to force the issue would be tantamount to playing a game of "  chicken " with the economy . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Tom Cohen , Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : Obama tells ABC that some fiscal issues wo n't get resolved before the 2012 vote Congress passes the budget measure for the rest of the FY2011 Democrats and Republicans remain at sharp odds over the fiscal year 2012 budget The two parties also have to reach an agreement over raising the debt ceiling
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- The world needs a "  global New Deal " to haul it out of the economic crisis it faces , Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom said Sunday . Gordon Brown addresses a press conference following a G20 preparatory meeting in Berlin , Sunday . "  We need a global New Deal -- a grand bargain between the countries and continents of this world -- so that the world economy can not only recover but ... so the banking system can be based on ... best principles , " he said , referring to the 1930s American plan to fight the Great Depression . Brown was speaking as the leaders of Europe 's biggest economies met to try to forge a common position on the global financial crisis ahead of a major summit in London in April . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the world 's response to the global financial meltdown had to be profound and long-lasting , not just tinkering around the edges . "  Europe wants to see an overhaul of the system . We all agree on that . We 're not talking about superficial measures now or transitional measures -- we 're talking about structural measure , which need to be taken , " he said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , the host of the meeting , urged nations of the world to work together to fight the problem . "  Confidence can only be restored if people in our countries feel that we are pulling in the same direction and have understood that we really must learn lessons from this crisis , " she said . And she proposed that a new institution grow out of the crisis , "  which will take on more responsibility for global -LSB- financial -RSB- mechanisms . " The Europeans say they have agreed international financial markets must be regulated more thoroughly . That also means stricter rules for hedge funds and credit-rating agencies . European and world leaders have been holding frequent summits as they struggle to cope with a financial crisis that has affected banks , homeowners , businesses and employees around the world . London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April . The G-20 includes the G-7 leading industrialized nations -- Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States -- as well as the world 's largest developing economies : Argentina , Australia , Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea and Turkey , plus the European Union . The managing director of the International Monetary Fund and the president of the World Bank , plus the chairs of the International Monetary and Financial Committee and Development Committee of the IMF and World Bank , also participate in G-20 meetings . CNN Bureau Chief Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report	UK PM Gordon Brown : World needs "  global New Deal " to haul it out of crisis Brown was referring to the 1930s American plan to fight the Great Depression Europe 's leaders meet to try to forge a common position on the global financial crisis London will host a meeting of the Group of 20 nations in April
CNN  -- Russia 's policies on foreign adoptions made headlines when the government announced it would no longer allow Americans to adopt Russian children . But hidden away in Russian orphanages are thousands of children with disabilities who are n't orphans , whose harmful treatment has long been hidden from public view -- even from most Russians . When I visited a Russian orphanage last year as part of a human rights investigation , a volunteer led me to a crib where a boy under 3 feet tall , wearing a diaper , smiled at us . "  This is Roman , " she said . "  He 's 18 years old . He has Down syndrome . " Roman reached for me to pick him up and I felt his protruding ribs . I could hardly believe he was 18 . Yet the birthdates labeling the cribs of other equally frail and undersized children revealed that most were also teenagers with conditions including Down syndrome , cerebral palsy , and blindness . In fact , well over 165,000 children live in Russia 's state orphanages for children with disabilities , comprising nearly 50 % of the country 's orphanage population . A 2012 report by an international children 's advocacy organization noted that of 10 countries surveyed , Russia had the highest rate of children living in institutional care . The vast majority of children with disabilities living in Russian state orphanages have living parents , but many children are there after doctors gave parents dire assessments of their child 's prospects for development . State orphanages are typically geographically isolated , and children living there are often cut off from their families and communities and from the variety of experiences available to other children , such as attending school . It is also often difficult for anyone not living or formally employed in these institutions to visit -- even children 's parents . I spoke with parents of institutionalized children with disabilities who told me that staff discouraged them from regularly visiting their children or taking children home for weekend visits , on the basis that too much attention would "  spoil " children and make it difficult for them to readjust to institutional routines . I visited 10 orphanages across Russia , gaining access to those few institutions where staff were willing to let me in . I spoke with children and activists who are fighting to protect their rights , and I learned that life in institutions , and the neglect , isolation and even violence it can entail , are what rob children of potential . In most orphanages I visited , staff relegated children they deemed to be "  too disabled to learn , " to separate wards where they lay in cribs with little attention except to change their diapers or adjust their feeding tubes . Members of staff used rags to tie many children 's heads , limbs and torsos to their cribs or other furniture , or sedated children to prevent them from trying to leave their rooms or from knocking their heads against crib railings . Orphanage staff told me many children forgot how to walk after months of being tied up or confined . It is tempting to attribute these children 's conditions to lack of material resources , yet that was not the issue . I saw playrooms with new dolls , books and games arranged out of children 's reach . I saw wheelchairs stacked in hallways , while children who could have been on the playground lay in their cribs . One activist told me that the majority of children with disabilities in Russian orphanages receive little or no education . Due to such a lack of attention , education , health care and adequate nutrition , children 's disabilities grow more pronounced , or children develop new impairments . Psychologists and other child development specialists agree that life in institutions contributes to physical underdevelopment , stunted intellectual development , and difficulties forming stable relationships . Violence that children may experience in institutions can lead to severe developmental delays , additional disabilities , and irreversible psychological harm . The reality is that the sooner children are moved out of orphanages and into families , the better their chances of making up for lost time . I met many Russian children with disabilities whose birth , foster , or adoptive parents raised them to be active , happy children , despite the gloomy predictions of doctors and adoption officials . School-age children who could neither walk nor talk learned to do so after loving parents adopted them or took them home and marshaled resources for them to study and receive health care . Russia 's international human rights obligations include ensuring that children are not separated from their parents against their will , and protecting children from all forms of violence and neglect . The government has taken steps in this direction , including a strategy outlining plans to reduce the use of institutional care and curb child abandonment during 2012-2017 . But this and other federal policies lack clear plans for implementation . As I undertook my research , I met social workers , psychologists and disability rights experts who tell parents of newborns with disabilities about positive examples of families who have raised children with disabilities . I visited organizations that provide these families with services such as parents ' support groups . And I met activists who shepherd prospective Russian foster and adoptive parents through bureaucratic red tape so they can take children home . So many of the children I saw would be better served if the government focused on maintaining a network of support services to keep children with their families and in their communities , rather than rely on what is currently an abusive orphanage system . There is a network of caring people already . What it needs is government support and the will to make this happen .	Andrea Mazzarino : Many nonorphan kids with disabilities in Russian orphanages State orphanages are typically geographically isolated , she says Lack of attention , adequate nutrition make disabilities grow more pronounced , she says
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House of Representatives Thursday overwhelmingly passed a new version of the Stolen Valor Act , a bill aimed at people who lie about receiving military medals and then attempt to profit from the deception . The first version of the Stolen Valor Act was struck down by the Supreme Court as a violation of the First Amendment . Justices dismiss law making lying about military honors a crime The bill focuses not on people who lie about having medals they did n't earn , but on any profits they make from lying about the medals , which is essentially criminal fraud . Rep. Joe Heck  R-Nevada  sponsored the new bill . His office issued a release saying the bill passed by a vote of 410-3 . Heck said in a floor speech this week that the bill would survive judicial review because it resolves the "  constitutional issues by clearly defining that the objective of the law is to target and punish those who misrepresent the alleged service with the intent of profiting personally or financially . " The bill targets those who falsely claim to have earned certain major military decorations , including the Medal of Honor , Distinguished Service Cross , Navy Cross , Air Force Cross , Silver Star , Purple Heart or a medal signifying you served in combat . A similar bill is moving through the Senate , but has not reached a floor vote yet . The Medal of Honor : What is it ?	The bill is aimed at people who lie about military honors then try to profit from the lie An earlier version was struck down as a violation of the First Amendment This version keys on the element of trying to make money from the deception A similar bill is moving through the Senate
CNN  -- If you love movies there is a different , and perhaps pleasingly preferable , way to spend Sunday evening other than watching the Academy Awards presentation . This will involve answering a three-part movie question . More on that in a moment . It has always been a little puzzling : why people reflexively flock to their television sets for awards programs , the Academy Awards being the oldest and most prominent . Why spend long hours watching people giving other people prizes ? If you liked some of the movies that came out last year , that 's fine and good -- but if you bought a pair of shoes that you liked last year , would you spend a Sunday evening in the only life you 'll ever lead observing shoe manufacturers presenting awards to each other ? A Reuters/Ipsos poll released last week reported that 67 % of Americans have n't seen any -- not even one -- of the movies nominated for Best Picture at this year 's Oscars . That would seem to indicate a certain indifference , yet millions of people will be sitting in front of their TV sets Sunday . There is an alternate , and arguably more fulfilling , way for film lovers to affirm their appreciation for the magic of movies on Academy Awards night . From the time the multitude of pre-Oscars specials and red carpet coverage begins on various television channels late Sunday afternoon to the time the last of the post-Oscars analysis goes off the air , enough hours will pass for you to watch three feature films . We are in the golden age of being able to see , at home , the most outstanding movies ever made from every era of film history . It used to be , if you wanted to watch any movie other than what was currently in theaters , you were pretty much at the mercy of the over-the-air broadcast networks or of local stations that sometimes ran old movies very late at night . But today , with Netflix , with Amazon Prime , with various streaming services , with YouTube , with iTunes , with classic-movie channels such as TCM , with DVRs , with tablets , you have an unprecedented opportunity to all-but-effortlessly program your own home theater with wonderful movies from every era of cinema . The variety is breathtaking and endless . Sometimes we take that for granted . Roger Ebert , before he became a television presence and was still a young newspaper movie critic , used to urge his colleagues at the paper to accompany him to a seen-better-days theater in Chicago called the Clark . It was operated by a fellow named Bruce Trinz , who revered movies and who , every day of the year , would book a different double feature of classic , long-out-of-general-release films . At the beginning of every month he would mail out a leaflet with a calendar of each day 's movies  he would describe them in rhyming couplets  . He selected and showed 730 movies a year ; the Clark was open 22 hours a day . It was a rare chance to immerse yourself in the best of movies from down through the generations . The Clark Theater is long gone , but today each person has far more movie-programming choices than the Clark ever offered . You are able to routinely stumble across movies that have n't seen the inside of a theater in years , but that can jolt you with their moments of brilliance and insight into the human condition and the mysteries of the yearning heart . Or you can just sit back and enjoy the talent and artistry in front of you ; each motion picture , by its nature , offers its own enchantments , and the fact that people today can so easily make individual choices about what to see democratizes the viewing experience in a way that simply was not possible until recent decades . Years ago , when the idea of such choices sounded like a fantasy , I asked people to hypothetically consider what would happen if they were stranded on a desert island for the rest of their lives with only a movie projector and five films . What movies could they stand to watch over and over , with nothing else to keep them company ? But now the options for people deciding on their own what to view are real , and , just as significant , they 're infinite . So , as the Academy Awards ceremonies approach , here is a cordial invitation : Name the three movies that , for you , would make the perfect triple feature to watch tonight . Movies that you 've seen during your lifetime that have meant the most to you . Your choices do n't necessarily have to be your nomination for the three greatest or most important or influential movies ever made  although they certainly could be  . Just three movies that , tonight , you think would do for you the thing that movies have always done best : bring pleasure and entertainment , provoke thoughts , provide inspiration or laughter or comfort or tears . In other words : three movies to watch back-to-back-to-back tonight that will serve , better than the Academy Awards , to remind you of why you started to love movies in the first place . If you 'd like , feel free to include the reasons why : What is it about your three movies that make them feel absolutely right to you ? My own triple feature for tonight ? I think I 'll go with "  High Noon , " the 1952 Western starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly , about the power of quiet courage when it seems there 's no one in the world willing to help ; "  Hoosiers , " the 1986 movie starring Gene Hackman , about a basketball team in small-town Indiana that triumphs over every obstacle ; and "  That Thing You Do ! " , the deliriously joyful 1996 movie written and directed by Tom Hanks , about a one-hit-wonder rock band from Erie , Pennsylvania , that briefly , in 1964 , makes it to the top of the charts . Your three movies will be different . But if you decide to spend Academy Awards night watching them , by the end of the evening you will be the one who feels rewarded . And you wo n't even have to stand up and thank your agent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Why spend long hours watching people giving other people prizes ? Greene : Yet millions of people will watch the Academy Awards show on Sunday night He says instead , pick three movies that have meant the most to you for a triple feature Greene : They will remind you of why you started to love movies in the first place
CNN  -- "  American Idol " Season 14 will look a lot like last season -- at least in terms of the judges and the host . Fox has announced that the entire Season 13 crew will return . That means host Ryan Seacrest and judges Jennifer Lopez , Keith Urban and Harry Connick Jr. will all be back witnessing some of the best , and worst , of America 's singers . "  I am thrilled our consummate host , Mr. Ryan Seacrest , is returning for Season 14 , together with Jennifer , Harry and Keith , " "  Idol " creator and executive producer Simon Fuller said . "  Their interaction , warmth and experience made them an absolute joy to watch . I ca n't wait to see their evolution together continue next season . " The reality singing competition has had some upheaval at the judges table over the past few years as it 's struggled with faltering ratings and the lack of any competitors who have reached the heights in the music industry of former winners Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood . Lopez initially joined the show in Season 10 , but left following Season 11 . Season 12 was rife with rumors of a feud between then judges Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj . Urban joined the show that season , replacing rocker Steven Tyler . Ryan Seacrest is the only member that has been with "  Idol " since it premiered in 2002 .	The whole team will be returning for Season 14 Judges have changed over the years Ryan Seacrest has been with show since beginning
Washington  CNN  -- It won an Academy Award , made people forget "  Gigli " when they think Ben Affleck , and now the movie "  Argo " may even pull off another feat -- help move legislation through Congress . Ex-Iran hostages hope ` Argo ' win boosts quest for reparations The frustrated Foreign Service officer on the phone as the U.S. embassy in Iran was under assault at the beginning of "  Argo " was in real life John Limbert . "  That part of it was quite real . I mean , very much speeded-up but quite real , " Limbert said from his home in suburban Washington . The keepsakes and collages on the walls of Limbert 's study constantly remind him of his harrowing 444 days as a hostage in Iran 34 years ago . Not that he would ever forget . But for most people in America , the Iran hostage crisis was a distant memory until "  Argo " brought it all back . Iran to add lawsuit over ` Argo ' to cinematic response Unlike the six Americans who hid with the Canadian ambassador who were the focus of "  Argo , " Limbert was one of the 52 Americans held -- and tortured -- by Iranians for 14 months . "  I had a gun to my head , I was in solitary for nine months , " recalled Limbert , who said that as a political officer at the embassy , he was not beaten and physically tortured as much as CIA officers were . "  Ten minutes before this happened , I was thinking about what 's going to happen in Iran , what 's going to happen to the left , what 's going to happen to the right , what 's going to happen with the former Shah , what 's going to happen with U.S. relations . All the things that , sort of , all the inside the Beltway stuff that we think about . "  Ten minutes later , all that was gone , " he continued . "  That did n't matter at all , and I thought about only one thing ... Get me out of here . How am I going to get out ? How am I going to get out of here ? And frankly , I did n't care what it took . " He was subjected to the mock executions depicted in "  Argo . " "  They came in at 2 in the morning with , I think , masks and guns , pulled us out together to a place , lined us up against the wall , started chambering rounds into their guns , yelling orders . We did n't know what was going to happen ... I thought we were gone , " Limbert said . When Limbert and his fellow hostages were finally freed on January 20 , 1981 , they learned the U.S. government gave up something big in return : As part of the Algiers Accords agreed to a day earlier , the hostages were barred from suing Iran in U.S. court to seek compensation for their ordeal . Decades of court challenges have gone nowhere and appeals to administrations in both parties have failed . The Obama administration has said it stands by the promise in the Algiers Accords not to sue Iran . Now , Sen.Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , is pushing legislation to get the former hostages financial reward in a different way . He wants to put a surcharge on fines against companies that violate sanctions against Iran and use that money to create a compensation fund . Isakson says the popularity of "  Argo ' is helping . "  A lot of people have seen it . They understand the abject horror that these people went through . I think most everybody will identify with the crisis and the suffering these people went through , and hopefully it will give us the impetus and the momentum to see to it that all these many years they 're actually compensated for their treatment , " Isakson said . His bill would allow hostages to get $ 10,000 a day for each day of captivity , which comes to $ 4.4 million total for each hostage . Isakson argues that finally compensating the hostages will send a message to Iran and to U.S. personnel around the world , especially after four were killed at the U.S. consulate in Libya . "  It just magnified that our diplomats overseas in harm 's way day in and day out are in constant danger , " Isakson said about the Benghazi attack . "  They need to also know that if they get violated , if they are captured , if they are tortured , that we 'll have their back -- that America will stand strong for them . " After Limbert was freed , he returned to the foreign service for the rest of his career . He knew Ambassador Chris Stevens , who was one of the four killed in Benghazi . "  He was one of our best . What a tragic loss , from him and the others who were there . They need protection . There has to be protection , and also there has to be accountability for what goes on , " he said . Limbert acknowledges that getting compensation from companies that violate sanctions against Iran is not ideal , but says decades of failed attempts to get direct accountability from Iran make him and other former hostages believe it is not in the cards . But he argues Iran needs to get the message once and for all that storming a U.S. Embassy and holding Americans hostage for more than a year has consequences . "  The message has been so far , frankly , has been to the Islamic Republic : You got away with it . You can do these things and there are no consequences . Well , what kind of message does that send on a moral level , on a human level , and on a political level ? If someone can get away with this , they can get away with worse . What kind of a foreign policy do you run ? What kind of a moral policy do you run when people can do something as outrageous as this , as shameful as this , that something violates every principle , not just of international law and conventions ? " Isakson now has a Democratic co-sponsor , Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , so the effort is now bipartisan . Still , Democratic Senate sources say the legislation will likely need to be tweaked before Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , will move it through his committee . For example , $ 4.4 million appears excessive to some lawmakers . But Limbert agrees with Isakson that the climate is now different thanks to "  Argo . " "  Before the film came out and before this renewed interest , we frankly had difficulty getting anyone to listen to our case , " Limbert said . "  We got expressions of sympathy , we got , you know , praise for our bravery , our service to our country . But frankly , that 's not what we were looking for , " he said .	Iran hostage crisis was a distant memory for many until the film ` Argo ' brought it all back 34 years ago , 52 Americans were held and tortured by Iranians for 14 months Ex-hostage : "  I had a gun to my head , I was in solitary for nine months " Bipartisan legislation aims to get compensation for former hostages
Tucked inside the defense authorization bill that the Senate passed Friday was an unrelated public lands package that 's set to bring the biggest expansion to the National Park Service in decades . Despite some conservative opposition -- a chorus that skewered the legislation as a pork-barrel land grab -- the measure also establishes thousands of acres of new wilderness areas . The bill designates seven sites as official national park units , many of which place a special emphasis on history , such as Manhattan Project work sites in New Mexico , Tennessee and Washington State . Grand Canyon , other national parks could cost more Sites in New York related to Harriet Tubman 's life will be added as a park unit , and parts of the Underground Railroad in Maryland will be formally named a part of the National Park Service . Tule Springs Fossil Beds outside of Las Vegas is set to become a national monument , preserving its thousands of fossils that show traces of Ice Age mammoths , bison , and American lions . "  This legislation clearly demonstrates that Congress and the administration are making national parks a national priority , " said Clark Bunting , president of National Parks Conservation Association . Untamed wilderness in the Tetons The legislation also expands nine national park sites -- such as the Apostle Islands , Oregon Caves National Monument , and Gettysburg National Military Park -- and extends funding for 15 national heritage areas . All told , roughly 120,000 acres will be newly managed by the park service , and the number of official park units will jump from 401 to 408 . That many acres may not sound like a lot - Alaska 's Denali National Park alone is six million acres - but it 's the single largest package of park units approved since an omnibus parks bill in 1978 that authorized 14 new units . In addition to new park units , the bill also establishes 245,000 acres of new wilderness land , nearly half of which was already being managed by federal employees . Summer in the park : Great Smoky Mountains While the bill passed with bipartisan support , it did not come without drama . Thirty-two Republicans voted against the defense authorization package in the House last week , in part because of its inclusion of park and wilderness provisions . On the Senate side , just hours before the final vote on Friday , Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , took to the floor to call for the public lands provisions to be stripped from the defense bill , saying the expansion was a "  disastrous idea " because any new funding needs to go towards improving the current parks system . "  Our parks are falling apart . There 's $ 12 billion backlog on our most pristine , greatest national monuments and parks , " he said , referring to the National Park Service 's coffers . "  We should preserve what we 've already invested in . " Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , argued in a floor speech Wednesday that drafters of the legislation "  egregiously " forced the public lands provisions in the package through a "  distorted legislative process . " Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , called it an "  extreme " land grab and urged the House and Senate not to pass it . "  With the military 's shrinking budget , it is offensive that this bill would be used to fund congressional pork , " he said in a statement last week . Kristen Brengel , senior director of legislation and policy , at the NPCA , argued that much of the parks land is already owned by the government and is merely changing management . Millions flocked to national parks last year , despite shutdown The Bureau of Land Management , for example , oversees Tule Springs , but will soon be run by the National Park Service . The Department of Energy owns Manhattan Project sites . And the federal government owns Valles Caldera National Preserve but the location is currently managed by a special trust . The legislation also includes some concessions for Republicans , including 110,000 acres of federal land being released into private or state control through conveyances , exchanges or sales .	Congress passed major parks and wilderness legislation It 's the largest expansion for the National Park Service in decades While the bill had bipartisan support , it underwent some turbulence by conservatives
CNN  -- Like many immigrant parents of Central American children who cross the U.S.-Mexico border alone , Elva Marroquin Rosales is now in agony over what became of her two small youngsters who dared to enter the United States illegally by crossing Rio Grande River . For two or three weeks , the Los Angeles area mother heard nothing about her son Angel , 10 , and daughter Dulce , 7 . It 's a silence many Central American families in the United States endure , wondering for weeks or even months if their child is alive or dead . Then , Marroquin finally heard word about two weeks ago : she received a phone call from an "  immigration " official in Texas who desperately sought the mother 's voice in order to calm her two sobbing children , who were apparently in a detention facility . At last , Marroquin knew they were at least alive . She soothed her children , but then the June 8 phone call went dead . "  My children were heartbroken , sad , tearful , crying beyond comparison , begging me to take them out of there , " Marroquin , 25 , said . "  Their begging was so distressing because I could n't run to get them . " Since then , Marroquin has been unable to track down the detention facility in Texas that called her , and now the angst of her children 's absence goes on , day after day . Her son told her a painful rash was stinging his body . "  I wanted to run and tell him , ` Son , I 'm here and you have me here , ' but I simply could n't . I cried and asked God to look after them , " said Marroquin , who lives in Rialto , California . Marroquin 's ongoing saga is the other half of what families experience when children , some as young as age 5 , cross the border alone , with siblings or with other children as they become part of a disturbing new tactic to enter the United States illegally . Marroquin has now been waiting a total of one month for an official notice about her children 's status . "  To be together with them and hugging them and telling them , ' I love you , ' it will be worth the wait and the sacrifice , " Marroquin said . Risking all It 's a high-risk mission that imperils a family 's most precious asset -- and an experience shared by other parents and relatives of tens of thousands of Central American children . Many children become victims of crime or sex abuse during their unchaperoned journey . If the child successfully enters the country illegally , the reward for families and parents such as Marroquin is an emotional reunion of a high order . In Marroquin 's case , she and her husband have been living in the United States for six years and now have an 8-month-old baby , their third child , whom the two older siblings have n't met face-to-face . The mother has n't seen her two eldest children in person during those six years . She kept in touch with them online , through video chats on Skype . Marroquin hopes U.S. officials will call her again soon so her family can be reunited . But such U.S. reunions are being discouraged by federal officials , who are now streamlining bureaucracy so that the government can hasten the deportations of the children , to separate them again from their U.S.-based families . At the same time , the U.S. government is providing several million dollars in additional support for the three main Central American countries -- El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras -- to receive and repatriate migrant children and other deportees , the White House said Friday . Besides the peril of crossing the desert or waterways along the border , the children are finding their eventual arrest and detention as equally distressful : U.S. processing and detention facilities are designed more for adults than minors and offer poor living conditions for children . "  It is also hazardous to send a child into South Texas to a processing center , " Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson stated last week . "  A processing center -- and a number of us here have seen them ourselves -- are no place for children , and to put a child into hands of a criminal smuggling organization is not safe either . "  I would encourage no parent to send their child or send for their child through this process , " Johnson said . But Central American families take the risk any way , with private hopes that somehow they can obtain legal residency some day -- though the Obama administration warns that the unaccompanied children or mothers with children wo n't benefit from any proposed immigration reforms or a deferred deportation policy for young immigrants called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . Central American treatment What makes Central American children an exceptional case is how U.S. also favors them over other children arrested at the border : Mexican children are deported immediately , but the other Latin American children are detained and then put in the care of parents or relatives in the United States . They are then assigned a court date , but union leaders of the U.S. Border Patrol agents say many families skip the court dates , and the children join America 's population of 11 million undocumented immigrants . Often fleeing drug and gang violence in their home countries , the children take buses from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala , and when they reach the U.S.-Mexico border , they cross alone , with siblings or in groups of children , according to families . In Marroquin 's case , her children were chaperoned by a relative on the bus rides from Chimaltenango , Guatemala , but when they reached the U.S. border , the two children joined a group of other minors , some with mothers , and crossed the Rio Grande River , Marroquin said . Marroquin offered some insight into why families allow children to take such unaccompanied risks : A smuggler charges $ 8,000 to guide two children to the border , but then asks for $ 7,000 more to escort them across , for a total of $ 15,000 . Marroquin said she did n't use a smuggler , or so-called coyote , and instead relied on a family member to bring the children to the riverbank . To reduce the inflow , the U.S. government is providing millions of dollars in aid to the three Central American countries to combat violence at home : $ 40 million for Guatemala , $ 25 million for El Salvador , and $ 18.5 million for Honduras , the White House said . In the meantime , U.S. agencies are taking a disaster-like approach to what the White House calls the "  urgent situation " of unaccompanied minors crossing into the United States . On Friday , Vice President Joe Biden met with Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina to discuss the massive migration of children from there . Biden also spoke by phone with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on his way to Guatemala to discuss a regional strategy to reduce the migration . At the same time , Homeland Security Secretary Johnson was scheduled to travel Friday to Texas to review the U.S. response to the crisis . A Salvadoran mother 's wait On average , apprehended child migrants under age 18 spend 35 days in U.S. custody and holding facilities , said Kenneth J. Wolfe , a deputy director of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , which provides the care and placement for such children . But some parents , such as one El Salvador immigrant mother in Los Angeles , had to wait so long that they began to wonder if they would ever see their child again . The mother asked to be identified only by her first name , Ana , because she fears for the safety of her two children . Her 12-year-old son , Henry , and 9-year-old daughter , Estefania , left El Salvador with their grandmother in December , and the three arrived in Mexico on December 24 , Ana said . In early January , the grandmother hired a smuggler in Mexico to take the two children to the Rio Grande River and point them to Texas , Ana said . The grandmother last saw her two grandchildren in the company of other children , some with mothers , near the river , Ana said . It 's unclear how far the smuggler may or may not have accompanied the children across the Rio Grande , Ana said . Two weeks later , Ana received a phone call from a U.S. immigration official . The good news was the official had Ana 's children in custody . The bad news was her son was crying , and the federal worker asked the mother to speak to her son . "  All I told my son is to calm down , that everything will be okay , " Ana said . Then , "  the call got cut off , and they did n't call me back , " she said . Said son Henry in a recent interview : "  When I talked to my mom , I told her where I was , and she said not to worry and the phone got cut off . " A month later , HHS social workers called Ana : at last , they arranged for Ana to pick up her kids at Los Angeles International Airport . The rendezvous occurred in February . "  This was the longest wait for my life . I did n't know nothing -- how they were , if they ate or not , " the mother said . "  When I saw them , I felt happy . They ran and hugged me and my daughter cried and I did , too , and that was it . "  Now that my kids are here . It 's worth that risk , " the mother said . Her two children seemed to agree -- though Estefania says she misses her grandmother , who raised them the past six years and is now back in El Salvador . "  Ever since I 've been here my mom has taken us to different places , she has bought us toys , and she has taken us to really cool places , " Estefania said . "  I 'm happy to be here because it 's different . " Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station Daniel 's journey : How thousands of children are creating a crisis in America	Parents wait for weeks wondering if their child survived a border crossing A Guatemalan immigrant mother has been in agony for a month Immigration officials often call mothers so that they can calm down crying children But those calls are abruptly cut without any official information on whereabouts
Financial Times  -- The collapse of Graff Diamonds ' $ 1bn initial public offering in Hong Kong highlights the challenges facing groups that hope to list in Asia in the coming months . The high-end jeweller is the third company in the past week to pull a Hong Kong IPO , after China - Nonferrous Mining Corp , a copper producer , and China Yongda Automobiles Services , a car dealer , also scrapped deals . Formula One , Bernie Ecclestone 's motor racing group , last night signalled a delay in its $ 3bn IPO in - Singapore , which had been planned for next month . The move came days after Ascendas Hospitality Trust postponed a $ 630m IPO in the city state because of "  challenging market conditions " , with global stocks falling more than 8 per cent over the past month . In the US , confidence in IPOs has been badly shaken by Facebook , whose shares have lost more than a quarter of their value since the social network raised $ 16bn from investors . While deals are falling apart left , right and centre , the failure of Graff to complete its large , high-profile IPO is a big blow to the Hong Kong market , according to dealmakers . Unlike recent scrapped offerings in small and unloved sectors such as resources , Graff was a big prospect in a hot sector . "  This is more damaging -LSB- than the other failed deals -RSB- because it 's consumerism and consumer stuff had continued to perform well , " says one dealmaker . "  It 's a real sign that the markets really are not open for deals . " Bucking the trend , Felda , the Malaysian palm oil group , on Thursday unveiled the prospectus for its $ 3bn listing on the Bursa Malaysia stock exchange . Graff 's failure is a warning sign for companies planning to issue equity in coming weeks . Philippe Espinasse , author of IPO : A Global Guide , said : "  Such a high-profile deal being pulled will certainly mean that issuers will now be even more cautious before launching their IPOs . " Mr Espinasse added that many companies planning offerings would need to "  revise their ambitions in terms of valuation " and would be advised to secure cornerstone investors and anchor orders ahead of launch . Graff did not sign up cornerstone investors for its deal . Cornerstones are large investors who commit to buying a certain number of shares before the IPO is launched in exchange for a guaranteed allotment in the deal . Analysts say Graff 's shares were expensive compared with other luxury groups such as Richemont , and that its lack of brand recognition among many investors was another problem . Other groups "  premarketing " IPOs in Hong Kong at the moment include Inner Mongolia Yitai Coal , Chinalco Mining Corp International and Huadian Fuxin Energy Corp. . Dealmakers says some of these deals are likely to be withdrawn or postponed unless markets recover substantially . In depth Sany Heavy , a Chinese machinery maker , is planning a $ 2bn share sale in the city in the coming months , according to dealmakers , having scrapped a $ 3.3 bn listing last September . Some 46 companies have withdrawn or postponed IPOs worth a total $ 7.7 bn in Asia in 2012 , according to Thomson Reuters . Hong Kong , the world 's biggest centre for listings in 2010 and 2011 , has dropped to fourth place this year , after Nasdaq , New York , and Shenzhen . Hong Kong listings have totalled $ 3.2 bn this year , according to Dealogic , compared with $ 35bn for the whole of 2011 . Investors in the city have been burnt by the poor performance of many deals over the past few years . Shares in Chow Tai Fook , for example , have fallen almost a third since the jeweller listed in Hong Kong late last year . Singapore 's SGX exchange has attracted six IPOs this year including Bumitama Agri , another Malaysian palm oil producer , and , last week , Swee Hong , a construction and tunnelling company in Singapore . Magnus BÃ ¶ cker , SGX chief executive , said : "  While we do not disclose our IPO pipeline , it remains healthy and a number of companies are ready to come to the market when conditions are right . " After the Graff and Ascendas withdrawals , investors were keeping a close eye on whether F1 would press ahead with its planned float . Plans last year by Manchester United to list in Singapore were put on ice shortly after the football club notified the exchange of its intent to seek a listing , due to poor market conditions . Additional reporting by Jeremy Grant in Singapore © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Graff Diamonds s the third company in the past week to pull a Hong Kong IPO Highlights the challenges facing groups that hope to list in Asia in coming months
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The Supreme Court just did Latinos and African-Americans a big favor . It showed the two minority groups most impacted by affirmative action the writing on the wall and prodded them to end their crippling dependence on a program that , while intended to help them when it was designed a half-century ago , now arguably does them harm . On the surface , with its lopsided 7-to-1 ruling in Fisher v . The University of Texas , the Supreme Court resolved to do not that much . The justices ducked the weightier constitutional concerns involved in the issue of whether colleges and universities can take an applicant 's race or ethnicity into account . But they did scold the lower courts for their handling of the case and demand that they give the facts and the law another look . Writing for the majority , Justice Anthony Kennedy pointed out that the Supreme Court had previously set a standard of "  strict scrutiny " -- by which the burden lies on institutions of higher learning to show that they could n't have gotten where they wanted to go in terms of achieving a diverse student body by using "  race-neutral alternatives . " The lower courts did n't hold the University of Texas at Austin to that standard , Kennedy said , and so they need a do-over . The court 's four most conservative justices agreed with Kennedy , but so did Justices Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor , who are more liberal . Let 's give the majority of the justices some credit for not getting too carried way with the notion of victimhood . They could have suggested , along with Justice Clarence Thomas , that Abigail Fisher -- the onetime applicant to the University of Texas at Austin who was at the center of the case -- is the modern-day equivalent of those African-Americans who , in the pre-civil rights era , were routinely discriminated against and denied admission to colleges and universities because of their race . Thomas essentially compared what the University of Texas at Austin does now to what the University of Mississippi was doing in 1963 . Seriously ? Here 's what really happened in the Lone Star State . When Fisher applied in 2008 , the university set aside three-fourths of its available slots to students who graduated in the top 10 % of their high school classes .  Today , it 's 8 % . Fisher 's academics were n't strong enough to get her into that category ; she graduated in the top 12 % . And rather than admit that she should have earned better grades , she got angry with the university which doled out other slots under a process that weighed several factors including race and socioeconomic status . After all , a diverse state deserves a diverse class of leaders . Texas is 12 % African-American and 38 % Latino while the student body at UT Austin -- with its 52,000 students -- is just 4.5 % African-American and 18 % Latino . Curiously , Fisher blamed the university 's policy -- rather than her own academic shortcomings -- for not getting into the University of Texas . And then , she filed a lawsuit . She found her way to Louisiana State University , and the case bearing her name quickly found its way to the Supreme Court , where it was welcomed onto the docket by five justices who were already itching to strike down affirmative action . Despite what Justice Thomas would like to believe , Fisher is no victim . Had she worked a little harder in high school , she might have gotten into college on "  the 10 % rule " and saved us all a lot of drama . Besides , are n't conservatives the ones who are always talking about merit ? Yet , here they went to bat for mediocrity . It is simply not the case that white people are -- in the admissions process -- being subjected to some wholesale form of discrimination because they have long been considered inferior due to skin color . They do n't need to link arms and sing : "  We Shall Overcome . " Now , if you want to see real victims , look at African-American and Latino students who are being shortchanged by the public school system because those who teach them harbor low expectations . This is one of the most serious problems with racial and ethnic preferences -- that they camouflage what are often severe educational inequalities at the critical K-12 level . They can also lower standards , kill incentive , provide a crutch , attach a stigma to beneficiaries , and perpetuate a destructive spoils system that benefits a few at the expense of the many . These programs should have come with an expiration date . It 's been more than 50 years since President John F. Kennedy signed -- on March 6 , 1961 -- Executive Order 10925 , instructing U.S. government contractors to take "  affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed , and that employees are treated during employment , without regard to their race , creed , color , or national origin . " My parents ' generation suffered real discrimination , and so it made sense to give it a leg up through affirmative action . But it makes no sense to transfer that privilege to my children , who are being raised with every advantage . When that sort of thing happens , it only makes the public more cynical and bitter . The Supreme Court gave affirmative action in college and university admissions a reprieve this week , but it wo n't last long . The justices have another case on their docket for the fall . The hour is late . Latinos and African-Americans have the chance to end their dependence on a program that is taking them nowhere , and the rest of us can focus on fixing a broken educational system so that more students of color can succeed on the natural and go anywhere they want to go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette says affirmative action ruling is a signal He says court requiring universities to demonstrate justification for the program Navarrette : A generation ago , affirmative action was needed to remedy wrongs He says his children are being raised with every advantage
CNN  A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire , according to a law enforcement source speaking to Russia 's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass . "  The submarine is in a dry dock , " Tass reports , citing the source , and there is no ammunition on board . "  The rubber insulation between the submarine 's light and pressure hull is on fire , " Tass reported . Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency says insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine . Tass reported that the fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia . Zvyozdochka spokesman Yevgeny Gladyshev told the news agency that the sub had been undergoing repairs since November 2013 . "  Nuclear fuel from the sub 's reactor has been unloaded , " he reportedly said . "  There are no armaments or chemically active , dangerous substances , fissionable materials on it , " Gladyshev said to Tass . "  The enterprise 's personnel left the premises when the submarine caught fire , no one has been injured . The fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard . "	Submarine is in Zvyozdochka shipyard , in northwestern Russia No "  dangerous " substances on the submarine , shipyard spokesman told ITAR-Tass
CNN  -- Former Manchester United star Eric Cantona was arrested and cautioned Wednesday in London on suspicion of assault , Britain 's Press Association reported . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed that they arrested and subsequently cautioned "  a man in his mid-40s on suspicion of common assault , " but declined to release his name . Police were called about the incident at about 1 p.m. . The alleged victim , a man , did not require medical assistance , police said . CNN could not immediately reach Cantona 's representatives for comment . Police in Britain can issue a caution to people for minor crimes . By accepting a caution , the suspect admits the offense and is released . The caution is not a conviction , but it can be used as character evidence in trials for any other crime . The French 47-year-old Cantona retired from football at age 30 but made his mark at Manchester United . The club 's fans voted him as their player of the century in 2011 .	London 's Metropolitan Police say they arrested man Wednesday afternoon , but wo n't release name Cantona 's representatives could n't be immediately reached for comment Police : Suspect cautioned Alleged victim , a man , did n't need medical assistance , police say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Gregory Maguire absently cleans his glasses with his tie as he talks about pushing someone down the stairs . "  I use children 's stories as kind of a snare and temptation and illusion to draw in readers , " Gregory Maguire says . "  I wonder if you 've ever stood at the top of the stairs behind someone who 's really annoying and just imagined putting your foot out and planting your boot in somebody 's objectionable behind ? " he asks . "  You know , I think that thought is a fairly common human thought . " Maybe for the author of "  Wicked , " who looks more like a college English professor than someone who spends his days writing about the world of Oz . Maguire often imagines evil , and how those without self-control respond to it . Maguire 's "  Wicked " series puts a spin on the classic "  The Wonderful Wizard of Oz " tale , bringing in corruption , political prisoners and war . His first book , "  Wicked , " has sold more than 2.5 million copies , and the musical based on the book reportedly has been seen by more than 3.75 million people in New York alone . National tours have been huge successes . Maguire 's newest book in the series , "  A Lion Among Men , " tells the story of the Cowardly Lion -- the motherless cub defended by Elphaba in "  Wicked . " Watch Maguire roar about "  Lion " " CNN talked to Maguire about the book 's main character , his life before "  Wicked " and why he has never written realistic adult fiction . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : To someone who 's never read your books before , how would you describe your style ? Gregory Maguire : I would describe -LSB- my books -RSB- as being , not quite allegories , but commentaries on contemporary society -- and indeed politics to some extent -- enshrouded in , and disguised by , the guise of children 's stories . In other words , I use children 's stories as kind of a snare and temptation and illusion to draw in readers who say this is going to be easy ... and it 's going to be fun . And indeed I hope it is fun . But once I get people involved in the plot , I hope to also communicate some of the questions I have about the way we live our lives in the 21st century . CNN : Talk to me about Brrr . What 's his personality like ? What is he going through ? Maguire : Well , Brrr is the name that I 've given to the cowardly lion who is the main character -- the protagonist -- in this novel called "  A Lion Among Men . " And I gave him that name for two reasons : One , because it does sound like a shiver , and he is always slightly spooked by the world ; and the second reason , because the two letters in it B-r-r-r are both letters from the name of Bert Lahr , who played the Cowardly Lion so famously in the 1939 MGM film . His character arises in the hollow space in our perceptions between that giant roaring lion at the MGM logo ... the ideal lion , and the kind of sad , sacked , out of work , vaudeville performer in lion pajamas that we see when Dorothy actually runs into the lion on the Yellow Brick Road . In other words , there 's a huge disconnect between the image we project of ourselves -- the best we might ever hope to possibly be -- and the way we feel about ourselves at our absolute worst -- when we 're the most down in the dumps . There 's a huge space in between there . So the novel 's really in some ways about character and taking control of the destiny of your own character . CNN : Everyone knows of your success with "  Wicked " -- it 's huge . But what was your life like before you wrote that book ? Maguire : I had written children 's books for 14 years before I published "  Wicked . " And none of them were poorly reviewed , and none of them sold enough for me to be able to buy a bed . I was the traditional artist in the garret , expecting to live that way or maybe to give up writing soon because I would eventually have to get a job that was going to pay me some kind of retirement package . Silly thought , that , these days . CNN : You often take the point of view of the "  wicked " or "  evil " characters in your books . How do you get inside their heads ? Maguire : Well , I like to think I 'm a pretty good-natured guy and pretty civil and probably not ever truly guilty in any serious way of any legal infractions . But I do seem to have an unconscionable , easy time of thinking about how people might do wrong , of what they might feel like and how they might behave if they had less self-control than I do . And then also , how they would have to deal with the weight of being called evil . If everyone was always calling you a bad name , how much of that would you internalize ? How much of that would you say , all right , go ahead , I 'll be everything that you call me because I have no capacity to change your minds anyway so why bother . By whose standards should I live ? In a way , all three of my adult books come down to that question -- by whose standards should I live ? Can I find my own standards ? Can I recognize them ? Can I value them if I can name them ? And are they good enough , are they strong enough , standards by which to live ? CNN : You talked about writing children 's books . How is writing for children different than writing for adults ? Maguire : Well , for one thing children are intensely more impatient than adults . So you have to start out active , you have to start out strong and you can not be , for a moment , self-indulgent . Everything has to be a sound bite or something that the children can visualize as if they 're running a little Super 8 projector in their mind . Now I date myself with ancient technology , but you know what I mean ... write the scene that you want Steven Spielberg to film , which means every sentence has to give us something to see . Make it intensely visual and this is , I think , the main rule for writing for children . But in no way do I make it less thoughtful . I just actually have to work harder . Writing for children is like the difference between writing a sonnet and writing a gossip column . I mean you have a lot more restrictions so you have to work a lot harder . I 'm not saying that a gossip column ca n't be intensely rewarding , but I dare say it 's easier to write . CNN : Have you ever considered writing anything that 's not magical , or more real life ? Maguire : I have , but I never seem to get very far . In a way , and I do n't mean to talk myself down , but sometimes I look at the mysteries of other people and I think , "  How do I know if they think anything like I think ? " I can only guess who you might be . You might see the world in a whole different range of colors than I do . You might be super sensitive to nuances of body language or music or ... I just do n't know . So I always feel when I try to write realistic fiction for adults , that maybe I do n't have enough life experience , even though I 'm 54 . I 'm not sure I trust it . But when I write something that has a magic base to it , I put in everything I do know about the infinite varieties and subtleties and ambivalences in adult behavior , but nobody can call me out and say , "  You do n't even know who human beings are " because I 've couched it . I suppose it 's a kind of safety net for myself , or a security blanket . If I 'm writing magic , nobody can say I got it wrong because we all know magic does n't exist .	Gregory Maguire 's new book , "  A Lion Among Men , " is about the Cowardly Lion Maguire wrote children 's books for 14 years before writing "  Wicked " "  Wicked " has sold more than 2.5 million copies New novel is about "  taking control of the destiny of your own character , " Maguire says
The staffing search for a Hillary Clinton campaign manager is heating up , and a Clinton spokesman acknowledged Thursday that the former secretary of state is "  casting a wide net " when talking to different people about about a would-be presidential bid . Clinton met with Guy Cecil , the outgoing head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , on Wednesday in Washington , according to Politico , and has talked with Robby Mook , a former Clinton aide , about 2016 . â $ ` Both are seen as frontrunner for the top job in a Clinton campaign . Although Clinton 's spokesman said he would n't confirm or deny the meeting and conversations occurred , Nick Merrill acknowledged that Clinton is talking with a wide array of people about 2016 . "  As she decides , she 's casting a wide net and wants to hear from a variety of people on a range of specific topics , from policy ideas to what a successful campaign would look like , " Merrill said in an email . Democrats have repeatedly said that Clinton has yet to make up her mind , but according to people close to Clinton , there have long been four names in the campaign manager race : Cecil , Mook , Stephanie Schriock and Ace Smith . Here is what you need to know about each . Cecil : Although Cecil , as executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , was at the helm when Democrats lost the Senate in 2014 , he is close with the Clintons -- particularly Bill Clinton -- and worked as Hillary Clinton 's national political and field director in 2008 . Cecil is an unpretentious figure and has won the trust of many on Capitol Hill . Earlier in his career he led the standard journeyman campaign life , working for campaigns in Arkansas , North Carolina and Colorado  where he led Sen. Michael Bennet 's dark-horse win in 2010  . Cecil has been hesitant to talk about Clinton publicly as she considers a 2016 run and did not respond to an email for this story . Mook : The then 33-year-old political operative was seen as a man on the rise when he steered Gov. Terry McAuliffe to victory in Virginia in 2013 and is regularly mentioned by people close to Clinton as a smart choice for campaign manager . Before working for McAuliffe , Mook was the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and in 2008 steered the Clinton presidential campaign to wins in Nevada , Ohio and Indiana . Mook , who has a loyal following in his own Democratic circle , started his political career working for then Gov. Howard Dean in Vermont . Like Cecil , Mook has been hesitant to comment publicly on Clinton 's 2016 bid . He did , however , make the most interesting splash of any of the possible campaign managers when emails he sent to a group of supporters were leaked to ABC . In the emails , which were sent to a group called the "  Mook Mafia , " the operative urged his supporters to "  smite Republicans mafia-style . " Schriock : Schriock currently has what she calls "  one of the very best jobs in American politics right now " and it would n't be a stretch to say Hillary Clinton probably agrees . As head of Emily 's List , Schriock 's goal is to help elect pro-choice , Democratic women across the country -- something Clinton regularly talks about on the stump . Schriock , the often-on-message campaign veteran , started her career as Dean 's 2004 finance director , where she tapped into a new revenue stream -- the internet -- to raise money . She then went on to lead high profile Senate campaigns , including Jon Tester 's in Montana and Al Franken 's in Minnesota , to wins . Schriock briefed the press at last month 's Ready for Hillary strategy session , where she flatly said she was "  not going to talk about " a possible role in the Clinton campaign . "  I am not going to talk about any conversation I may or may not be having with any candidate who may or may not be running for office , " she said . Smith : Smith , a California based consultant with deep ties to the Clinton , would be the dark horse in this field of four . While Smith led Hillary Clinton 's campaign to 2008 wins in California , Texas and North Carolina , it is the list of other Democrats he has worked for that is impressive : Richard Daley , Paul Simon , Ann Richards , Dianne Feinstein , Dick Gephardt and Howard Dean , to name a few . People close to Clinton say that Smith would be a good , outside-the-beltway choice for campaign manager . Although he had deep ties to Washington -- through the people he has worked for -- Smith is based in California and has focused on the state in the last few years . And it seems like Smith is interested . "  Anything Hillary Clinton asks me to do , I will do , " Smith told the San Francisco Chronicle in November . "  I 'm a huge charter member of the Hillary Clinton fan club . "	Hillary Clinton is reportedly meeting with candidates to be her 2016 campaign manager Sources see the short-list as 4 people : Robby Mook , Stephanie Schriock , Ace Smith and Guy Cecil
For years , chocolate , jewelry and flowers have been Valentine 's Day staples . However , many consumers are now giving gifts that not only say I love you , but also help those in need . Recently , the concept of giving back through consuming gained traction with TOMS shoes , the company that makes the popular slip-on shoes and donates a pair to a child in need for every pair sold . TOMS seemed to open the door for other socially conscious brands , ones that make a difference through product sales . Now , many entrepreneurs are opening businesses and nonprofit organizations that produce socially conscious goods . From backpacks that provide an education to jewelry that empowers women to crocheted goods that help people rise out of poverty , here are three socially conscious companies that are trying to change the world with their products . Buy a backpack , fund an education in Tanzania Matthew Clough traveled to Tanzania to climb Mount Kilimanjaro in 2008 . "  I always had this dream of climbing each continent 's highest summit . One of my buddies called me and asked if I wanted to climb Kilimanjaro , the highest peak in Africa . It was my first opportunity to check one of those seven summits off the list , " says Clough . Little did he know , reaching the peak would inspire him to pursue an even loftier goal . Clough realized that his success on the mountain would have been impossible without the help of the porters who carried his extra gear , prepared his meals and ultimately guided him to the summit . As Clough descended the mountain , he discovered that his porters made less than a dollar a day -- an amount he later learned was not nearly enough to put a child in Tanzania through school . After returning to the United States , Clough made it his mission to provide education opportunities for underserved communities . He started stone + cloth , a backpack company that donates part of its profits to support children 's education in Tanzania . "  I decided to make backpacks to create a symbol linking my mountaineering trip with education . I kept thinking about how I used a backpack for school as a kid and wanted to create a tool for people to use to spread the word about educating those in need . " All stone + cloth backpacks are made in Los Angeles , with $ 10 from every backpack purchased going directly to its partner in Tanzania , the Knock Foundation . Together with the Knock Foundation , stone + cloth supports education programs , including tuition assistance , school meals , and school supplies -- the learning essentials . "  By purchasing a backpack our customers carry an education , " says Clough . Beads of hope help women in Uganda Kallie Dovel traveled to Uganda in the summer of 2007 to volunteer . She began working with women at an after-school program and quickly learned about the hardships they faced after years of conflict in the region . While getting to know the women , Dovel was introduced to jewelry they made from paper beads . "  They showed me this beautiful product but told me they were n't able to sell it . In Uganda -LSB- the jewelry made from paper beads -RSB- is looked down on , " says Dovel . The women at the school taught Dovel how to make the paper beads and asked her to sell the jewelry for them in the United States . Dovel agreed to purchase a box from them and try to sell some pieces when she got back home . The jewelry sold quickly and inspired Dovel to team up with her friends Jessie Simonson , Anna Nelson , Brooke Hodges and Alli Swanson to create the company 31 Bits . In August of 2008 , the five traveled to Uganda and started purchasing jewelry from six women , promising to employ them for at least two years . Dovel stayed in Uganda in order to oversee operations while Simonson , Nelson , Hodges and Swanson traveled back to the States to spread brand awareness . Through its success , 31 Bits has been able to hire more women and launch programs for its Ugandan employees that include English lessons , health education , and business development programs . More than 100 Ugandan women now participate in 31 Bits programs , and the company reports it has raised more than $ 500,000 for women it employs through product sales . Programs provide participants the skills they need to support their families and communities , allowing the company "  to empower women to be self-sufficient . " Crocheting empowers women in Uganda , Peru Stewart Ramsey was inspired to create the nonprofit organization Krochet Kids International after traveling to Uganda in the summer of 2006 . Ramsey met a group of refugees who for 20 years had depended on government and aid organizations for food and protection as a result of war . When Ramsey returned , he brought with him a message that he passed on to his two childhood friends . The refugees he met were tired of handouts . They wanted to have jobs and provide for themselves . Ramsey 's friends took this message to heart and the three decided to act . Together , Ramsey , Kohl Crecelius and Travis Hartanov set out to provide the tools , knowledge and opportunities needed to enable Ugandan refugees to better their circumstances ; but first they had to figure out how . Years earlier , while still in high school , the three had made extra money crocheting hats . " -LSB- We -RSB- sold them to friends of ours who were skiers and snowboarders in the Northwest . And it was the one thing we knew that we could -LSB- teach -RSB- people and even provide a job for in the process , " Crecelius explains . The group traveled to Uganda in 2007 and taught 10 women to crochet . Ramsey , Crecelius and Hartanov sold the hats in the United States , providing income for the women they employed . The company 's success has allowed for expansion of programs into Peru ; they currently employ more than 150 women in the two countries . More than 250,000 hats have been sold , with each one personally signed by its creator . As a nonprofit , Krochet Kids International has been able to raise $ 5 million , which has gone to teaching and empowering the women in its programs and allowing them to rise above poverty . Stone + cloth , 31 Bits , and Krochet Kids International provide three different ways consumers can show their love for that special someone while making the world a better place . By informing themselves about companies ' social policies and programs , consumers can channel their purchasing power to make an impact .	Brands that not only make a profit but make a difference are becoming more popular Matthew Clough sells backpacks to fund education in Tanzania 31 Bits helps internally displaced women in Uganda earn a living making jewelry The founders of Krochet Kids turned a high school hobby into a international nonprofit
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush and Laura Bush have landed in Midland , Texas , the former first lady 's hometown and her husband 's childhood home . Former President George W. Bush helicopters for the last time to Andrews Air Force Base on Tuesday . A crowd welcomed the Bushes in Midland , waving red , white and blue W signs . Country music performers Rodney Atkins , the Gatlin Brothers and Lee Greenwood performed until the former first family arrived . "  Today is a good day for the Bush family . We 're back in Texas , and we 're here to stay , " Bush told a cheering crowd in downtown Midland 's Centennial Plaza . "  I am grateful that y' all came out to welcome us home . " Watch the crowd in Midland cheer Bush " The Bushes flew to Midland from Washington on Tuesday after inaugural ceremonies for President Obama . "  A good man took the oath of office today , and we offer him our prayers for success , " he said . The Bushes boarded a helicopter in front of the Capitol bound for Andrews Air Force Base shortly before 1 p.m. Obama and first lady Michelle Obama walked the Bushes to the helicopter -- known as Marine One when the president is on board but called "  Executive One " for this flight -- and bid them farewell with handshakes and hugs . The former president kept busy right up until his final moments in the White House . Painters and cleaning crews were still working in the West Wing press offices . Moving crews heaved boxes and delicately carried paintings bound in bubble wrap . Other moving trucks were unloading boxes and carting them into the White House . iReport.com : President Bush draws boos from inauguration crowd George W. Bush spent Tuesday morning making calls . He rang outgoing Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , former White House Chief of Staff Andy Card and former National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley . Watch Bush wave goodbye " The former president also had a conversation with his good friend the Rev. T.D. Jakes . Jakes is the chief pastor of the nondenominational megachurch Potter 's House in Dallas , Texas . He was in Washington to give a sermon Tuesday at St. John 's Church , a short walk from the White House . It 's unclear what was said in any of these exchanges , but Bush made clear to the nation last week that his presidency was challenging and that he is "  filled with gratitude . " Though there has been "  legitimate debate " about many of his decisions , including the war in Iraq , Bush said , "  there can be little debate about the results . America has gone more than seven years without another terrorist attack on our soil . " Noting that Bush 's last day in the home he has known for eight years was fraught with emotion , press secretary Dana Perino spoke affectionately about her boss . Bush "  gave me a kiss on the forehead , " she said . "  It 's something I will never forget . " An attempt to sweeten the memories of the White House press corps was made Tuesday when Perino gave reporters boxes of M&M s . The candies were wrapped with a presidential seal and signed by President Bush . Shortly before President Barack Obama and his family arrived at the White House , Bush took a last walk around the South Lawn . He spent his remaining time at the White House with his family . After the inauguration , a wheelchair-bound Vice President Dick Cheney , who injured his back lifting boxes while moving , was taken to a motorcade .	NEW : "  We 're back in Texas , and we 're here to stay , " Bush tells cheering crowd NEW : "  A good man took the oath of office today , " Bush says The Bushes arrive in Midland , Texas , about 6 p.m. Tuesday Outgoing press secretary gives reporters M&M boxes signed by President Bush
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The star of the show did not appear -- and the film in question was not shown -- but Hillary Clinton 's big-screen moment was all the talk Tuesday at the Supreme Court . The Supreme Court is tackling a First Amendment case involving a movie about Hillary Clinton . The justices heard arguments in a free-speech case over a 2008 documentary , shown in theaters , that was sharply critical of the onetime presidential candidate and current secretary of state . At issue was whether the 90-minute "  Hillary : The Movie " and television ads to promote it should have been subject to strict campaign finance laws on political advocacy or should have been seen as a constitutionally protected form of commercial speech . The high court 's decision will determine whether politically charged documentaries can be regulated by the government in the same way as traditional campaign commercials . A ruling is expect by late June . A conservative group behind the movie wanted to promote it during the heat of the presidential primary season last year , but a federal court had blocked any ads , as well as airings on cable TV video-on-demand . The film later aired in several theaters and was released on DVD , outlets that were not subject to federal regulation . The Supreme Court justices appeared divided on how to find balance between Congress ' expressed desire to control the power of well-financed private groups to spread their political messages and concerns over the First Amendment 's guarantee of free speech . "  This is targeted at a specific candidate for a specific office to be shown on a channel that says ` Election ' 08 ' , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  Now if that is n't an appeal to voters , I ca n't imagine what is . " "  There 's a possibility , " said Justice Antonin Scalia , "  that the First Amendment interest is greater when what the government is trying to stifle is not just a speaker who wants to say something , but also a listener who wants to hear what the speaker has to say , " noting that viewers would have paid to see the film on cable television . On its Web site , Citizens United promoted its film as featuring 40 interviews.as well as a "  cast to end all casts . " It promised , "  If you want to hear about the Clinton scandals of the past and present , you have it here ! ` Hillary : The Movie ' is the first and last word in what the Clintons want America to forget ! " The group , a Washington-based nonprofit corporation and advocacy organization , had balked at campaign finance rules that would have required them to disclose their financial backers and would have restricted when the film could air . The film was partially financed with corporate funds . A three-judge U.S. District Court panel last spring rejected the group 's arguments that the documentary was more akin to news or information programs such as PBS ' "  Nova " or CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " During Tuesday 's oral arguments , the justices seemed uneasy about arguments from both sides . "  This sounds to me like campaign advocacy , " said Justice David Souter . But attorney Theodore Olson , representing Citizens United , said the law "  smothered " free speech . He said groups like General Electric  which owns NBC News  , National Public Radio and progressive financier George Soros  who often privately funds his political projects  could air such films in the name of informing the American people , but not his clients because of the film 's perceived negative tone . "  If it 's all negative it can be prohibited , and it 's a felony . Or if it 's all favorable , you can go to jail . But if you did half and half , you could n't " be convicted , said Olson , criticizing the law 's "  incomprehensible " regulations . Several on the court wondered whether a 90-minute message was different than a 30-second commercial . "  It seems to me you can make the argument that 90 minutes is much more powerful in support or in opposition to a candidate , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  We have no choice , really , but to say this is not issue advocacy , this is express advocacy saying do n't vote for this person , " which is subject to regulation , " Souter said . "  The difference between 90 minutes and one minute is a distinction that I just ca n't follow . " The comprehensive 2002 McCain-Feingold law bans broadcast of "  electioneering communication " by corporations , unions and advocacy groups if it would be aired close to election dates and would identify candidates by name or image . The law also requires an on-screen notice of the groups financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations . Lawyers representing the Federal Election Commission urged the justices to subject the ads to the disclosure law , arguing that without it , voters would be "  unable to know who 's funding the ads . " Justice Department attorney Malcolm Stewart called it "  an easy case . " Some on the bench were not sure , probing the limits of the definition of candidate advocacy . "  So if Wal-Mart airs an advertisement that says we have candidate action figures for sale , come buy them , that counts as an electioneering communication , " asked Chief Justice John Roberts . Justice Samuel Alito wondered about the differences between broadcast or cable TV , where the film could not be run , and the Internet or theaters where it could . When Stewart implied "  additional media " could also be subject to future regulation , the newest justice replied , "  That 's pretty incredible . You think that if a book was published , a campaign biography that was the functional equivalent of express advocacy , that could be banned ? " Most book publishers are corporations subject to campaign finance restrictions , he noted . Legal observers say Alito and Roberts ' votes could be key to the case 's outcome . At the time of the movie 's premiere , Clinton was locked in a tough primary fight with then-Sen . Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president . Critics slammed her qualifications and character . People say , "  Well , she 's flipping , she 's flopping . No , she 's not flipping and flopping , she 's lying , " Bay Buchanan , a political commentator and regular analyst for CNN , said in the film . "  We must never understate her chances of winning , " warned Dick Morris , a former political adviser to President Clinton . "  And we must never forget the fundamental danger that this woman poses to every value that we hold dear . You see , I know her . " Ads for the movie were available on the Internet , which is not subject to federal regulation . "  I 've seen this movie , " Justice Stephen Breyer wryly noted , "  It 's not a musical comedy . " David Bossie , head of Citizens United and producer of the "  Hillary " film , was also behind several conservative documentaries , including a rebuttal to Michael Moore 's anti-Bush film "  Fahrenheit 9/11 . " The case is Citizens United v. FEC  08-205  .	Supreme Court takes up First Amendment case involving Hillary Clinton movie Justices heard arguments over a 2008 documentary critical of then-candidate Clinton Court determining if "  Hillary : The Movie " should have faced campaign finance laws The decision will determine whether political documentaries can be regulated
CNN  -- It 's been underway for barely over a week , but Australia 's election campaign is already drawing attention worldwide following a string of embarrassing gaffes from candidates . Tony Abbott -- the opposition leader who hopes to unseat Kevin Rudd as prime minister on September 7 -- has been the worst offender , with a series of missteps that have threatened to derail his center-right Liberal Party 's momentum . Opinion polls have Abbott 's coalition marginally ahead of Rudd 's center-left Labor Party by 52 points to 48 . The most serious blunder came on Tuesday when Abbott praised a female candidate 's "  sex appeal " while campaigning in the Western Sydney seat of Lindsay . "  They 're young , feisty , I think I can probably say have a bit of sex appeal , and they 're just very connected with the local area , " he told reporters , when asked what qualities local candidate , Fiona Scott , had in common with a previous MP . The remarks were seized upon by feminists and other critics as evidence that Abbott holds outdated attitudes towards women , an allegation previously made by former Prime Minster Julia Gillard , who once told the Australian parliament : "  If  Abbott  wants to know what misogyny looks like in modern Australia , he does n't need a motion in the House of Representatives , he needs a mirror . " Abbott 's comments triggered a torrent of criticism and ridicule on social media . "  My first reaction to this statement was utter disbelief , " wrote one Facebook user . "  I am still astonished that this language is considered acceptable . " "  These comments speak volumes of his true character , and this is not the type of personality that makes a good leader of any kind , let alone a national leader , " wrote another . Rudd waded into the debate Wednesday , describing Abbott 's comments as "  pretty odd , " and saying any employer who made similar remarks could expect to find themselves "  in serious strife . " "  My policy is pretty simple : in modern Australia , neither sexism , nor racism , nor homophobia has any place whatsoever , " he told reporters . "  I believe people look to their national leaders to set that sort of example . " Abbott said later he had been "  a bit exuberant " in his comments , and described the remarks as a consequence of him having "  a daggy dad moment " -- using an Australian term for something slightly embarrassing or uncool . But he did nothing to quiet accusations of sexism when he taunted Rudd with a question of whether he was "  man enough " to rule out a pre-election deal with another party . READ MORE : Internet , economy and boat people key issues in Australian election Abbott has previously come in for ridicule for projecting a Putin-esque , "  macho man " image , including being photographed at ocean swim events in revealing swimming trunks . Images of Abbott in his "  budgie smugglers , " as the style is known colloquially in Australia , were circulated online following his latest remarks , with a caption asking : "  Just how much sex appeal does it take to win an election , Tony ? " Abbott had earlier made headlines for a piquant slip of the tongue , when he told a crowd in Melbourne Monday that "  no one -- however smart , however well-educated , however experienced -- is the suppository of all wisdom . " A mistimed attempt at baby kissing that saw him plant his lips on the hair of the child 's mother was also singled out for ridicule . An aspiring candidate for Abbott 's Liberal Party also found himself the target of social media jibes Tuesday following an embarrassing on-camera freeze when questioned about his party 's immigration policy . Jaymes Diaz , a candidate in the New South Wales seat of Greenway , told a television reporter his party had a six-point plan to "  stop the boats " of illegal migrants , but was unable to articulate what any of those points might be . His embarrassment followed the humiliation of Stephanie Banister , a 27-year-old candidate for Australia 's fringe anti-immigration One Nation party , who blundered through a television interview claiming that Islam was a country and that Jews followed Jesus Christ . The performance , which saw her labeled the "  Australian Sarah Palin , " led to her withdrawing her candidacy just 48 hours into the race . The slew of political gaffes inspired comedian John Oliver , of the popular U.S. satirical program The Daily Show , to urge the United States to emulate Australia and condense its campaigning into one month , promising they would not miss out on any of the entertaining blunders of a typical election season . "  You might think , ` Hold on John , if our elections were just four weeks , we would n't get to have all the fun of watching the human gaffe-alanches on the campaign trail , ' " he said . "  But here 's the thing -- you 're wrong . You name a great campaign moment and Australia will get to it this month . " In April , U.S. President Barack Obama apologized after describing California 's Attorney General Kamala Harris to an audience of Democratic donors as "  by far the best-looking attorney general in the country , " a remark that was criticized by some as sexist . READ MORE : How Australian prime ministerial candidates view China	Gaffes by candidates in Australia 's election campaign have drawn international ridicule Opposition leader Tony Abbott has fared worst , praising a female candidate 's "  sex appeal " Abbott , who projects a macho image , has previously been criticized for his attitude to women Australians go to the vote on September 7
Paris , France  CNN  -- Nearly 10 years after the deadly crash of an Air France Concorde jet , a trial began Tuesday to determine who 's to blame for the doomed flight . The judge began the trial by reading out the names of all 113 people who were killed when the plane burst into flames and smashed into a hotel on July 25 , 2000 . Three French people responsible for the design , testing and certification of the Concorde face charges of involuntary manslaughter . Also on trial are Continental Airlines and two of its American employees , accused of the same crime because a Continental Airlines jet was found to have played a key role in the crash . The Americans were not present for the opening day . The head of an organization representing the victims of disasters criticized the trial as it began . Stephane Giquel of Fenvac said the trial would be a dehumanized battle of experts as Continental and Air France sought to blame each other . Air France is not on trial . A lawyer representing Continental said Concorde 's problems were apparent decades before the crash . Then-French President Valery Giscard d'Estaing told his Council of Ministers in 1980 that the Concorde needed to be improved , lawyer Olivier Metzner said Tuesday . Jacques Chirac , who was president at the time of the Concorde crash , saw it take place and reportedly said Concorde is dead , Metzner said . In fact , that is what Giscard d'Estaing should have said in 1980 , he argued . Metzner said the trial should be suspended because it is not fair to Continental , but presiding judge Dominique Andreassier said she would not rule on the request until after some expert testimony , which could take months . An investigation revealed a tragic chain of events that brought down Air France Flight 4590 shortly after takeoff from Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport : A tire under the left wing blew on takeoff when it struck a small strip of titanium metal on the runway . The blown tire sent debris into the wing , causing the fuel tank to rupture and sparking the catastrophic fire that led to the crash , which killed 100 passengers , nine crew and four people on the ground . Metzner said the plane was on fire before it hit the metal fragment . According to the charges , the Concorde engineers on trial could have acted much earlier to correct well-known design flaws in the plane , whose tanks had insufficient protection from debris . Prosecutors are likely to present evidence that because of its higher-than-normal takeoff speeds , there were more than 60 tire blowouts over the Concorde 's 25 years in the air . Only one Concorde ever crashed . The titanium strip that is said to have played a major role in the crash allegedly fell off a Continental DC-10 , which took off just before the Concorde . Judicial investigators say the strip was improperly installed on the DC-10 engine , prompting the charges against the airline and two of its employees . Air France and British Airways introduced supersonic commercial service in 1976 , but the disaster , combined with high maintenance costs and falling passenger numbers , led both airlines to retire the Concorde fleet in 2003 . The trial is expected to last about four months . CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Alix Bayle contributed to this report	NEW : Lawyer urges suspension of trial ; judge wants expert testimony Concorde jet crashed in 2000 , killing 113 people Five people , Continental Airlines on trial for involuntary manslaughter 2004 investigation found thin metal strip caused tire to burst
CNN  -- Military brass at Fort Hood , Texas , on Tuesday announced tightened security procedures and the availability of a range of mental health services in the wake of the November 5 shooting spree that killed 13 people on the post . Steps have been taken to tighten restrictions on who gets onto the post , to position armed guards in key locations including behavioral health facilities , and to carry out random inspections of containers , said Col. Bill Hill , garrison commander . "  Relaxed entry will cease , " he told post personnel in a televised town hall meeting . All vehicles entering the post will be required to display a Department of Defense sticker or a secure pass , and some buildings will require badge access , he said . Security at both the fort 's airfields also will be tightened , with guards and patrols on site , he said . Soldiers assigned to Fort Hood will have to register their personal firearms with the director of emergency services , he added . Fort Hood is home to some 50,000 active-duty soldiers and 18,000 of the soldiers ' family members . The suspect in the shootings , Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , 39 , has been charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder . Hasan , who was wounded by two civilian officers , is being treated at a hospital . Additional charges are under consideration , Col. Jeff Harris said . Many of the security changes have already been implemented , including additional searches at the gates and greater restrictions on who can get onto the post , said Lt. Gen. Bob Cone , Fort Hood 's commanding general . But , Cone said , had the changes been in place on November 5 , they might not have been enough . "  I do n't think necessarily they would have had an effect on this event , " he said . Among Fort Hood 's resources for treating mental health problems -- including post-traumatic stress disorder -- are a 12-bed inpatient psychiatric ward , an outpatient clinic , a combat stress reset program , social services and substance abuse treatment , said Dr. Steve Braverman , commander of Fort Hood 's Carl R. Darnall Army Medical Center . After the attack , the post 's mental health staff was augmented by 75 to 80 mental health workers , though some have gone back to other assignments , he said . Soldiers affected by the attack were screened for mental health problems afterward and will be rescreened 90 days after the event "  to ensure that any previously unidentified issues are addressed , " Braverman said . A 24-hour "  behavioral health hot line " is available , and a surveillance program "  to identify and monitor areas of concern " will be started soon , he said . "  These findings may lead to targeted interventions for certain populations as we address these issues , " Braverman said . Plans call for construction of an 82,000-square-foot facility in which behavioral health facilities would be consolidated , Braverman said . Soldiers in need of care can also make appointments with their primary care providers , he said . The objective , Braverman said , is "  to restore trust and confidence in Army medicine . " Despite the availability of resources , many soldiers have expressed reluctance to seek mental health care , fearing that doing so would adversely affect their careers . "  There is a perception of stigma , " Cone said . But Braverman said treatment need not hinder anyone 's career . "  If you are seen in our system , while there 's information in the medical records , that 's not allowed to be used for any determination of security levels or future assignments , " he said . "  This is really all about us regaining the trust in our community , in our soldiers , in our security , in our installation , " Cone said . "  That was taken from us , and what we have to do is take it back , and that is done one person at a time . " He added : "  If there is someone out there who is hurting , I assure you there are resources in place and we can take care of them . "	Fort Hood tightens restrictions on who is allowed onto post "  Relaxed entry will cease , " garrison commander Col. Bill Hill says Armed guards positioned in key locations , including behavioral health facilities Moves come after November 5 shooting that killed 13 people
One week ago , Jaylen Fryberg stood tall as part of his high school 's homecoming court , spurring his fellow students to cheer . On Friday , he brought them to tears . There 's a jarring disparity between the celebratory scene on the sidelines of Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's football field and the horrific , later one inside the Washington state school 's cafeteria . Fryberg was center of attention both times : first as one of his school 's most popular students , then as a student who eyewitnesses said shot his peers , killing one of them , before turning his gun on himself . As classmate Jordan Luton , among others , said : "  Nobody would have expected it from him . " 2 dead , including gunman , in school shooting For some , high school can be a hard place to be widely embraced . But not for Fryberg , according to students there . The scene at halftime of Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's October 17 football game with Arlington High School is testament . There stood Fryberg , looking dapper in a tie , vest and sneakers , with his long hair tied up tightly . A schoolmate noted Fryberg played football and planned to try out soon for wrestling ; then people in the stands applauded him , with enthusiastic whistles and yells of admiration thrown in for good measure . The occasion was Fryberg being named the freshmen 's "  Homecoming Prince , " joining others in Marysville-Pilchuck High School 's royal court . Friend and fellow student Nate Heckendorf explained that this honor means "  a lot of people had good hopes for him and thought the best of him . " "  That  title  means ... teachers like you . Your peers like you , " said Rachel Heichel , another freshman . "  You 're a person that everyone likes and a good person . " All those applied to Fryberg , according to Heichel . "  He was a people person , " she said . " ... He was just a really nice kid and all-around good person . " An avid outdoorsman Fryberg was more than a beloved student or talented athlete . He was a proud Native American . According to his social media accounts , he belonged to the Tulalip tribe , which runs a resort casino in Marysville , a city of 60,000 located 30 miles north of Seattle . A fellow tribe member and local CrossFit coach told CNN affiliate KIRO that the teenager was not only "  very nice , " but ambitious -- such that he might have one day become a tribal leader . Fryberg was an avid outdoorsman who liked to go hunting and had guns . Just three months ago , he posted a picture to Instagram of himself holding a rifle , along with the words : "  Probably the best BirthDay present ever ! I just love my parents !!! " Schoolmates and his social media accounts suggest that all was not happy with Fryberg , especially soon before the shooting . Luton said that , a few weeks ago , Fryberg got into a fight with someone who "  said something racist to him . " Heckendorf elaborated "  there was bullying involved and a couple words said towards him that he obviously did n't like , " noting that Fryberg got suspended after the fight . A federal law enforcement source also said he 'd been suspended . That 's not to say , as Heckendorf and others stressed , that this altercation necessarily had anything to do with what happened Friday . Police have not formally identified the attacker . Looking to social media for possible clues Other potential clues might lie in Fryberg 's Twitter feed , which hints at a breakup with a girlfriend in recent months . It also includes a post from Tuesday saying , "  It breaks me ... It actually does ... I know it seems like I 'm sweating it off ... But I 'm not . . And I never will be able to . " His final Tweet , on Thursday , was much shorter : "  It wo n't last ... . It 'll never last ... " That same day , Luton said he talked to Fryberg at football practice "  and he was all fine . " And Heckendorf chatted with him even more recently , on Friday morning , asking Fryberg how he was doing and offering him his ear whenever needed . "  And he said , ` OK , thank you , ' " Heckendorf said . "  We did a little handshake , and he was off . He looked pretty content with life . " All these impressions , all these interactions made what happened later that morning in Marysville-Pilchuck High School cafeteria more shocking . Heichel was there when Fryberg apparently went up to a spot a few tables away and fired his gun . When she heard more shots , she turned around and "  saw him standing there ... the gun in his hand . " "  When I saw him , I was like , ` Oh my God , that 's Jaylen , ' " she said . "  I would have never expected it would have been him , out of all people . "  It was really heartbreaking for me to see that . "	Jaylen Fryberg shot 5 , killing 1 , at his Washington high school before killing himself Fellow students express surprise , describing him as a well-liked and good person He was suspended after a fight , after "  racist " words were directed at him , student says "  I would have never expected it would have been him , " another classmate says
Her YouTube video started out innocently enough . The Canadian teen , her face obscured from the camera , held a stack of cards each filled with messages in black marker . "  I 've decided to tell you about my never ending story , " the card in Amanda Todd 's hands read . At this point the viewer may have no idea that they are about to be led on the most agonizing journey , one that pushed the premier of British Columbia to issue a stern warning against bullying , a journey that has birthed a Facebook page with thousands of people commenting and many offering condolences . In the soundless , black and white video , the teen showed one card after another . Each card painfully sinking the viewer deeper into the anguish too many teens have experienced . "  In 7th grade I would go with friends on webcam , " the card in the teen 's hand read . Are depressed kids bully magnets ? The next few cards reveal that the teen began to get attention on the Internet from people that she did not know . People who told her she was beautiful , stunning , perfect . "  They wanted me to flash . So I did one year later , " the cards said . The teen then got a message on Facebook from a stranger who said she needed to show more of herself or he would publish the topless pictures he had taken of her . "  He knew my address , school , relatives , friends , family , names ... " Video : Teen bullied during anti-bullying interview On Christmas break , the police came to her home to tell her that photos of her were sent to "  everyone . " She pushed the next card very close to the camera . "  I then got really sick anxiety major depression and panic disorder . I then moved and got into alcohol and drugs . " She says she struggled with anxiety , rarely went out for a year . And then the same man appeared again with a Facebook page that displayed her topless as his profile picture . "  Cried every night , lost all my friends and respect people had for me ... again ... " She was teased and felt as if she could never erase that photo . She started cutting , a form of self-injuring act that psychologists say is an impulse-control behavior that sometimes accompanies a variety of mental illnesses . At school , she ate lunch alone until she moved to another new school . "  Everything was better even though I sat still alone , " the next card read . "  After a month later I started talking to an old guy friend . " LZ Granderson : Being bullied is hell , but life gets better She thought the guy liked her even though she knew he had a girlfriend . One day he asked her to come over because his girlfriend was on vacation . "  So I did ... huge mistake ... I thought he liked me , " she held the cards in one shaky hand now , using the other to brush under her eye as if wiping away a tear . A week later the guy 's girlfriend showed up at her school with a posse of 15 others . A crowd gathered . The girlfriend berated her screaming that nobody liked her . "  A guy than  sic  yelled just punch her already ... " She was punched . Thrown on the ground . "  I felt like a joke in this world I thought nobody deserves this , " the next card reads . "  Teachers ran over but I just went and layed in a ditch and my dad found me . " When she got home she drank bleach . "  It killed me inside and I thought I actually was going to die . " In a wired world , children unable to escape cyberbullying She was rushed to a hospital to flush the chemical out of her . She put the next card almost flush with camera so that the viewer can no longer see her and only sees "  After I got home all I saw on Facebook - She deserved it and did you wash the mud out of your hair ? I hope she is dead . " She moved in with her mother in another city , to another school . But her past followed her . "  6 months has gone by ... people are pasting pics of bleach , clorex  sic  and ditches ... Everyday I think why am I still here , " Her struggles with anxiety and cutting had gotten worse and even despite counseling and antidepressants she still was rushed to hospital again after an overdose . The last cards say simply : "  I have nobody . I need someone . My name is Amanda Todd . " The video has garnered the attention of many including the premier of British Columbia , Christy Clark . "  No one deserves to be bullied . No one earns it . No one asks for it . It is not a rite of passage . Bullying has to stop . Every child has to feel safe at school , " Clark said in a You Tube video posted Thursday . One day earlier , Amanda Todd 's body was found in her home , police in the Vancouver-area city of Coquitlam said . She took her own life . Amanda was 15 . Stop bullying : Speak Up	The video she shot before her death has attracted the attention of many A Facebook page has been set up with thousands commenting The premier of British Columbia issued a stern warning against bullying
CNN  Just after Thursday 's Oscar nominations , the Critics ' Choice Movie Awards moved the discussion forward on awards season Thursday night -- and the leader continues to be "  Boyhood . " Richard Linklater 's movie about growing up , shot over the course of 12 years , won best picture at the honors , which are given out by the Broadcast Film Critics Association . But the awards did n't leave "  Boyhood 's " main competition , "  Birdman " and "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " bereft . "  Birdman " earned trophies for best acting ensemble and star Michael Keaton , while "  Budapest " took home the award for best comedy . "  Birdman " won seven awards overall . Keaton had quite a night . Not only did he win , he apparently fell off stage after accepting his best actor award . The event was n't captured on video , but a number of observers tweeted about it . Keaton was fine and , being a trouper , later re-enacted the plunge backstage for the press . "  I took the ` Birdman ' flying thing way too far , " he joked . Other winners included "  The Lego Movie " -- snubbed by the Oscars -- as best animated feature , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " for best action movie and J.K. Simmons for best supporting actor . The awards were n't without their controversy . Host Michael Strahan led off the ceremony by doing a little stripping -- he has a part in the "  Magic Mike " sequel -- and Judd Apatow , who presented the best director award , brought up Bill Cosby . Apatow , who was apparently a late addition to the presenters ' lineup , has been a noted Cosby critic . "  They knew I 'd be home tweeting about Cosby , " Apatow said . "  I was available . "	Critics ' Choice Movie Awards give top prize to "  Boyhood " Michael Keaton takes fall after accepting best actor
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A defiant and chaotic protest sprouted in and around a public square Monday despite a warning by Iran 's Revolutionary Guard against the kind of street demonstrations that have roiled Iran for more than a week , witnesses said . Security forces patrol the streets of Tehran on Monday . Thousands of Iranians congregated and passed through Haft-e Tir Square , but riot police and the pro-government Basij militia confronted them and smacked their batons against their shin guards , making loud cracking sounds that seemed like gunshots , the witnesses said . As the protests continued , an election official with the Interior Ministry said the "  box-by-box details " of the ballots -- which were confidential in previous elections -- would be released in response to claims that the election was rigged , Press TV reported . Iran 's Guardian Council declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the winner of the election with 62.63 percent of the vote . His closest rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , received 33.75 percent , surprising many experts who expected him to win . Iranians have continued protesting the results by taking to the streets . Most stores around the square were closed as the unrest reverberated , with some guarding against damage by erecting steel fences on their windows . Helicopters hovered overhead as the security forces wielded batons and used a spray to push the crowd out of the square . After that , police chased down demonstrators in nearby alleys and streets , with protesters and lawmen playing cat and mouse over several tension-filled hours until the crowd began to thin out around dusk . There were isolated face-offs and quarrels that broke out between demonstrators and the riot police and the Basij militia -- a volunteer paramilitary force that takes orders from the Revolutionary Guard , a military unit under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader . There were no reports of serious injuries , but there were at least eight arrests , witnesses said . "  Thirty years after the revolution , this is what we get , " one man said dejectedly , watching the noisy and chaotic scene as he remembered the birth and the promise of Iran 's Islamic revolution in 1979 . The location was the spot where a vigil was to be held in memory of Neda , a young woman who became a symbol for the opposition after her death was caught on camera . While Internet postings on Twitter , Facebook and an Iranian opposition leader 's Web site had mentioned a possible rally , it was unclear whether people who were at the square were there for a vigil . Some people were clad in black , a symbol of mourning , but placards and banners about Neda and candles have not been seen . However , security forces and demonstrators appeared at the square at the time the vigil was to be held . Watch how women are on front line of protests " Meanwhile , a message on opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's Facebook page , which could not be authenticated , called for a peaceful demonstration in Tehran on Thursday to honor the dead . "  We are waiting for the route of the march to be announced as well as the location of the sit-in , " the message said . "  Presently the mausoleum of the founder of the Islamic Republic seems to be the safest place for the sit-in , so that we can mourn for our martyrs in a place that is close to the spirit of that free man . Demonstrators Monday had brushed off a warning from the Revolutionary Guard that people who "  disturb the peace and stand up to security forces " would be met with a strong response . The state-run Islamic Republic News Agency quoted the Revolutionary Guard as saying "  the guardians of the Islamic revolution and the courageous Basiji together with the security forces following the orders of the supreme leader and following him unquestioningly . " It said the authorities "  are determined to act strongly to return peace and tranquility to society ... and to clean the country of these plotters and hooligans . " Iran 's Revolutionary Guard is directly under the control of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and enforces the government 's Islamic codes and morality . With more than 200,000 members , it is tasked with overseeing the country 's crucial interests , including guarding its oil fields and missile arsenals . The regime 's lawmakers called for a review of ties with Britain amid concerns over so-called Western "  meddling " in the country 's daily unrest . The government-funded Press TV reported that Iranian lawmakers were calling for a review of the country 's ties with Britain because of its "  interference in Iran 's recent post-election unrest . " Britain 's Foreign Office announced Monday it is withdrawing the family members of its embassy staff from Iran until the situation there improves . News coverage in Iran has been limited by government restrictions on international journalists . On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , the British network 's permanent correspondent in Tehran . Al-Arabiya , a Dubai-based Arab satellite network , said its Tehran bureau was ordered closed . At least 19 people were killed in clashes in Tehran on Saturday as Iranians took to the streets to protest the results of the June 12 presidential election , according to hospital sources . Iranian-funded Press TV confirmed 13 fatalities , while unconfirmed reports put the number as high as 150 . Tehran 's prosecutor general 's office said it has launched an investigation into the killings . Watch one woman 's account of clashes with security forces " The station also said police arrested 457 people Saturday who vandalized property . See images of the clashes Saturday " Moussavi has called on Iranians to "  exercise self-control , " while still supporting their right to demonstrate , a statement attributed to Moussavi said late Sunday on the candidate 's Web site , Ghalam news . CNN has not been able to verify the authenticity of the site . Watch Iran 's former crown prince call election a "  fraud " " On Monday , the site was intermittently inaccessible , but said at one point that Moussavi had met with a group of clerics in the city of Ghom on Monday morning to discuss current events . A spokesman for the Guardian Council told state television that Wednesday is the last day it can recount the votes disputed by candidates .	NEW : Interior Ministry will release box-by-box ballot details , Press TV reports Basij militia smack batons against shin guards as protesters pass through square Helicopters hover as thousands play cat and mouse with police , witnesses say At least 8 reported arrested , but no reports of serious injuries
CNN  The horrific events in Paris and northern Nigeria have underlined again how troubled and fragmented our world is . Religious extremism and sectarianism is fueling terrorism and widespread conflict which has forced millions in Syria , Iraq and elsewhere to flee . Aggressive nationalism and politics based on prejudice and a false view of identity is on the increase in many countries . Disease and hunger continue to take a terrible toll . Yet we know what needs to be done , for example , to end the Ebola disaster , halt climate change , rid our world of hunger and begin the difficult process of healing deep divisions in our societies . Our failure is not because of a lack of knowledge or global resources but leadership and resolve -- by politicians but also throughout society . How we put this right must be at the heart of all discussions at Davos this week . Let 's start with Ebola . We have known about this disease for 40 years , how deadly it is , how it is transmitted and how to prevent infection . Yet we have lost thousands of lives already to the epidemic in West Africa and only now have the resources , from within countries and outside , been mobilized to halt it . We need to learn the lessons and ensure we can move much more quickly and effectively before such deadly diseases take hold . The last few months have also underlined the need for big pharma to invest more into the research of diseases that occur in poorer countries . The extraordinary progress in tackling some of the world 's greatest killers through the development and distribution of vaccines shows what can be achieved through our collective efforts . Second , Africa , with the world 's most uncultivated arable land , has the potential to help end the global food security and nutrition crisis . Yet it fails to grow enough food even to feed its own people . Africa 's governments have recognised their responsibility to put in place the policies and investments which will enable the continent 's farmers , big and small , to provide the food needed . They must deliver the improved infrastructure which is vital to this ambition . Business must respond as well , particularly by giving small-holder farmers the access to new crop varieties , techniques and markets . The third area where leadership is absolutely crucial is the climate crisis . How is it possible that climate change conferences continually fail to provide the breakthrough given that the science is so clear about the threat to future generations and our planet ? In December , a global agreement must be reached in Paris on the framework and policies needed to halt climate change . Political leaders need to look beyond the next electoral cycle . Civil society has largely already understood what needs to be done . I believe corporations will quickly respond to the challenge as many already have . There can be no clearer example of where our common values must be rediscovered . There are welcome signs that this is , at last , beginning to be understood . Fourthly , we know that successful peace processes are our only chance of escaping the circle of violence . Without the resolve to address the past openly , and without leaders showing the courage to give peace commissions the independence they need , solutions will be haphazard . It takes courage to address the rights of victims genuinely , but it is fundamental to heal wounds permanently . In a world riddled with conflict , this courage will be more essential than ever . The international community needs to do more to support countries through this often difficult process . Finally , there is also an urgent need to step up support for democracy and elections . While almost every country now votes , public faith in democracy is on the wane . In too many countries , political leaders manipulate the process to deny their citizens a proper voice . Even in mature democracies , there is an increasingly widespread belief that elections change little and that the political elite serve only their only narrow interests . Leaders in 2015 will once more have the choice between using elections to give their regimes a veneer of democratic legitimacy or ensuring a level-playing field , respecting the secrecy of the ballot and , above all , accept the result peacefully . Last year 's successful Presidential elections and peaceful hand-over of power in Indonesia , the world 's third largest democracy , even when the result was very close provided real hope for the future . Supporting the integrity of elections in Africa and elsewhere will be an area , like all these challenges , I and my Foundation sees as particular priorities this year . In times of uncertainty , it is all too easy to surrender to fear and retreat , look inward and think short-term . But what is urgently needed is the ability in politics but also in business and society as a whole to look beyond national borders , the next election or set of quarterly results . This must underpin not just discussions at Davos but all our actions as voters , citizens and consumers in the coming months and years . Read more of CNN 's coverage from Davos 2015 More from African Voices The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kofi Annan .	Annan : Failure to deal with global issues is because of lack of leadership and resolve Ebola disaster , climate change and hunger are testing societies Davos talks must focus on finding solutions In business and politics , long-term perspective key to ensuring future prosperity
Mohamed Morsi was sworn in Saturday as Egypt 's first democratically-elected president , taking the helm of a deeply divided nation that is economically strapped and lacks a working government . The historic ceremony took place amid tight security before the Supreme Constitutional Court and was overseen by Egypt 's military rulers who have been in control of the country since Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year during a popular revolution . "  Today , the Egyptian people established a new life for complete freedom , for a true democracy , " Morsi said after taking the oath . "  I swear by almighty God that I will uphold the republican system and respect the constitution of the law and look after the interests of the people , " he said . Shortly after the swearing-in , Morsi went to Cairo University , where he gave his first speech as president . He praised the country 's military , but indicated that their control of Egypt 's legislative powers would return to civilian hands . "  The  Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  adhered to its pledge to not go beyond of the will of the people . And the elected institutions will come back to take their role , and the great Egyptian army will to go their job to protect the boundaries and security of the country , " he said , delineating the army 's role . SCAF , which assumed legislative powers after they dissolved parliament after a court ruling , continues to wield that power even after Morsi 's swearing-in . It will retain those powers until a new parliament is sworn in near the end of the year . "  We have fulfilled our obligations and the pledge that we took before God and the people . We now have a president who was elected in free elections . Egypt is witnessing a new democratic process , " the head of the SCAF , Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , said at a military ceremony for Morsi Saturday . It is time to put the past behind us and learn from its lessons , he said , before presenting the president with a shield of the army . "  I accept the transfer of power from Field Marshal Tantawi , " Morsi said . Egyptians , all Arabs , and the world were witnessing "  how authority is transferred from the armed forces to the will of the people to the elected civilian authority , " Morsi said . The president also addressed the crisis in Syria . He signaled that Egypt would play a role in resolving that conflict . "  The bloodbath in Syria must be stopped , " he said . "  We 'll spare no effort in the immediate future to work toward this goal . " Morsi 's theme in his recent appearances has been one of respect for democracy and the people . "  Today we start a new chapter in the history of Egypt . We turn an old page of an ugly era , " he said . He added , " "  I will not betray my country . With the will of God I will fulfill your ambitions . " Egypt 's electoral commission declared Morsi the president-elect Sunday after a runoff with Ahmed Shafik , a former air force general who served as Mubarak 's last prime minister . Morsi had been the candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , but he resigned from the party shortly after he was elected president . Just days before the election , a high court ruled that Egypt 's parliament was unconstitutional . Some of Morsi 's supporters are pushing for a confrontation with the generals , who dissolved the parliament after the ruling . Additionally , the military rulers named a defense council to oversee national security and foreign policies while also declaring it would maintain control of all military affairs . World leaders , meanwhile , will likely be watching what Morsi does next . During the speech Friday , he said he would work to free the blind Egyptian cleric serving a life sentence in the United States for a conspiracy conviction related to the 1993 World Trade Center bombing . He said he wanted to work to free political prisoners , which he said included Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman . "  Their rights will be on my shoulders and I wo n't spare effort " to free them , he said . Morsi is a study in contrasts : a strict Islamist educated in Southern California who vowed during his campaign to stand for women 's rights yet argued for banning them from the presidency . During the historic campaign , Morsi said he would support democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he won . But he has also called Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers . " Morsi focused his campaign on appealing to the broadest possible audience after a slogan associated with his campaign , "  Islam is the solution , " sparked concerns that he could introduce a fundamentalist Islamic theocracy . During the campaign , he said he had no such plans . His party seeks "  an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " Morsi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Asked whether he would maintain Egypt 's 1979 accord with Israel , Morsi said , "  Yes , of course I will . I will respect it provided the other side keep it up and respect it . "	Military council says it is time to leave the past behind and learn lessons from it Morsi was sworn in before Egypt 's constitutional court A day earlier , Morsi told crowd at Tahrir Square that his authority comes from all Egyptians He vows to help free political prisoners , including man convicted in 1993 World Trade Center blast
CNN  -- Comedian and impersonator Fred Travalena died Sunday afternoon after a seven-year battle with cancer . He was 66 . Comedian Fred Travalena had a 40-year career in show business . Travalena -- known as "  The Man of a Thousand Faces " -- died at home in Encino , California , surrounded by family , according to his publicist . He was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2002 and prostate cancer in 2003 . Following five years ' remission , the lymphoma returned in 2008 . "  Since that time , he has been in and out of treatment , consisting of chemotherapy , surgery and radiation , " spokesman Roger Neal said . During Travalena 's 40-year career , he entertained audiences with impressions of celebrities such as Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin and Bob Hope . He was a regular on the "  Tonight Show , " with Johnny Carson . Travalena is survived by his wife of 39 years , Lois ; sons Fred IV and Cory ; daughter-in-law , Kelly ; and a granddaughter . Private services will be held this week , with a public memorial service to be announced later .	Travalena known as "  The Man of a Thousand Faces " Comedian had battled non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma and prostate cancer Travalena was a regular on the "  Tonight Show "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a time of economic turmoil , most Americans are being frugal with their money , but one freshman congressman is taking cost-cutting to a new level . Rep. Jason Chaffetz unfolds the cot that fits into a closet in his office . Newly elected Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , opted out of renting an apartment in Washington , instead deciding on a cot in his office every night . "  I will save $ 1,500 a month doing this , " Chaffetz said . "  I get paid a very handsome salary , no doubt about it , but you know , I 've got expenses and a future for my kids and my family , too . " In a stroke of luck , Chaffetz was one of the few freshmen members of Congress to have the chance at an office with a window when he drew number six out of 55 in the office lottery . His office in the Longworth House Building comes with a half-bathroom , a closet that fits a cot , and what he calls his "  breakfast nook " where he stores Fig Newtons , granola bars and mixed nuts . Watch more on the thrifty congressman " The building also has a gym with a shower room , where Chaffetz starts his day about 5:45 each morning . "  My home is in Utah . My wife and kids are there , " he said . "  I 'm here to work . " Cutting out travel to and from the office allows Chaffetz more time to serve his constituents and return more of their e-mail and phone calls , he said . The savings are certainly a plus for the congressman , who has three children to provide for , car payments and a mortgage to pay . But Chaffetz said his decision had a larger meaning . "  We are now $ 10 trillion in debt . $ 10 trillion . Those are expenses that have to be paid at some point , " he said . If he can tighten his belt in these tough economic times , Chaffetz said , Congress should be able to as well . "  Our country has to learn to do more with less , " he added . Although he is a relatively unknown freshman in the House , word of Chaffetz 's sleeping arrangement is spreading . Republican Rep. Judy Biggert of Illinois , whose office is adjacent to Chaffetz 's , said he is n't the first to sleep in his office , and he wo n't be the last . "  This is a job that you have to have , really , two homes . One in your district where you 're there on the weekends and then one here during the week , and it 's expensive , " Rep. Biggert said . "  I 'm really glad we have a neighbor here to make sure that the neighborhood is safe at night when we 're not here , " she joked , adding that Chaffetz is actually projecting the right image of the Republican Party by being a "  fiscal conservative . " Chaffetz said he is finally getting used to sleeping on his not-so-comfortable cot , but that does n't mean he rests easy at night . "  My biggest challenge is what goes on in the hallway at night , " Chaffetz said . "  There 's this cleaning machine that comes down the hall at night . And it 's got that obnoxious beep , beep , beep . " Despite the din , Chaffetz has no plans to search for another form of housing -- unless his back gives out . "  I 've got to keep my back in check , but so far , so good , " Chaffetz joked . "  But look , our troops are sleeping on a lot worse than this . "	Jason Chaffetz says he 'll save $ 1,500 a month by choosing cot over apartment If he is tightening his belt , Congress should also be able to , he says Chaffetz , R-Utah , is a freshman congressman Chaffetz says noises in the hallway can make it difficult to sleep at night
Washington  CNN  -- Karen Harned has been going to the Supreme Court every day it has met since June 11 so there would be no chance she would miss the health care law ruling . Harned is director of the small business legal center of the National Federation of Independent Business , one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit that seeks to strike down the law . She and her group have worked through all of the possibilities and are ready to react to the court 's ruling immediately . "  We have done a lot of work on that because we think that is critical . We are in the 24-hour media cycle . The reporting will start immediately , " she told CNN . Ron Pollack of Families USA , one of the major groups promoting the health care initiative , brought activists from a dozen key states to Washington last week to help plan the various messages and reaction plans for each of the possible scenarios depending on how the court rules . "  Over the numerous weeks , we knew different possibilities could occur , " Pollack told CNN . "  Most of our focus is on what happens if the statute is upheld or partially upheld : where do we go from here and what do we want the public to understand ? " Since Barack Obama took office , no other political issue has generated as much debate , tension and argument than health care reform and the government 's role . Various constituencies -- the White House , Congress and a myriad of interest groups on all sides -- anxiously wait for the nation 's high court to hand down its decision on one of the most divisive political issues it has taken up in many years . Congress ready for decision -- then it gets tricky Their task has been complicated by a great deal of uncertainty : How many rulings will there actually be since the justices are considering several different aspects of the Affordable Care Act ? Will the court decide to deal with the controversial individual mandate , which requires most citizens to buy health care insurance , separately than the rest of the law ? Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios . Many of the groups will either be at the court on Thursday or race there so they can go to the cameras staked outside . The big four issues : What the justices are tackling One coalition of labor and health care reform advocates already sent reporters an e-mail saying they 'll hold a conference call at 12:30 p.m. on whatever day the ruling comes with the call-in number . Obama has the most at stake politically because the health care law is considered to be his signature domestic political achievement . A ruling by the court that all or part of the law is unconstitutional would be a black mark on his administration . No president wants to see his signature achievements overturned , said Paul Begala , a former senior adviser in Bill Clinton 's White House and now an adviser to the pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA as well as a CNN contributor . The White House has steadfastly refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down . However , Valerie Jarrett , a senior White House adviser , said over the weekend at the National Association of Black Journalists convention that the administration is prepared for whatever the court does . She admitted the White House and Democratic congressional allies had been outmaneuvered as the issue was being debated . "  The opponents of it outorganized -- in terms of the ` death panels ' -- and distorted what we were doing early on , " she said , referring to some opponents ' assertion that the new law contained a provision that would have bureaucrats decide who would or would n't be treated . The Supreme Court health care decision will again put the issue front and center for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who included the individual mandate as part of the health care overhaul he pushed while governor of Massachusetts but has said he does not favor the requirement on a national scale . "  Regardless of what they do , it 's going to be up to the next president to either repeal and replace Obamacare or to replace Obamacare . And I intend to do both , if I 'm the president at a time when the Supreme Court has left Obamacare in place , I will repeal it on day one by sending out a waiver to all 50 states to keep them from having to pursue Obamacare , " the presumptive Republican nominee said earlier this month in Orlando , Florida . While Romney would make the states responsible for helping the uninsured , he has said he would make sure to keep some of the more popular provisions of the health care overhaul , such as making sure people are n't dropped from coverage if they have a pre-existing condition . Your Bottom Line : Pre-existing conditions Romney 's campaign staff has been meeting with members of Congress on how they will react , with the Republican National Committee helping to prepare . House Speaker John Boehner said in a memo to House Republicans last week that "  if the court strikes down all or part of the president 's health care law , there will be no spiking of the ball . " He said the emphasis will still be on the economy . "  We will not celebrate at a time when millions of our fellow Americans are out of work . " No matter the decision , analysts on both sides predict there will be political repercussions that could have a major effect on both presidential campaigns in trying to motivate their bases . If the court upholds the law , that could fire up Romney 's supporters . "  It is odd -- if you lose substantively , you might win politically , " Begala said . If the mandate or entire bill is ruled unconstitutional , then the president 's base could get motivated . "  Democratic activists are very cynical about the Supreme Court , " Begala added . Overturning the law could take away a strong motivator for Romney , some analysts have noted , but the president would get the political black eye . A health care ` Judas ' recounts his conversion "  It is going to be the gift that keeps giving , " said one Republican consultant . "  What we are seeing with independent voters they are unhappy , disenchanted with Obama . This would just reinforce that . " The problem for both parties is trying to decipher what exactly the public wants on this complex and emotional issue that affects most Americans . A CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month showed 51 % of Americans surveyed oppose the law -- most of them because they think it goes too far but some who feel it does n't go far enough -- while 43 % favor it . However , a recent Pew Research Center poll found a majority would not be happy with any of the possible scenarios that analysts believe are likely to come from the court . When asked if they would be happy or unhappy depending on how the court might rule , 44 % said they would be happy if the entire bill is thrown out ; 40 % would be happy if just the individual mandate alone is discarded ; and 39 % would be happy if the entire law is upheld . Despite the massive protests and attention paid to the issue , the American people do n't really understand what is contained in the law -- a sign the White House has not done a good job of messaging . Some 49 % in the Pew survey said they understand the law somewhat well , 31 % said they understand it not too well or not well at all and only 18 % said they understand it very well . According to analysis by CNN 's ad-tracking service Kantar Media/CMAG , those opposing Obamacare outspent proponents by a 3-1 margin -- $ 235 million to $ 69 million -- from March 23 , 2010 , when the law was signed , through June 17 . What to know about health care reform Some Democrats privately acknowledge they have not done a good job of articulating their message . It 's one reason that as they prepare for whatever comes out of the court , they are ready to trumpet some of the act 's accomplishments so far . Democratic members of Congress have been given small cards touting such facts as : 6.6 million young adults up to age 26 have health insurance through their parents ' plan ; up to 17 million children with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied coverage ; 54 million Americans with private insurance have received one or more free preventive service and 5.1 million seniors saved $ 3.2 billion on prescription drugs . Conservatives have pounced on the uncertainties of the law as well as government overreach in its opposition . Concerned Women for America , for example , last week went up with a $ 6 million ad in six key electoral states  Iowa , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Virginia and Wisconsin  and national cable with a doctor saying : "  The truth is , we still do n't know how much this law will eventually cost . I do n't want anything to come between my patients and me -- especially Washington bureaucrats . " As for the insurers , they have been running what they call an aggressive education campaign to try to sell what it calls an "  inextricable link " between market reforms and the coverage requirement . The insurers ' trade group , America 's Health Insurance Plans  AHIP  , argues that to afford the changes , the companies need a larger insurance pool that comes with the mandate . If not , then consumers could be facing larger premiums . Also in a pre-emptive move , several major insurers , including Aetna , Humana and UnitedHealthcare , have announced they will allow children of their clients to stay on until they are 26 even if the law is thrown out . "  We are ready for whatever the court decides . We will have a lot more when the court announces , " said AHIP spokesman Robert Zirkelbach . Basics : Health care reform issues CNNPolitics.com Editor Bryan Monroe contributed to this report .	Various constituencies anxiously wait for the high court to hand down its decision Some interest groups have differing statements ready for seven or eight scenarios President Barack Obama has the most at stake politically White House has refused to speculate about what will happen if the law is struck down
CNN  -- Mark your calendars : The midterm elections are n't yet decided , but there 's already a date scheduled for a 2016 presidential debate . With slightly more than two years until a new president is chosen , The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation announced Thursday its plans to host a televised debate for Republican primary candidates on Sept. 16 , 2015 at the Reagan Library in California . "  Ronnie would be so pleased to know that his presidential library continues to attract America 's leaders to discuss the future of the country he loved so dearly , " former First Lady Nancy Reagan said in a release from the Reagan Foundation , an organization geared toward promoting the GOP icon 's national legacy . "  I ca n't think of a better way to honor my husband than to keep the tradition of Reagan Library-hosted debates alive . " But do n't get too excited for a heated GOP faceoff : New rules from the Republican National Committee plan to limit the number of primary debates in the upcoming presidential contest after a series of contentious debates rattled the party leading up to 2012 . In a statement , the RNC 's Sean Spicer said the list of sanctioned debates will be announced later in the year . "  We are focused on Tuesday 's election , " he said . Although no Republicans have officially announced a 2016 White House bid , many potential contenders have made themselves known in recent months by stumping for midterm candidates . New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , for example , has made four trips to Iowa in recent months to support GOP candidates there . And Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul recorded robocalls for a Florida Republican in a tight race to maintain his House seat . Both politicians are regarded as 2016 frontrunners -- that is , should they decide to throw their hats in the ring .	A GOP presidential primary debate has been scheduled for Sept. 2015 The debate will be hosted by the Reagan Foundation in California The RNC has not yet said whether it will sanction the debate
London 's taxi drivers are famed for cramming their brains with an encyclopedic knowledge of the city 's backstreets that allows them to swerve around any traffic jam . But on Wednesday many were stuck in gridlock of their own making as they joined other cabbies across Europe staging protests against Uber , a mobile phone app they say threatens their livelihoods . Uber customers can use their phones to flag down private cabs then meter the charges based on the length of journey . Drivers of London 's black taxis say that should n't be allowed . They say they 've earned a monopoly on picking up passengers on the fly and billing by meter through years of study to memorize the city 's tangled street map . To make their point , hundreds of drivers took their black cabs into central London for a horn-tooting drive around Trafalgar Square and past the UK 's Houses of Parliament , bringing traffic to a standstill . Police , who wanted the protest limited to a strict one-hour timeframe , threatened drivers with fines and arrest . "  The long and the short of it is , allowing -LSB- a company like Uber -RSB- to come in and say they 're a tech company , that they do n't want to be licensed ... is not fair , " said Steve Garelick , a union official representing licensed London taxi drivers . Several European cities saw similar protests . All-out strike In Madrid many drivers stayed home for the day with Spanish media reporting an all-out strike . In France there were reports of taxis blockading roads in Paris and other cities . Demonstrations were also staged in Germany and Italy . In London , transport officials condemned the protest which one report said would cost the city Â # 125 million  $ 210 million  . Garrett Emmerson , a spokesman for Transport for London , said it was a "  pointless disruption for Londoners over a legal issue . " Emmerson said his organization had called on the UK 's High Court to make a ruling on what constituted a "  taximeter . " Uber , valued at $ 18 billion , has millions of customers and is expanding its operations to 128 cities in 37 countries . Its founder , Travis Kalanick , told CNN he often sees a backlash in cities where it gains market clout . "  It 's really common when we really succeed in a city that the incumbents -- the taxi industry -- are often trying to protect a monopoly that 's been granted to them by local officials . They 're trying to slow down competition , " he said . The company said it had benefited from Wednesday 's protests , registering an 850 % leap in app downloads on the previous week . Do you prefer to use an app to flag down a ride ? Let us know below .	Taxi drivers create gridlock in several European cities to protest Uber mobile phone app They say they app violates rules on cab licensing with its "  metering " function and ruins livelihoods Uber says it is helping create jobs and bringing positive change to transportation industry
London  CNN  -- The body of Britain 's first woman prime minister , Margaret Thatcher , has been taken to a chapel at Westminster , where it will lie overnight before a ceremonial funeral in London on Wednesday . A short service for those close to Thatcher will be held Tuesday in the Chapel of St. Mary Undercroft in the Palace of Westminster . On Wednesday morning , the coffin will be carried by hearse to the Church of St. Clement Danes , the Royal Air Force Chapel , on the Strand . There , it will be transferred to a horse-drawn gun carriage to be taken to St. Paul 's Cathedral , where more than 2,000 guests have been invited for the funeral . Members of the Army , Royal Navy and Royal Air Force will line the two-mile route . The military held a rehearsal very early Monday morning to ensure that all goes smoothly on the day . Veterans of the Falklands War will bear Thatcher 's coffin into the cathedral . Thatcher led the country into war in 1982 , when British forces repelled an Argentinian invasion of the disputed Falkland Islands , known by Argentina as Las Malvinas . Before the service , a single half-muffled bell will toll for the arrival of the cortege , according to an order of service released in advance by St. Paul 's Cathedral . Prime Minister David Cameron will give a reading at the funeral , in accordance with the wishes of Thatcher , who planned many elements of the service several years ago . Margaret Thatcher 's granddaughter , Amanda , will also give a reading . As a mark of respect , the chimes of Big Ben , as the bell and clock tower by the Palace of Westminster are commonly known , will be silenced for the duration of the funeral proceedings , said John Bercow , the speaker of the House of Commons . "  I believe that there can be a profound dignity and deep respect expressed in , and through , silence and I am sure that the House will agree , " he told lawmakers Monday . Roads and Underground stations near the cathedral will be closed and buses diverted as part of a large security operation led by London 's Metropolitan Police . More than 4,000 officers will be on duty for the event , the Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . The threat of demonstrations by anarchists or anti-Thatcher activists , on top of fears that dissident Irish Republicans may try to act , have heightened security concerns . Thatcher was the target of a hotel bombing in Brighton by the Irish Republican Army in 1984 . Commander Christine Jones said police had done all they could to mitigate potential risks and threats . "  We wish to deliver our operation in a way that protects public safety within the context of a broader security operation , as with many ceremonial London events , " she said . "  The right to conduct peaceful protest is a tenet of our democracy ; however , that right is qualified in that protest does not stray into acts of crime or violence or the instigation of crime or violence . " A small number of groups have been in touch about plans to demonstrate as the funeral takes place , Jones said . "  We are working with them , and would ask anyone who plans to protest to come forward and speak with us today , " she said . Thatcher was prime minister for 11 years , from 1979 to 1990 . After she was pushed from office after a leadership battle within her own party , she served in the House of Lords as Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven . A public book of condolences held at London 's City Hall will close Tuesday afternoon . READ MORE : ` Hurt and anger ' from Thatcher policies still felt , cathedral dean says	NEW : Margaret Thatcher 's coffin is brought to the Chapel of St. Mary Undercroft On Wednesday , it will be taken in solemn procession to St. Paul 's Cathedral Members of the military will line the route of the cortege through central London More than 2,000 people are invited to the funeral of Britain 's first female prime minister
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There are no immediate plans to commit more U.S. troops to the ongoing war in Afghanistan , President Obama said Wednesday . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , left , and President Obama meet in Washington on Wednesday . Speaking to reporters alongside Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Obama said he would consult with U.S. allies before determining a strategy in Afghanistan after last month 's elections there . "  I 'm going to take a very deliberate process in making those decisions , " Obama said . "  There is no immediate decision pending on resources , because one of the things that I 'm absolutely clear about is you have to get the strategy right and then make a determination about resources . " The United States has about 62,000 U.S. troops in the country , and NATO allies -- including Canada -- have another 35,000 . The Pentagon is planning to add 6,000 troops by the end of the year . There have been indications that Obama soon could be asked to commit even more American troops . Defense Secretary Robert Gates , however , has signaled he would like to gauge the impact of the 6,000-troop increase before considering whether to send more . Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan has dipped to an all-time low . Just 39 percent of Americans favor the war , while 58 percent oppose it , according to a national CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday . Recent polling suggests that the increasing violence and slow pace of progress are also taking a toll on support for the war in Canada . Obama thanked Harper for his country 's commitment to Afghanistan , where more than 2,800 Canadian troops and dozens of civilians are stationed . "  They have fought ; they have had staying power ; they have absorbed losses that we all grieve for , " he said . Watch Obama and Harper meet " Most of the Canadian forces are based in the southern Kandahar province , home to some of the worst violence and instability . At least 130 Canadian troops have been killed in the war . Last year , after a national debate , the Canadian government extended the mission -- which was to end this February -- until the end of 2011 . Harper said Wednesday that "  Canada is not leaving Afghanistan " but is "  transitioning from a predominately military mission to a mission that will be a civilian humanitarian mission after 2011 . " The two leaders also discussed economic issues , issuing a joint statement after their meeting saying in part that "  open trade and investment are essential for competitiveness and sustainable growth in North America and globally . " Obama acknowledged that the "  Buy American " clause in the economic stimulus package has been a "  source of irritation " between Canada and the United States and is something Harper has repeatedly brought to his attention . The clause is a provision in the $ 787 billion stimulus package enacted in February that states only American goods can be used in stimulus projects . But it stipulates that the measure would not override existing U.S. trade treaties such as the North American Free Trade Agreement . Harper said Canada 's concerns about the clause are "  important irritants ... but relatively small " when compared with the overall U.S.-Canadian trade relationship .	U.S. already planning to send 6,000 more troops to Afghanistan this year No immediate plans for deployment beyond that , Obama says Remarks follow meeting with PM of Canada , which has 2,800 troops in Afghanistan Polling shows support for Afghanistan war dropping in both U.S. and Canada
CNN  -- Iran is taking on one of the world 's biggest Internet giants , threatening to sue over something that is not on its maps . On state-run Press TV , the Iranian regime warns it may take legal action against Google for not labeling the Persian Gulf . It 's the latest volley in what one expert calls a "  war of words " that has raged for decades over the waterway that borders Iran and several Arab countries . Iran previously lashed out against the U.S. military for calling the waterway the Arabian Gulf . In a statement Thursday , the Iranian regime accused Google of carrying out efforts of Iran 's enemies . "  Toying with modern technologies in political issues is among the new measures by the enemies against Iran ,  and  in this regard , Google has been treated as a plaything , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said Thursday , according to state-run Press TV . He added that "  omitting the name Persian Gulf is  like  playing with the feelings and realities of the Iranian nation . " On state-run news agency IRNA , Iranian officials accused Google of having removed the words "  Persian Gulf . " But a Google spokesperson told CNN the body of water was never labeled . "  It 's just simply the case that we do n't have a label for every body of water , " the spokesperson said , speaking anonymously on the issue in keeping with company policy . The spokesperson would not name any other specific areas that are not labeled . If you type "  Persian Gulf " into Google Maps , the resulting map shows you the Persian Gulf but does not label it . Nearby bodies of water -- including the Gulf of Oman , Arabian Sea , Gulf of Aden and Red Sea -- are labeled . Google uses the marker "  A " to show you whichever location you requested . The column to the left of the map does say that the A is in the "  Persian Gulf . " Anger over the lack of a label on the map has spread not just within Iran 's government , but among the population and Iranians living around the world . At least nine pages on Facebook are dedicated to the issue , including "  Hey Google , put Persian Gulf back on the map " and "  Boycott Google for removing Persian Gulf from the maps . " There have also been times that Arabs complained the waterway should be called the Arabian Gulf , says Clive Holes , a professor at the University of Oxford who specializes in language and the contemporary Arab world . "  It 's a war of words , " he says . "  These are symbolic things " and involve "  a lot of emotion , " Holes said . The National Iranian American Council has complained that the term "  Arabian Gulf " began "  as Pan-Arabism propaganda and was later used by Saddam Hussein to exploit ethnic rivalries in support of his regional ambitions . " In 2010 , the U.S. Navy was bombarded with thousands of angry , pro-Iranian messages on its Facebook page . The Navy responded with its own extensive statement on Facebook . "  We are aware of the long and proud history of the Persian people , " the Navy said at the time . It added that "  Arabian Gulf " is used for its forces , but that in other respects , including nautical charts and publications , "  the historic name of Persian Gulf is used . " Iran has gone after other groups before for either using the term "  Arabian Gulf ' or simply calling it "  the gulf . " The country banned the British publication The Economist once in 2006 for calling the waterway "  the Gulf , " and it launched protests against the Louvre museum in Paris when its guides did the same , the British newspaper The Guardian reported . Google would not say whether it has had direct contact with Iranian authorities on the issue , nor whether it has received many complaints . Holes says Google is "  boxing clever " -- making a smart move -- by not labeling something controversial . "  They do n't want to annoy anybody . " Google Maps has found itself in controversial terrain before . In November 2010 , a Nicaraguan general cited Google 's map of the border with Costa Rica to justify a reported raid in a disputed area . The dispute over the term "  Persian Gulf " is a reminder that what a place is called can have powerful political repercussions . While much of the world refers to the Asian nation west of Thailand as Myanmar , the U.S. government still calls it Burma . The State Department explains that the ruling junta changed the name to Myanmar in 1989 , but some in the democratic opposition do n't recognize the change . "  Out of support for the democratic opposition , and its victory in the 1990 election , the U.S. government likewise uses ` Burma , ' " the State Department website says . The United States also does not use the name Kampuchea , instead calling that country Cambodia . The State Department says the Khmer Rouge turned Cambodia , "  which it called Democratic Kampuchea  DK  , " into "  a land of horror . " In Israel , some officials refer to the West Bank as Judea and Samaria -- biblical references used to highlight Jewish history on the land and bolster a view that it should be part of modern Israel . In Northern Ireland , nationalists and unionists have battled for years over whether to call an area Derry or Londonderry . Argentina and much of Latin America call the Falklands the Malvinas . Argentina presses claims to the islands 30 years after losing a war with Britain over them . "  You kind of own something if it 's called the way you want it called , " Holes , the Oxford professor said , adding that there is a "  kind of a feeling that who you are is tied into issues of how you name things . "	Google tells CNN this body of water was never labeled Spats over naming have cropped up from "  Malvinas " to "  Derry " to "  Kampuchea " Iran 's Foreign Ministry says Google is being used by the nation 's enemies
Washington  CNN  -- A jury was seated Friday in the trial of a man charged with the 2001 murder of Chandra Levy . Prosecutors , defense attorneys and the judge picked 12 women and four men -- four of the 16 are alternates -- to serve on the panel . The trial is expected to start Monday . Levy 's disappearance nine years ago received widespread publicity because of her relationship with a congressman . The revelation contributed to the political downfall of California Democrat Gary Condit , who now may be called to the witness stand . Police said Condit was never a suspect in the case , although he was questioned intensively as investigators tried to find Levy , who vanished at the end of her federal internship at the U.S. Bureau of Prisons . Blog : Retracing Chandra Levy 's steps The man accused of her murder , Ingmar Guandique , is a reputed member of the Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha . Authorities believe that he attacked Levy , 24 , as she jogged in a park , killing her when she began to scream . Her remains were found more than a year later in a wooded area of D.C. 's Rock Creek Park . Guandique was sentenced in 2002 for attacking two other women in the same park . Years later , officials say , he admitted to fellow inmates that he had killed Levy . Defense attorneys have questioned the police investigation and , this week , wondered about a second man named in a FBI fingerprint memo prosecutors had just disclosed to Guandique 's counsel . In that memo , both Guandique and the other man were cleared of any match in fingerprints lifted from a vehicle parked near the crime scene . Guandique denies that he committed the crime , and there is no physical evidence linking him to it , leaving prosecutors to base their case largely on his alleged jailhouse admission that he killed the young intern . The judge in the case struck a number of potential jurors this week without further questioning . They provided unacceptable answers on a 55-question survey the pool filled out Monday . Others were called in to further explain certain responses that could affect their ability to render a fair verdict . The judge 's instructions and opening presentations in the trial are expected to begin Monday .	The trial is expected to start Monday The man charged with her murder says he is not guilty Levy disappeared in 2001 ; her body was n't discovered for a year
CNN  -- At home and at work , there was no doubting Mary Sherlach 's success . Professionally , she 'd worked in three Connecticut school systems before settling in as school psychologist at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown , writing on her website that "  I truly enjoy working with the SHS staff , parents and children . " Personally , she 'd been married to her husband for more than three decades and , together , they were "  proud parents " of two daughters in their late 20s . It all ended in an instant Friday morning , when , authorities say , 20-year-old Adam Lanza went into Sherlach 's school and killed her and 25 others , including 20 young students . Details were still emerging Friday night about exactly what happened . But a parent told CNN that she was in a room with Sherlach , the school 's principal , Dawn Hochsprung , and its vice principal when they heard a "  pop , pop , pop " sound around 9:30 a.m. Slain Connecticut principal remembered as energetic , smiling , passionate The three school administrators headed into the hall to find out what was happening . Hochsprung and Sherlach did n't come back alive . Sherlach , 56 , was an expert in psychology , having earned her undergraduate degree in that subject at SUNY Cortland and a master 's degree at Southern Connecticut State University . Before becoming a school psychologist , she worked as a rehabilitation assistant at a psychiatric facility , at a group home for disabled adults and as a community mental health placement specialist . Her experience in education included stints in the Redding , North Haven and New Haven public school systems before landing at Sandy Hook Elementary in 1994 . During her time in Newtown , Sherlach kept busy as a member of numerous groups such as the district conflict resolution committee , safe school climate committee , crisis intervention team and student instructional team . "  I ... am always ready to assist in problem-solving , intervention and prevention , " she wrote . In the "  About Me " section of her website , Sherlach also spoke extensively about her family . "  My husband Bill and I have been married 31 years and are the proud parents of two beautiful daughters , ages 25 and 28 , " she said . Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' Sherlach then went into detail about each of her children , one a high school chorus teacher in southern New Jersey and the other a Ph.D. candidate in chemistry at Georgetown University . Sherlach listed her interests as gardening , reading and going to the theater . She and her husband lived in Trumbull , Connecticut , and "  enjoy traveling and spending time at our lake home " in upstate New York 's Finger Lakes region . Her sudden death prompted Jeanne Stocker to write an emotional tribute on Facebook , saying she was "  beyond numb as I lost a good childhood friend . " "  She gave her life protecting these children , " Stocker said . "  Her husband Bill and two daughters are beyond devastation . Just so unfair and horrific too . " People are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting . What are your thoughts ? Share them with CNN iReport . CNN 's Diana LaPosta , Ann Colwell , Meredith Artley and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report . The story was written by Greg Botelho .	Mary Sherlach was a school psychologist at Connecticut 's Sandy Hook Elementary She was among 26 people killed by a gunman inside the Newtown school On Facebook , a friend calls Sherlach 's death "  so unfair and horrific " Sherlach was married for more than 30 years and had two daughters
CNN  -- Formal trial proceedings against the alleged planners of the 9/11 atrocities have finally begun . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four co-defendants were arraigned on capital charges before a military judge in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , on Saturday . The Obama administration claims that its improved military commission rules ensure a fair and credible trial . But outside the United States , who will view a U.S. military trial and potential execution of our enemies as credible ? Doubters will have ample reason for skepticism : If there is indeed sufficient evidence of the defendants ' guilt , why not try them before the same civilian courts that try homegrown terrorists like Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh ? Resorting to trial by military commission amounts to an admission that the government is unwilling to take the risk of proving the 9/11 defendants guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , under the same rules that apply to trials of heinous criminals . If we want to hand al Qaeda a re-energizing martyrdom , this may be a good way to do it . Doubts will be magnified by the fact that the Obama administration initially planned to try the defendants in federal court in New York City . It backed down only under intense political pressure . So the decision to try one of the most important crimes in American history before a military commission was made for reasons of politics , not justice . The Pentagon 's military commissions web site is headlined , "  Fairness , Transparency , Justice . " All three are dubious . The rules overlook forests of unfairness for trees of trivia . For example , after the government held the 9/11 defendants incommunicado in CIA "  black sites " for years , without access to lawyers , family or the Red Cross , and then imprisoned them without trial for five more years at Guantanamo , it seems ludicrous that it had to arraign them in an unusual Saturday session , in order to comply with a rule requiring their arraignment within 30 days of being charged . Transparency also took a hit on Saturday . During their long imprisonment , the 9/11 defendants say , they were repeatedly tortured or otherwise abused . Mohammed , for example , was subjected to "  water board " torture 183 times , according to a former CIA official . Yet none of this could be mentioned at the arraignment . One defendant refused to enter the courtroom voluntarily and so was brought in shackled to a chair . When his military defense counsel , Capt. Michael Schwartz , explained that his client was reacting to longstanding abuse , the audio feed to press observers in the U.S. was cut . Apparently Schwartz had dared to say the word "  torture . " The military judge admonished him not to cross over the line of what could be said in open court . So much for transparency . Finally , and above all , justice will be cheated at this trial . For example , although the rules now prohibit admission of statements obtained by torture or by cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , the rules still allow admission of evidence derived from statements made under torture , so long as a military judge concludes that admission is "  consistent with the interests of justice . " It did not have to be this way . There are better ways to reconcile the competing demands of justice for 9/11 victims and their families , versus justice for defendants who have been detained and allegedly brutalized for years in violation of standards recognized by international law . One way might have been to let the defendants pursue their torture claims through separate lawsuits against the Bush administration officials who authorized their alleged mistreatment . But U.S. courts have blocked these lawsuits on the ground that the officials enjoy immunity from such suits . Another way might have been to refer the 9/11 prosecutions to an international criminal court whose judgments would have more credibility in the world in general , and in the Muslim world in particular . U.S. officials have raised objections to the International Criminal Court . But the ICC is not the only such court . The U.S. has supported the Special Court for Sierra Leone , where former Liberian tyrant Charles Taylor was recently convicted , and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon , which has indicted individuals for the assassination in 2005 of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . Granted , every approach has its drawbacks . But the U.S. has settled on the worst alternative of all : military trials . As a former lawyer in the Navy Judge Advocate General 's Corps , I know that military trials -- of American service personnel -- can be scrupulously fair . However , as the common law maxim states , justice must not only be done , it must be seen to be done . In the long view of history , and around the world , justice will not be seen to be done if convictions and death sentences are imposed on our alleged enemies by a U.S. military court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglass Cassel .	Military trial of the alleged planners of the 9/11 attacks on America began on Saturday Douglass Cassel : Trying them in a U.S. military commission will not be seen as credible He asks , why not try them before the same civilian courts that try homegrown terrorists ? Cassel : The decision to use a military trial was made for reasons of politics , not justice
CNN  -- He 's no Beyonce , but Michael Cera can still pull off a surprise album release . The "  Arrested Development " star released an 18-track album titled "  True That " which features instrumental compositions and some vocals . Cera is no novice when it comes to music : He 's sung backup vocals and played some on a Weezer track and jammed with the indie rock group Mister Heavenly . The Daily Beast called it "  a mix of instrumental tracks , lovely ballads and solemn covers " and compares  perhaps tongue-in-cheek  his project to Beyonce 's surprise album . The Daily Beast 's Amy Zimmerman asks : "  So is there any difference at all between Michael Cera 's true that and BeyoncÃ © 's BeyoncÃ © ? " She answers her own question . "  Honestly , not really . In ` What Gives , ' Cera samples what appears to be a child 's voice , which is a blatant attempt to rival Blue Ivy 's vocal stylings on ` Blue . ' ` Sexy Danger ' has all the wild , sensual energy of ` Drunk in Love , ' but with absolutely no words ! " His "  Superbad " costar Jonah Hill tweeted his support of the project saying "  My great friend Michael Cera not only is a brilliant actor , he also makes great music . " Cera 's album is available for download on his site . Netflix : Stay tuned for more ` Arrested Development '	The album has 18 tracks Jonah Hill tweeted about it One writer compared it to Beyonce 's album
CNN  -- Cheick Diabate scored twice as Mali defeated 10-man Ghana 2-0 to finish third in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations on Saturday . The Bordeaux striker opened the scoring in the 23rd minute stabbing home a rebound after Ghana keeper Adam Larsen failed to hold onto Bakaye Traore 's low shot . Ghana offered little in reply during the remainder of the first period with only a Jordan Ayew shot forcing a save from Oumar Sissoko . The Black Stars did manage to get the ball in the back of the net when Sulley Muntari fired home but he was ruled offside . Best of Africa ? Ivory Coast and Zambia clash in final Their chances of getting back on level terms were dealt a blow in the 64th minute when Issac Vorsah was given his second yellow card of the game for kicking out at Samba Diakite . Mali made sure of third place 10 minutes from time when Cheick Diabate scored his second to ensure The Eagles ' best result in the competition since 1972 when they were beaten finalists . Zambia take on Ivory Coast in Sunday 's final .	Mali finish in third place after defeating Ghana 2-0 Bordeaux striker Cheick Diabate scores twice to record Mali 's best finish for 40 years
CNN  -- Facing near-record floodwaters , Red River communities in Minnesota and North Dakota raced Tuesday to shore up levees and dikes , officials said . "  We 're in the full flood fight mode here , " Fargo , North Dakota , City Administrator Pat Zavoral said . Last week , warm weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead , Minnesota , causing the Red River to swell as it flows north . Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities . Forecasters predict the river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage . Last year , the river rose to a record 40.8 feet at Fargo . "  We have every contractor we have in the area on a 24-hour shift , preparing dikes , hauling dirt , delivering sandbags , " Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker said . "  We have never lost a flood fight here in Fargo , " he said . "  We 're going to be optimistic about this for the rest of the week , that we 're going to be able to save our community one more time . " Volunteers have answered the call to fill 1 million sandbags this week , Zavoral said . "  We 're putting up temporary clay levees , and we 've produced sandbags , and we 're delivering them to the low-lying neighborhoods , " he said . Early Tuesday , the river level stood at 27.6 feet , according to the National Weather Service . Flood stage is 18 feet , according to the service . "  We thought we had a couple more weeks , and with the weather and the quick thaw and the rains we 've had recently , it 's really made it more difficult and it 's really sped up the crest , " Fargo police Sgt. Carlos Nestler said . Residents in Fargo and Moorhead are busy building sandbag dikes along the river 's edge . Fargo 's Kurt Kaye is doing what he did last year , helping friends protect their home from the rising Red River , which runs through their backyard . Like most residents , he said he 's resolved to keep the water at bay . "  I think everyone is a little tired of it , but they 'll get behind it and go , " he said . "  They need to get it done to save their houses . " Zavoral , the city administrator , said Fargo is better prepared this year to deal with a major flood . "  We 've spent about $ 10 million putting in permanent flood protection in some of the neighborhoods and bought out about 26 homes in the low-lying areas , " he said . City officials have said they believe they 'll need about 1 million fewer sandbags than were used last year . Is severe weather happening near you ? Share your stories , photos and video Meanwhile , along the Eastern Seaboard , flooding fears eased as a powerful nor'easter pushed into the Atlantic Ocean , though scattered flood warnings were in place from the mid-Atlantic states to Maine . Thousands of customers remained without power in the Northeast after rain and hurricane-force winds whipped the region over the weekend . At least seven deaths were attributed to the storm , five caused by falling trees , authorities said . See a tree on a house in New Jersey Two people died in New Jersey . Authorities from Connecticut , New Hampshire , New York , Rhode Island and West Virginia said they each had one storm-related death . See photos of storm damage in Connecticut The outages were caused mostly by power lines downed by Saturday 's winds , which knocked over trees and utility poles . Winds reached 75 mph at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport -- as strong as a Category 1 hurricane . CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Fargo , North Dakota , prepares as Red River rises quickly Forecasters predict river will crest Saturday about 20 feet above flood stage At least seven deaths attributed to powerful nor'easter along Eastern Seaboard Thousands still without power after storm in Northeast
CNN  -- U.S. military aircraft and a Coast Guard cutter Saturday searched a large swath of sea for a catamaran and five American sailors that went missing between Guam and the Philippines . The 38-foot Pineapple was last seen January 6 in Guam harbor , officials said . The crew was making the 1,400 mile  2,250-km  journey to the island of Cebu to deliver the vessel , Coast Guard officials said . The crew is experienced and well-provisioned , but the craft has no long-range emergency communications equipment and faced challenging winds during part of the journey , officials said . The four unidentified men and one woman are friends and have taken sailing classes , said Coast Guard Lt. Gregg Maye , command center supervisor in Guam for search and rescue . "  The experience level gave us confidence , " Maye said of the crew . "  The master has made voyages like this before , " he said of the captain of the vessel , which has a white hull and white sails . U.S. forces are searching 60,000 square miles of the Philippine Sea , and the Philippine coast guard is searching its islands , Maye told CNN . Two Coast Guard C-130 Hercules aircraft , a Navy P-3 Orion , a U.S. Navy H-60 Seahawk helicopter , an Air Force C-12 aircraft and the cutter Sequoia are leading the search effort . The Republic of Palau and the Federated States of Micronesia have allowed the United States to use their airfields , the Coast Guard said in a statement . The Pineapple 's crew was expected to arrive at the central island of Cebu around January 16 . "  They were well-stocked , " Maye said . "  They took plenty of water and provisions . " And people who have been on the sailboat said it was in good condition and seaworthy . Winds and currents were mostly favorable , but the 30-knot winds on part of the journey are troubling . "  Rigging and sails can get fouled . That 's why we are concerned , " the lieutenant said . Officials do n't believe the double-hulled vessel carried a satellite phone or distress radio beacon , Maye said . The crew has a hand-held radio with a range of a few miles . The captain apparently told someone the trip would take seven to 10 days , but it can take longer , Maye said . "  We would have expected for them to make the journey in two weeks . " On Tuesday , a relative contacted authorities , who began an investigation . And on Wednesday , the Coast Guard requested the use of the C-130s , which had to be flown from Hawaii , refueled and prepared for the aerial search , which began Saturday morning . One is being flown from Guam , the other from the island of Yap . The Coast Guard is using current and vessel drift models to determine the "  optimal search area , " Maye said . Broadcasts to commercial vessels have not yielded any sightings , the Coast Guard said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	The Pineapple left Guam on January 6 for the Philippines It is six days overdue Five Americans are on the vessel
New York  CNN  -- As a reproductive rights advocate and a proud mother of two , my blood ran cold as I read about Oklahoma 's new abortion legislation  HB 2656  . The state of Oklahoma just decided , and by an appallingly high margin I might add , that a doctor is protected from being sued if he or she chooses not to tell a woman that the baby she is carrying has a birth defect . State legislators made this decision Tuesday , voting 36-12 in the Senate and 84-12 in the House to override Gov. Brad Henry 's veto of this law .  The Legislature also overrode the governor 's veto of a second egregious law , HB 2780 , which forces women to view an ultrasound before having an abortion . Oklahoma , what have you done ? Under this new law , a doctor may withhold information , mislead or even blatantly lie to a pregnant woman and her partner about the health of their baby if the doctor so much as thinks that fetal test results would cause a woman to consider abortion . As expected , the anti-abortion movement is claiming victory . But this bill is n't "  anti-abortion . " It is devastating because it is anti-motherhood and anti-medicine . When I found out I was pregnant with each of my children , like every woman who has ever undergone fetal testing , I held my breath at each doctor 's appointment . I did n't let it go until the doctor or the tech said , "  Everything looks great . " I seized up when they took out the blood work results and I did n't relax until I heard , "  It all came back negative . " But a woman in Oklahoma no longer gets to exhale . Because now , when a doctor says , "  Everything looks fine , " she has to wonder ; does it really ? Oklahoma politicians have now said that she can no longer count on the sacred trust that always existed between her and her doctor . A doctor may now lie to her face and , in doing so , deny a woman what is quite possibly the most important piece of information she will ever receive in her life . The very thought makes my breath catch even now . The information you get on those visits matters to every woman getting prenatal care , regardless of what she decides to do based upon the results . The legislators have decided that a woman , when she becomes pregnant , loses the right to full , honest information from her doctor . It is her right to know this information . It is how she and her family determine what to do next , not only to decide if they want to continue a pregnancy , but also to consider how they will prepare to care for a special needs child . What specialist will they turn to ? What support will they require ? Who will hold their hand in the delivery room if a child is born who will only live an hour , or a day ? Does she want to call her own mom in from across the country or does she want to grieve silently with her partner ? What will they tell the children they already have ? Does n't every family have the right to the information that may help them decide the course of their future or the future of their child ? According to the Oklahoma State Legislature , they no longer do . These politicians have decided they know best what women need . They are wrong . I ask each politician in Oklahoma who voted yes on this bill : How dare you ? How dare you deny a woman the peace of mind that her baby is healthy ? How dare you not give her and her family time to prepare if , God forbid , her baby is not ? How is this bill "  pro-life " ? How is this mockery of medical care and paternalistic devaluing of women , "  pro-life " ? This bill is anti-mom , it 's anti-doctor and it is anti-family . And all women , regardless of how they feel about abortion , should be appalled . I hope the courts stand up for the women and families whom politicians have turned their backs on and find this law unconstitutional and flat-out wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Alice Carr .	Mary Alice Carr says new Oklahoma abortion law protects doctors who lie from lawsuits Doctor may withhold information that he or she believes would prompt an abortion , she says The law is paternalistic incursion that violates doctor-patient relationship , she says Carr : Oklahoma politicians mock medicine ; law should be found unconstitutional
CNN  -- Veteran NFL superstar Brett Favre has promised that this will definitely be his last comeback , having decided to return for one more season with the Minnesota Vikings . Favre , who turns 41 in October , has previously retired with the Green Bay Packers in March 2008 and in February 2009 with the New York Jets . But the 11-time Pro-Bowl selection has announced that he will continue for a 20th season with the Vikings following successful ankle surgery . He is now hoping to win his second Super Bowl title after taking Minnesota to within a match of last year 's final , losing in New Orleans as his final throw was intercepted . Favre was visited by teammates Jared Allen , Steve Hutchinson and Ryan Longwell this week , and confirmed his return to the Vikings on Wednesday . "  It was very tough , I could make a case for playing and not playing . Ultimately much has made about the three guys coming down , it was really about the team , " he told reporters at a press conference . "  When I left New Orleans a big part of me was , I do n't want to say done , but the fact we lost that game ... It 's hard to make people understand . "  The mental toll is what is hard to deal with . This team is a very good football team , the chances here are much greater than other places . From that standpoint it has always made it easier , but answering the bell again ... "  My wife always says I look at things more negatively than I should , but the ` what ifs . ' I 'd love to win the Super Bowl again , but what happens if you do n't ? " Favre has been plagued by injuries throughout his career , and said even his latest surgery has not stopped a new spur forming on his ankle . "  I have played 309 straight games , I ca n't complain . There 's nothing on me that 's 100 percent , there 's nothing on me that was the year before either . But the surgeries , I think , have made me a little better . "  There 's a little bit of pain there . The fact is it 's something I 'm going to have to deal with . There 's a little bit more range of movement there since the surgery , but we 're not talking about a lot . I was hoping to resolve this , but every time you sprain an ankle , mine sprains a little bit easier than it did earlier in my career . " However , Favre is hopeful that he can add to his 1996 Super Bowl triumph , having returned to training on Wednesday . "  I 've done it all . There 's nothing left for me to prove . I 'm here to have fun , help these guys win . I really enjoy this group of guys like you would n't believe . I think the feeling is mutual , " he said . "  I can promise you this : Not that I have ever set out as a goal to play 20 years , -LSB- but -RSB- it 's 20 years and I 'm done . This is the last year of my contract . I 'm sure a lot of people are like , ` Yes ! ' "  Did I just say that ? I do believe it now . I do . I 'm going to fall apart sometime . "	Brett Favre decides to play one more NFL season with the Minnesota Vikings Veteran quarterback aims to finally retire following his 20th season as a player The 40-year-old is hoping to win his second career Super Bowl before he quits He has officially retired on at least two other occasions , then returned to play
London  CNN  -- An advertisement for Marc Jacobs perfume featuring teenage actor Dakota Fanning has been banned in Britain because it "  sexualized children . " The ad , for Marc Jacobs "  Oh , Lola ! " fragrance , featured Fanning , the child star of "  War of the Worlds " and "  I am Sam " wearing a short dress and holding an oversized bottle of the scent in her lap . Four readers complained that the photograph -- which appeared in two British magazines in August -- was "  offensive and irresponsible , " for showing Fanning , 17 , "  in a sexualized manner . " Britain 's advertising regulator , the Advertising Standards Agency  ASA  agreed with the complaints , and has banned the picture from use in the UK . Coty UK , the perfume 's manufacturer insisted that the ad "  did not show any private parts or sexual activity " and said it was "  provoking , but not indecent . " But the ASA ruled that Fanning "  was holding up the perfume bottle ... in her lap between her legs and we considered that its position was sexually provocative . " In a statement , it said that while it accepted that Fanning was 17 , "  we considered she looked under the age of 16 , " and that her outfit and pose "  drew attention to her sexuality . " "  Because of that ... we considered the ad could be seen to sexualize a child . We therefore concluded that the ad was irresponsible and was likely to cause serious offense . " It is not the first time the ASA has banned advertisements featuring Hollywood stars -- in July , the watchdog ruled against a make-up ad starring Julia Roberts , on the grounds it had been airbrushed too heavily .	Ad for Marc Jacobs "  Oh , Lola ! " perfume banned in Britain Readers complained photograph of former child star Dakota Fanning "  sexualized children " Actor is 17 , but Advertising Standards Authority said she "  looked under the age of 16 "
CNN  -- An Antarctic cruise ship was under way again Wednesday after spending a day slowed by electrical malfunctions in rough weather and crashing cold waves , the organization that promotes the southernmost cruises said . The MV Clelia II was making its way northbound back to Argentina Tuesday when a large wave crashed over the 290-foot ship , "  breaking the starboard bridge window and dousing some electrical circuitry , " the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators said . "  This caused a temporary loss of communications and affected engine performance , " the organization said . "  Both engines remained operational and speed was reduced . " No passengers were injured , but a member of the crew suffered minor injuries , the group said . Another Antarctic cruise ship , the National Geographic Explorer , stayed with the Clelia II while repairs were made , and the ship resumed its journey across the Drake Passage when the repairs were complete . The association said all 88 of the Clelia 's passengers were Americans and that most of the ship 's 77 crew members were Filipinos . The Clelia II is expected to join with an Argentine channel pilot Thursday evening and arrive in Ushuaia , Argentina , early Friday .	The Clelia II is returning on its own power to Argentina A large wave doused electrical circuitry and broke a bridge window The ship 's engines remained operational but speed was reduced
CNN  -- Doctors in Colorado spotted it first -- a group of 10 children hospitalized with signs of a neurologic illness : limb weakness , cranial nerve dysfunction and abnormalities in their spinal gray matter . Now doctors at Boston Children 's Hospital have identified four patients with the same symptoms . Dr. Mark Gorman said the patients , who ranged in age from 4 to 15 , all suffered from a respiratory illness before being hospitalized with significant weakness in one or more of their limbs . Each case was different , he said ; some had trouble lifting their arms ; others had difficulty walking . One has been discharged . Three are still in the hospital . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating the cause of this unknown neurologic illness . Health officials are asking hospitals across the country to be on the lookout for similar cases . "  We do n't know , at this point , if there is any association between the enterovirus EV-D68 that 's circulating and the paralytic conditions some of the children in Colorado are experiencing , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said Monday . Tests of the Colorado children 's cerebrospinal fluid came back negative for enteroviruses and West Nile virus . But a test of their nasal passages found enterovirus in six out of eight patients who were tested . Of those six , four tested positive for enterovirus D68 , which has been sending children across North America to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses . The other two test results are pending . Boston Children 's Hospital is still awaiting test results for three of the children , Gorman said . One has tested negative for enterovirus D68 . "  We are approaching each patient on a case-by-case basis to work them up thoroughly for causes of their weakness and to determine the appropriate treatment , " he said . What parents should know about Enterovirus Enterovirus D68 is part of the Picornaviridae family , which also includes the poliovirus , other enteroviruses and rhinoviruses . Enteroviruses are very common , especially in late summer and early fall . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually appear like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But some types of enterovirus are more serious . These can cause hand , foot and mouth disease ; viral meningitis ; encephalitis  inflammation of the brain  ; an infection of the heart ; and paralysis in some patients . Enterovirus : My son was ` like a goldfish gasping for breath ' This year , enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . The virus has infected at least 443 people in 40 states , according to the CDC . Cases have also been reported in Canada . CNN 's Georgiann Caruso contributed to this story .	Doctors at Boston Children 's Hospital identify four patients with limb weakness Patients ' symptoms are similar to those seen in 10 children in Colorado CDC is investigating the cause
CNN  -- What 's a man to do after helming two of the most lucrative film releases to date  and re-releasing one in 3-D  ? Ride a one-man submersible to the deepest known point in the world 's oceans , before attempting to expand the Earth 's resource base by backing a new space venture . Obviously . James Cameron , known for writing and directing films like "  The Terminator , " "  Aliens , "  Titanic " and "  Avatar , " has made headlines recently for some science  non  fiction projects that wo n't be appearing on the big screen . Last month the filmmaker plunged more than 35,800 feet to the Mariana Trench , where he collected samples that will allow scientists to conduct research about the habitat . And now he 's apparently involved with Planetary Resources , along with several other distinguished investors . " -LSB- Cameron -RSB- has more money than you could spend in 100 lifetimes , a lovely wife and family , a huge compound ... a lot of Oscars , " said Howard Bragman , a longtime Hollywood publicist and the vice chairman of Reputation.com . " -LSB- He 's -RSB- made the two biggest movies in the entire world . After that , it kind of becomes about your dreams . It 's wonderful that somebody with these resources follows their dreams . " Wealthy celebrities like Cameron have the resources to boldly go where other people have only imagined . But there 's more to living out such dreams than a bottomless bank account . "  Cameron  has the infrastructure to carry this out , " Bragman told CNN . "  Same as someone like  Sir Richard  Branson . We 're not just talking about money here . " Branson , the business tycoon behind the Virgin Group , has used his notoriety and wealth to break several world records and purchase land  including a small island in the British Virgin Islands  , in addition to his many humanitarian initiatives . Oprah Winfrey is another celebrity who has been fortunate enough to follow her dreams . She opened The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in 2007 . Winfrey visited South Africa in January to congratulate the school 's first graduates . There are plenty of people with money who would n't be able to accomplish everything these celebs have accomplished or live out their dreams like Cameron has , Bragman said . "  Both  Cameron and Branson  are in industries that generate a lot of press , " Bragman said . "  They 're both incredibly successful . If some Russian billionaire did it , it would n't get the same attention . But when James Cameron does it , it 's fascinating . It 's a journey . And it might turn into a TV show . ... Knowing him , he 'll probably figure out a way to make money off -LSB- his underwater exploration -RSB- . That 's what a great businessman does . " "  The thing about James Cameron is , he can get his mind around a project the size of ` Avatar ' and keep his cool , " Roger Ebert wrote in 2009 . "  If it requires the development of untested technology , he takes the time to work on it . If he wants to create aliens human enough to be sexy and yet keep them out of the Uncanny Valley  the repulsion humans feel when robots look a little too realistic  , he test-drives them . " Cameron is somehow able to create worlds that do n't exist , and explain real events in a way that no one else can , Bragman said . His curiosity and his unlimited resources allow him to do this . "  And good for him and good for us who get to share in it , " he added . "  We 're seeing places we 've never seen before -LSB- because of him -RSB- " -- both on and off screen .	Cameron is the filmmaker behind "  The Terminator , " "  Aliens , "  Titanic " and "  Avatar " Cameron journeyed more than 35,800 feet underwater to the Mariana Trench Source : Cameron can create worlds that do n't exist , explain real events like no one else
CNN  -- One of Australia 's largest supermarket chains has come under fire for an online job ad that specified that "  no Indians or Asians " should apply . The ad , which sought cleaners at a Coles supermarket near the Tasmanian capital of Hobart , sparked condemnation after it was posted Sunday , according to Australian media reports . Coles said the offending ad was placed by a cleaning subcontractor without the company 's knowledge , in a written statement from spokesperson Jim Cooper . "  Coles is a proud , equal-opportunity employer and at no time have we ever issued the directives contained in this ad . " The company said it was "  extremely concerned to learn of the ad and its contents " and has terminated the subcontractor 's services as a result . It said it will also retrain its cleaning contractor on equal opportunity employment policies . The ad has since been removed from the popular Gumtree classifieds website . "  I 'm certainly going to look at commencing an investigation into what 's happeningâ $ " the role of Gumtree , what Coles ' role was , and find out more details about the subcontractor , " said Tasmania 's Anti-Discrimination Commissioner Robin Banks . She said the ad was clearly "  discriminatory on the basis of race " and a breach of the Tasmania Anti-Discrimination Act . Banks said she would examine whether Coles "  fulfilled its obligations to ensure its agents do not engage in discrimination , " while Gumtree may have breached the Act by permitting the publication of discriminatory advertising , she added . Banks said that while she has encountered discriminatory job ads in newspapers and other websites , this was the first case she has seen involving Gumtree . "  It happens every so often , " she said , adding that in her experience , newspaper editors have been "  very responsive " in improving procedures to vet ads and setting up training for their staff . In addition to media reports , Banks was alerted to the Coles ad through a post to her personal Facebook page . This showed that the community cares about fighting discrimination , she said . "  One of the things we 're trying to encourage in Australia , especially in Tasmania , is for people to do something about it  discrimination  , to report it . " India and China are among the most common countries of birth of non-native Australians . According to the 2011 census , 1.4 % of the country 's population is Indian-born , and 1.5 % hail from mainland China .	Australian supermarket chain under fire for online job ad that specified "  no Indians or Asians " should apply Coles said ad was placed by cleaning subcontractor without its knowledge Coles said subcontractor has been fired and it will retrain contractor on equal employment policies Tasmania 's Anti-Discrimination Commissioner will investigate Coles , website , and subcontractor
CNN  -- A videotape on a Russian Web site allegedly showing a State Department employee having sex with a prostitute is a "  smear campaign " meant to discredit the man , a State Department spokesman said Thursday . The State Department has said the tape allegedly showing an employee having sex with a prostitute is a fake . The employee , Brendan Kyle Hatcher , denied any encounter with a prostitute to his superiors at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , another State Department official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the U.S. ambassador to Russia , John Beyrle , "  supports " Hatcher , who remains at his job at the embassy . Hatcher had previously worked in the sensitive area of religious and human rights in Russia , the spokesman said . "  Mr. Hatcher ... enjoys the full confidence of Ambassador Beyrle and fully intends to serve out the rest of his tour in Moscow , " Kelly said at an afternoon briefing at the State Department . The United States "  deplores this type of campaign and use of the Internet to smear a foreign service officer of good standing , " he added . Watch why the U.S. says the tape is doctored " Beyrle was unequivocal in expressing his support in an interview with ABC News . "  Kyle Hatcher has done nothing wrong , " he said . "  Clearly , the video we saw was a montage of lot of different clips , some of them which are clearly fabricated . " A senior State Department official said , "  It 's a doctored tape and a set-up designed to implicate someone working as a liaison with religious and human rights groups in Russia . " The official said Hatcher , who is married , "  was approached by Russians ; they tried to blackmail him , but he did everything correctly , " reporting the incident to his supervisors at the Embassy . The tape then appeared on the tabloid newspaper Web site Compromat.ru and was picked up by other outlets . Diplomatic sources who declined to be named said Compromat.ru has a history of ties to Russia 's security services . Russia 's Foreign Ministry had no comment when asked about the video . Another senior State Department official , who has seen the video , said "  it 's clear to me that it 's him , " referring to portions showing Hatcher alone in the hotel room . "  But then the lights go down , " and the footage from there on is faked , that official said . The video of Hatcher in the hotel room was taken last year , "  somewhere in Siberia , " said the senior State Department official who watched the video . It was shot in a hotel that Hatcher visited , the official said . When questioned about the possible motivation for creating the video , the official said it 's presumed "  it was done because of his human rights work , " in Russia . The official doubted the incident will have any effect on U.S.-Russian relations and noted that the Kremlin and the Russian Foreign Ministry have both been "  very cooperative " in the months since the footage came to light . "  The vast majority of people there are working toward better relations , " the official said . Another official said Hatcher is a "  great officer " who , until last summer , was a political reporting officer focusing on religious freedom issues in Russia . The assignment lasts two years : one year in that specialty and a year on the visa-issuing line at the embassy . Last year , this official said , Hatcher was the lead officer compiling the State Department 's Religious Freedom report and was given an award for his work by the ambassador . Another official confirmed that Hatcher received a meritorious honor award in 2009 and a group award in 2008 . Hatcher , one official said , worked with religious groups that are considered "  outside the mainstream " in Russia , such as Protestants and non-Christians . Such faiths often face official and unofficial discrimination in the largely Russian-Orthodox society . Another senior State Department official said , "  there is a lot of inertia " among some special security services in Russia . "  They are pretty much unreconstructed , " he said . The security services may have wanted to compromise Hatcher 's ability to work with religious groups , he says , "  or they may have wanted to throw a stick into the spokes " of the U.S.-Russia relationship . "  Some in Moscow , " he said , "  are looking to integrate with the West , and others are trying to stop that . " The officials asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter . CNN 's Matthew Chance in Moscow and Paul Courson in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian officials are being "  very cooperative , " U.S. official says Russian site allegedly shows State Department employee having sex with prostitute U.S. ambassador says video clips "  clearly fabricated " Official : Tape meant to discredit employee working in religious and human rights
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical storm Ida could regain hurricane status Saturday night as it heads toward the Gulf Coast . The northern Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico is under a hurricane watch and a tropical storm warning , the National Hurricane Center said . Pinar del Rio , in western Cuba , is also under a tropical storm warning , the center said . During a hurricane watch , hurricane conditions are possible within 36 hours . Tropical storm conditions are possible within 24 hours under a tropical storm watch . Ida made landfall as a hurricane Thursday morning over east central Nicaragua , pelting the Central American nation with heavy rain before weakening to a tropical storm . At 7 p.m. ET , Ida was heading north-northwest at about 10 mph  17 kph  and was about 180 miles  290 km  east-southeast of Cozumel , Mexico , the hurricane center said . Track Ida 's projected path Forecasters expect the storm , with winds of 70 mph  110 kph  , to reach hurricane status by Saturday night or early Sunday . If the storm becomes a hurricane again , however , it could lose power and downgrade back to a tropical storm in the coming days . As Ida crosses the Yucatan Channel , the Yucatan Peninsula and western Cuba could get 3 to 5 inches of rain ; some areas could see as many as 10 inches , the center said . The Gulf Coast could experience heavy rain and coastal flooding next week as Ida approaches the area . Ida is the Atlantic region 's ninth named storm . The Atlantic hurricane season ends November 30 . CNN meteorologists Dave Hennen and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	Forecasters expect Ida to reach hurricane status by Saturday night or early Sunday Mexico 's Northern Yucatan Peninsula under hurricane watch , tropical storm warning At 7 p.m. ET , Ida was heading north-northwest at about 10 mph  17 kph
As the ramifications of a grisly chemical weapons attack loom over a summit of world leaders , some of Syria 's staunchest friends blasted what they call the "  arrogance " of U.S.-led efforts to strike the war-torn nation and said those who do will pay a steep price . Iran 's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Thursday the United States -- which , in addition to being one of his country 's chief adversaries , has led the push to punish Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government over chemical weapons -- has no right to make "  humanitarian claims  given  their track record " in Iraq , Afghanistan and at the military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The turmoil in the Middle East , Iran 's leader said in remarks reported by state-run Press TV , is a "  reaction of the global arrogance " that is rooted Washington . Should the United States and allies strike Syria , he added , it wo n't be able to "  eliminate  the  resistance . " "  We believe that the Americans are committing a folly and mistake in Syria and will , accordingly , take the blow and definitely suffer , " said Khamenei . He spoke on the same day Hezbollah issued its first official statement since the effort began to strike al-Assad 's forces in the wake of an August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus that , the United States estimates , killed more than 1,400 people , many of them children . Video : Rows of bodies , injured children after attack The group , which is popular in parts of the Arab world yet labeled a terrorist organization by the United States , claimed that any military action against Syria 's government is "  a form of direct and organized terrorism . " "  These threats fail to conceal the true objectives of this strike aimed at mobilizing Israeli  strength  in the region in an attempt to impose the Western colonial grip , " Hezbollah alleged in a statement read by parliamentarian Hassan Fadlallah , as reported by Lebanon 's official National News Agency . The remarks from Hezbollah and Iran are significant , given concerns that international military intervention in Syria could set off a wider war that further destabilizes the region and , thus , the world . Based in Lebanon , Hezbollah is linked to numerous terrorist attacks and is one of Israel 's chief adversaries . So , too , is Iran , which has been at odds with Washington and others for years regarding its nuclear program . Still , U.S. and other leaders continue to press for military action against Syria 's government -- taking their arguments , through Friday , to the G20 summit in St. Petersburg , Russia . Before heading east , U.S. President Barack Obama said that he believes the world has a duty to act , saying a failure to do so would give those with chemical , biological and nuclear weapons carte blanche to use them on anyone . Arguing that "  the international community 's credibility is on the line , " the president said , "  The moral thing to do is to not to stand by and do nothing . " Yet Russia , which repeatedly has used its veto power to block U.N. Security Council efforts targeting al-Assad , has pushed back . They accused Washington and others of being overzealous and bull-headed by ordering strikes without irrefutable proof Syrian leaders are responsible for using chemical weapons , something they do n't publicly believe . Russian President Vladimir Putin even went so far as to accuse U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry of being dishonest as he makes the case to Congress for a strike , including his assertions about the role of an al Qaeda-linked group in Syria . "  He is lying , and  he  knows he is lying , " Putin said at an event Wednesday . "  It 's sad . " British scientists find traces of sarin gas Russia also has challenged assertions that Syrian forces has used chemical weapons , killing rebel fighters and civilians , including in the attack last month on a rebel stronghold near Damascus . Such accusations against al-Assad and his government are hardly new since his government cracked down on protesters in 2011 , setting off what became a civil war that the U.N. estimates has left more than 100,000 people dead , produced over 2 million refugees and displaced another 4 million inside Syria . The violence shows few signs of abating : On Thursday , for instance , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported at least 87 more dead nationwide , among them 14 women and 14 children . How you can help Syrian refugees While the overall bloodshed has drawn rebukes and spurred some support for the opposition , it 's chemical weapons allegations -- involving sarin gas , an extremely volatile and potentially lethal nerve agent -- that provoked the threat of direct international military action . In June , France 's foreign minister said samples in his nation 's possession showed sarin gas had been used several times in Syria . The United States has made such assertions on multiple occasions , including in April when Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel alleged there 's evidence sarin had been used lethally on a small scale . More recently , Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that blood and hair samples from near the August 21 eastern Damascus attack site "  tested positive for signatures of sarin " gas . What are signatures of sarin gas ? And on Thursday , the British prime minister 's office announced that its military scientists found traces of sarin gas in soil and clothing taken from a patient treated near the site of an alleged chemical weapons attack outside Syria 's capital . Scientists at the Porton Down military laboratory concluded the samples were unlikely to have been faked , and Britain is sharing its findings with the United Nations , the office said . The U.N. was expected to review samples taken by its own inspectors this week . Echoing rebel forces , Washington has insisted that al-Assad 's forces are behind such chemical weapon attacks , claiming only they have access to them and can deploy them on a large scale . Yet Syria has been equally adamant it has done no such thing , instead accusing "  terrorists " -- its blanket term for opposition fighters -- of deploying chemical weapons . Who is to blame , and what the world should do about it , looms large over Thursday and Friday 's G20 gathering of world leaders in St. Petersburg , Russia . G20 : Where geopolitics trump economics The summit 's focus is officially on economic matters , though the deep divisions among its participants on this pressing issue are hard to ignore : the U.S. and French leaders are calling for a military strike against Syria 's government , while Russian leaders are standing by their longtime ally and questioning claims al-Assad 's government is responsible for gassing its own people . How these talks influence the debate , if at all , is itself in question . When asked Thursday while walking alone to dinner if any progress had been made on Syria , U.S. President Barack Obama said , "  No , we talked about the economy . " Fervent debate in U.S. , around the world A sweeping international consensus seems unlikely as long as Russia -- which will host Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Moscow on Monday , according to Syria 's official SANA news agency -- and the United States maintain their firm positions Kerry said this week , in Washington , that "  at least 10 countries have pledged to participate " in a military intervention that Obama and French President Francois Hollande have urged . Yet that figure could well change . Britain , normally a dependable U.S. ally in military affairs , has voted against joining any military action . And officials in France -- where polls show one in three people favor strikes -- have said they will wait until the United States decides on a course of action . Read the U.S. Senate draft resolution  . pdf That wo n't come until after Congress weighs in , likely next week , on a measure authorizing strikes focused on degrading Syria 's ability to use chemical weapons . While congressional leaders have backed Obama 's call for action , most legislators are officially undecided so much that what happens is still anyone 's guess . "  It weighs on me , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who added "  it is conclusive " chemical weapons were used . " ... There is no question that what  public reaction  is coming in is overwhelmingly negative . " Yet the president -- arguing that the world can not afford a country to use such weapons against its own people without responding -- has n't promised he 'll abide by the vote in Congress . And Pentagon spokesman George Little said the Syrian government "  should not take solace from the deliberative process that we are undertaking right now . " "  We have time to adjust , if necessary , given conditions on the ground , given what the Syrian regime may or may not do in terms of movements of equipment and so forth , " Little told reporters Thursday . Fast facts : Sarin gas Whatever the United States decides , some world leaders are stumping against military action . In a letter Thursday to Putin in his role as host of the G20 summit , Pope Francis urged a "  peaceful solution through dialogue " and called an armed intervention a "  futile pursuit . " Speaking from St. Petersburg , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said that while the international community "  can not remain idle " in the face of Syria 's apparent chemical weapons use , "  there is no military solution to the Syrian conflict . " "  Only a political solution can end the terrible bloodshed , grave violations of human rights and the far-reaching destruction of Syria , " he said . "  Too many lives have already been lost and too many people have suffered for too long and lost too much . "	Opposition group reports 87 dead , including 14 women and 14 children Hezbollah calls potential U.S. strikes a form of "  organized terrorism " Obama continues to press for a military action as a "  moral " imperative British scientists detect sarin in the Damascus-area attack , echoing U.S. claims
Kanye West has been called many things , but these days the best description -- according to him -- is family man . The 36-year-old rapper appeared on Kris Jenner 's daytime talk show "  Kris " on Friday to discuss his relationship with Jenner 's daughter , Kim Kardashian , and their new addition , North . But if Kanye was smart , he 'd hire Jenner as part of his PR team . The reality TV momager , who has extended her family 's brand from E! to Fox with this test run of her talk show , reiterated several times that the stone-faced and difficult Kanye portrayed in the media is not the man she 's come to know .  Kanye , after all , is now living in her home . "  I 'm so excited that I 've gotten to know you like I have , " Jenner said . "  There are a lot of things that people do n't know about you that are so interesting to me that I want other people to hear . " Kanye spoke about the effect of the birth on his outlook . "  To me it 's such a blessing , and I feel like it 's going to give me the stability that I need to really create and really do God 's work in the way I should , " Kanye , wearing a "  what would Jesus do " bracelet , told Jenner . "  Someone to be accountable , someone to be responsible for . After I lost my mother there were times I felt like I would put my life at risk , I felt like sometimes I did n't have something to live for . Now I have two really special people to live for , a whole family to live for . I want people , when they remember me and my family , their thought association to be someone who helped , someone who brought joy . " He did bring plenty of joy to Jenner 's show , as she beamed while displaying North 's photo for the audience . North , who was born June 15 , has her mother 's eyes and father 's cheeks , according to Jenner . "  The thing I think about as a dad is just protection . That 's my only goal , to Kanye said his goal is "  to protect my daughter . That 's my instinct . " "  To give my daughter as many opportunities to just be a child . Of course , a big thing that plagues us is this idea of the paparazzi chasing a 5-year-old around and screaming at them . ... You have enough things to deal with and to learn being a new parent and you add that on top of it , and it becomes really intense . " According to Jenner , Kanye 's been into his girlfriend for a long , long time , and would even use Photoshop to draw himself into the yearly Kardashian-Jenner Christmas card .  Seriously -- Jenner showed proof . Although he could n't quite remember the first time he met Kardashian , 32 , Kanye did know it was love at first sight . "  I 'm trying to remember if the first time we met was her being in the studio when she was Brandy 's assistant , and I think she brought us in , like , something to drink , " he said . "  Or it might 've been when I was doing Brandy 's video and I remember asking my manager , ` Who is that girl right there ? ' ... I was in love with her before I even got to talk to her . " Kim , he said , was always someone he dreamed about being with , but more importantly , he feels that they 're "  equally yoked . " "  Being in the limelight , you have to have a match , or someone that 's equally yoked , " he told Jenner . "  It 's difficult , because there 's people that you would date who would try to date you to maybe be more famous , or people who would want you to be less famous than you were , and just not accept who you are in life . And when I would be on the phone with her , even at my lowest moments , she 'd give me energy and remind me of who I was . And I needed that support at all times . " Kanye knows that there are those who think he and the Kardashian family would n't have much in common . But he 's trying to grow both spiritually -- "  I 'm a Christian , " he said , "  That 's what 's important to me , that I grow and walk and raise my family with Christian values . " "  People feel that me and my girlfriend 's mother are of different brands in a way , " he said . "  But it 's not about any of us being at odds , it 's about us helping each other and improving each other . I might be one of the only guys in the world that knows how to pick out a pair of shoes for a girl , but I have improvements that I need to make as a human being ... the way that I talk to people , being too sharp with people , or being too edgy . As a creative guy , sometimes it 's hard for me to small talk . ... And that 's something that  the Kardashian  family and Kim are teaching me , helping me to be a better person . " Given the negative press he 's had -- from that infamous mic-jacking at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards to more recent run-ins with the paparazzi -- does he have any regrets ? Not exactly . While there are things he wishes he could change , he also believes that "  everything happened for a reason , and I 've grown from it , " he said . "  I feel that I 'm very , very , very blessed , and with that comes great responsibility . With the way my parents raised me and the information that they gave me and this feeling that I have that I want to help , I think anything that could be considered a mistake will help me to make better decisions in the future . "	Kanye West appeared on Kris Jenner 's talk show Friday He discussed his relationship with Kim Kardashian and being a dad He also showed off the first picture of daughter North Kris Jenner told her audience that she thinks Kanye 's misunderstood
CNN  -- Amtrak Train 91 was way behind schedule . More than 13 hours behind schedule , thanks to a nearly half-day stranding just 2 miles from a train station . The Miami-bound Silver Star train had departed New York City on Sunday at 11:02 a.m. with 261 passengers aboard , and it was supposed to arrive just after 5 p.m. in the Richmond , Virginia , area . Instead it arrived there on Monday around 6:45 a.m. , according to Amtrak 's website . "  The dining car developed axle problems that disabled the train 2 miles north of the Staples Mill Road Station in Richmond around 5:30 p.m. Sunday , " said Amtrak spokeswoman Kimberly Woods , via e-mail . "  The dining car could n't be moved or cut out at the scene , because of the axle problems . " "  The train was between stops so safely removing the passengers or arranging alternate transportation was too problematic , " Woods said . "  The train began a very slow move  at 3:45 a.m.  to a siding in Richmond and arrived to the station just after 6:30 a.m. and a replacement car was added , " she said . "  The train resumed its trip around 7:12 a.m. "  A siding is a section of track off the main line . During the delay , passengers were free to move around inside the train , and they had access to food and water , bathrooms , and heating and air conditioning , she said . Passenger Kevin Smith was frustrated at how long it took Amtrak to solve the problem . "  If you are a corporation that alienates its customer base , you ai n't going to have customers , " Smith told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  I think Amtrak could have solved this a lot sooner . " Smith did n't fault the Amtrak employees on board , calling them fellow victims of the delay . "  The employees ca n't be faulted here . It 's obvious there 's an equipment problem . " Woods encouraged passengers to call 1-800-USA-RAIL for information about refunds and credits . "  A delay of this magnitude is considered rare and we understand the passengers ' frustrations from last night 's events , " she said .	Amtrak 's Silver Star train was disabled just 2 miles from a train station A problem with the axle on a dining car caused a 13-hour delay Passengers had access to food and water but were not allowed to leave the train
CNN  -- CNN has been singled out for criticism for our coverage of events in Tibet through an anti-CNN . com Web site and elsewhere . We have provided comprehensive coverage of all sides of this story , but two specific allegations relate to pro-Tibetan bias . We would like to take this chance to respond to them : Allegation 1 : CNN intentionally cropped an image in order to remove Tibetan protesters throwing stones at Chinese trucks . CNN refutes all allegations by bloggers that it distorts its coverage of the events in Tibet to portray either side in a more favorable light . We have consistently and repeatedly shown all sides of this story . The one image in question was used wholly appropriately in the specific editorial context and there could be no confusion regarding what it was showing , not least because it was captioned : "  Tibetans throw stones at army vehicles on a street in the capital Lhasa . " The picture gallery included in Tibet stories includes the image .  See the gallery We have also published images showing violence by Tibetans against the Chinese . A March 18 story shows Tibetan youths attacking a Chinese man .  Read the story Additionally , we have published video from the Chinese media apparently showing Tibetans attacking Chinese interests in Lhasa .  Watch the video  " Allegation 2 : CNN referred to Tibet as a "  country . " CNN 's policy is to refer to Tibet as "  Tibet Autonomous Region of China . " In our dozens of stories on the topic to date , we are aware of only two instances where it was incorrectly referenced as a country . CNN 's reputation is based on reporting global news accurately and impartially , while our coverage through the use of words , images or video always reflects a wide range of opinions and points of view on every story . E-mail to a friend	CNN issues response to criticism of Tibet coverage Network denies bloggers ' allegations of bias
Mental Floss  -- As midnight approaches on December 31st , more than a few of us will crack open a bottle or two of champagne to help toast in the New Year . Many a glass of champagne will be raised during a toast to the New Year . With a few choice facts about the bubbly stuff , you can look knowledgeable rather than just tipsy when you drain your flute . Here are a few little nuggets you can share with fellow revelers . 1 . What exactly is champagne ? Strictly speaking , champagne is a sparkling wine that comes from the Champagne region of northeastern France . If it 's a bubbly wine from another region , it 's sparkling wine , not champagne . While many people use the term "  champagne " generically for any sparkling wine , the French have maintained their legal right to call their wines champagne for over a century . The Treaty of Madrid , signed in 1891 established this rule , and the Treaty of Versailles reaffirmed it . The European Union helps protect this exclusivity now , although certain American producers can still generically use "  champagne " on their labels if they were using the term before early 2006 . 2 . How is champagne made ? Sparkling wines can be made in a variety of ways , but traditional champagne comes to life by a process called the methode Champenoise . Champagne starts its life like any normal wine . The grapes are harvested , pressed , and allowed to undergo a primary fermentation . The acidic results of this process are then blended and bottled with a bit of yeast and sugar so it can undergo a secondary fermentation in the bottle .  It 's this secondary fermentation that gives champagne its bubbles . This new yeast starts doing its work on the sugar , and then dies and becomes what 's known as lees . The bottles are then stored horizontally so the wine can "  age on lees " for 15 months or more . After this aging , winemakers turn the bottles upside down so the lees can settle to the bottom . Once the dead yeast has settled , producers open the bottles to remove the yeast , add a bit of sugar known as dosage to determine the sweetness of the champagne , and slip a cork onto the bottle . Mental Floss : Why is the drinking age 21 ? 3 . What 's so special about the Champagne region ? Several factors make the chardonnay , pinot noir , and pinot meunier grapes grown in the Champagne region particularly well suited for crafting delicious wines . The northern location makes it a bit cooler than France 's other wine-growing regions , which gives the grapes the proper acidity for sparkling wine production . Moreover , the porous , chalky soil of the area -- the result of large earthquakes millions of years ago -- aids in drainage . 4 . Do I have to buy champagne to get good sparkling wine ? Not at all . Although many champagnes are delightful , most the world 's wine regions make tasty sparkling wines of their own . You can find highly regarded sparkling wines from California , Spain , Italy , Australia , and other areas without shelling out big bucks for Dom Perignon . 5 . Speaking of Dom Perignon , who was this guy ? Contrary to popular misconception , the namesake of the famous brand did n't invent champagne . But Perignon , a Benedictine monk who worked as cellar master at an abbey near Epernay during the 17th and 18th centuries , did have quite an impact on the champagne industry . In Perignon 's day , sparkling wine was n't a really sought-after beverage . In fact , the bubbles were considered to be something of a flaw , and early production methods made producing the wine somewhat dangerous .  Imprecise temperature controls could lead to fermentation starting again after the wine was in the bottle . If one bottle in a cellar exploded and had its cork shoot out , a chain reaction would start .  Perignon helped standardize production methods to avoid these explosions , and he also added two safety features to his wines : thicker glass bottles that better withstood pressure and rope snare that helped keep corks in place . Mental Floss : The men behind your favorite liquors 6 . What 's the difference between brut and extra brut ? You 'll see these terms on champagne labels to describe how sweet the good stuff in the bottle is . As mentioned above , a bit of sugar known as dosage is added to the bottle right before it 's corked , and these terms describe exactly how much sugar went in . Extra brut has less than six grams of sugar per liter added , while brut contains less than 15 grams of additional sugar per liter . Several other classifications exist , but drier champagnes are more common . 7 . Why do athletes spray each other with champagne after winning titles ? Throughout its history , champagne has been a celebratory drink that 's made appearances at coronations of kings and the launching of ships . However , the bubbly-spraying throwdowns that now accompany athletic victories are a much more recent development . When Dan Gurney and A.J. Foyt won the grueling 24 Hours of Le Mans race in 1967 , they ascended the winner 's podium with a bottle of champagne in hand . Gurney looked down and saw team owner Carroll Shelby and Ford Motors CEO Henry Ford II standing with some journalists and decided to have a bit of fun . Gurney gave the bottle a shake and sprayed the crowd , and a new tradition was born . 8 . What 's sabrage ? After the French Revolution , members of Napoleon 's cavalry decided that the normal pop-and-foam ritual of opening a bottle of champagne just was n't as visually impressive as it could be . They responded by popularizing a way of opening bottles using a sword . The technique , known as sabrage , involved holding a bottle at arm 's length while quickly running a saber down the bottle towards the neck . When the saber 's blade struck the glass lip just beneath the cork , the glass breaks , shooting off the cork and neck of the bottle while leaving the rest of the vessel intact . Ceremonial "  champagne swords " are available for just this purpose , and if you can pull off this trick , you 'll be the toast of your shindig .  Be careful , though . A flying champagne cork is already you 'll - put-your-eye-out dangerous , and adding a ring of ragged broken glass to the equation does n't make the whole endeavor any safer .  Mental Floss : Drinking stories that put yours to shame For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Champagne is a sparkling wine from Champagne region of N.E. France Most of the world 's wine regions make tasty sparkling wines of their own Extra brut is less sweet than brut champagne Sabrage is technique of opening champagne bottler with a sword or saber
Paris  CNN  -- Turkey is fuming over French legislation that would criminalize any public denial of what the bill calls the Armenian genocide last century in Ottoman Turkey . "  We are reviewing our relations with France , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said after the French National Assembly passed the so-called Armenian genocide bill . "  We will take our measures phase by phase depending on France 's behavior from now on . Erdogan said Turkey is recalling its Paris ambassador for consultations to Ankara , is canceling bilateral visits , and wo n't cooperate with France in joint projects within the European Union . "  We are stopping all kinds of political consultations with France . We are canceling bilateral military activities and joint exercises from now on . We are canceling the permission granted annually for all military overflights , landings and take-offs . We are starting permission process for every military flight individually . From today on , we are rejecting the permission requests of military ships to visit ports . We will not attend and held the bilateral Turkey-France joint economic and trade partnership committee meeting that was planned for January 2012 under the co-chairmanship of the economy ministers of the two countries , " Erdogan said . "  I am underlining this . This is the first phase . " The bill -- applauded by Armenians -- must now be voted on by the country 's senate . Erdogan said he hopes the French Senate will vote down the bill . "  New measures will come to the agenda depending on the progress of the bill in France and we will apply them with determination without any hesitation . " Armenian groups and many scholars argue that starting in 1915 , Turks committed genocide , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . But modern-day Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , arguing instead that hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Muslim Turks died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I . The genocide debate is an annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States , two NATO military allies . The White House annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution which would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide . "  The issue should be researched not by politicians , but by historians , " Turkish Parliament Speaker Cemil Cicek said . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told Turkish lawmakers Thursday that Turkey is a friend and ally of France and strives to maintain a dialogue . Armenia 's foreign minister , Edward Nalbandian , hailed the move , saying France "  reconfirmed its high place of being the cradle of human rights and once again proved its commitment to universal human values . " "  The French people showed that human rights are highest value , and today by adopting this bill , " he said , indicating that crimes against humanity have no statute of limitations and deserve condemnation . According to official Turkish statistics , the volume of trade between Turkey and France from January to the end of October this year was more than $ 13.5 billion . CNN 's Yesim Comert and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report	NEW : Erdogan says Turkey is reviewing ties with France Turkish PM Erdogan threatens sanctions if the bill becomes law The genocide issue regularly comes up in the U.S. Congress The French Senate must vote on the measure now
London  CNN  -- The winners of this year 's British Wildlife Photography Awards have been announced . The competition , which was established in 2009 , has produced another batch of stunning entries capturing the diversity and beauty of wildlife in the UK . An image of a jellyfish taken by Richard Shucksmith in the waters off Sula Sgeir -- an uninhabited island 41 miles north of the isle of Lewis , Scotland -- was declared the overall winner . Greg Armfield , photography and film manager at WWF -- one of the competition 's several sponsors -- called it "  a truly beautiful shot , " which "  perfectly captures its iridescent and magical qualities . " Shucksmith picked up Â # 5,000  $ 7,800  for the shot with category winners being awarded Â # 1,000  $ 1,555  . The Young British Wildlife Photographers prizes went to 16-year-old Oliver Wilks for his "  Fox Yawning " image , while Walter Lovell  aged eight  captured an amazing image of a frog and its spawn . Seventy of this year 's best images will go on show at WildlifeXpo in London this October before heading off on a countrywide tour . Next year 's competition opens at the beginning of February 2012 . Submissions are welcome from all nationalities , but photos must be shot in the UK .	Winners of the 2011 British Wildlife Photography Awards announced Image of jellyfish taken off a uninhabited Scottish island declared overall winner Competition open to photographers worldwide but photos must be taken in UK
CNN  -- Since I first became aware of the maddening case of 36-year-old Sergio Garcia , who seeks admission to the California Bar , I 've tried to convince myself this accomplished young man -- a law school graduate who passed the bar exam -- should be able to practice law despite the inconvenient fact that he is an undocumented immigrant . Yet , I ca n't . My heart goes out to Garcia . But my head wo n't go along . This week , the California Supreme Court held a hearing to decide whether Garcia is eligible for a law license in California in a case that is certain to impact the fate of other undocumented immigrants in pursuit of legal careers . Garcia is opposed by the Obama administration 's Justice Department , which cites a 1996 law that prohibits states from providing undocumented immigrants with public benefits , including professional licenses . He is supported by California Attorney General Kamala Harris , who argues the issuance of law licenses is n't a federal matter but up to states to decide . A decision from the court is expected in the next 90 days . Garcia came to the United States from Mexico with his family when he was a toddler . He returned to Mexico with his mother when he was 9 and came back to the U.S. when he was 17 . He applied for citizenship . That was back in 1994 , and he is still waiting to hear from Uncle Sam . He told AP that he is n't worried about being deported because his case is well-known and he had notified immigration officials that he is in the U.S. awaiting a decision on his citizenship . While he waits , he has been working hard toward his goal of becoming a lawyer . He paid for his studies at Cal Northern School of Law in Chico , California , by working at a grocery store . Yet , in the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the idea . The individual -- Garcia -- looks like a keeper . The idea -- that one who has lived most of his life outside the law can practice law -- is problematic . This young man wants to put his hand on a Bible and pledge the following : "  I solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will support the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution of the State of California , and that I will faithfully discharge the duties of an attorney and counselor at law to the best of my knowledge and ability . " That oath comes from the California Bar Association , which states : "  It is the duty of an attorney to ... support the laws of the United States and of this state ... maintain the respect due to the courts of justice and judicial officers ...  and  never to seek to mislead the judge or any judicial officer by an artifice or false statement of fact or law . " How is Garcia supposed to uphold "  the laws of the United States " when he is , by his mere presence in this country , in violation of federal law ? How does he pledge to show respect for "  the courts of justice " when , for most of his life , he has lived here in defiance of the rule of law ? And how can he claim that he wo n't "  mislead " a judge or judicial officer when living in the United States illegally requires deception on a daily basis ? If Garcia had more respect for the profession that he is seeking to join , he might have second thoughts about whether he is eligible to join it . Yet , he seems to feel entitled to a law license and everything that comes with it . I 've had contact with Garcia in the past , and I 'm worried that he 's lived in the United States for so long that he 's picked up some bad habits from his fellow Americans . Several months ago , Garcia posted on Facebook : "  I have a career lined up with the potential of offering employment to U.S. Citizens , no criminal record anywhere and have been in limbo for the last 19 years . Where the hell is my American Dream ? Lol " I responded : "  Not to pick a fight , Sergio . But your question is very much part of the problem . ` Where 's mine ? Where 's my American Dream ? Gim me , gim me . ' You 're an American after all . I 'll tell the kid at Starbucks , the one with the sense of entitlement , to scoot over and make room . " I continued : "  If America gives you the chance to live the Dream , do n't you think it 's fair for her to ask for something in return ? She decided that she wanted your RESPECT , and that this could be demonstrated by you respecting her laws -- the same laws you say you want to spend your life serving and defending in a courtroom . Do n't you see the irony there ? " Garcia responded : "  Let me get done with lunch so I can address your entitlement issues . " He never got back to me . In his public comments , I have n't seen evidence that Garcia has considered for one minute the possibility that this case is about issues larger than himself , his plans , his dreams . I do n't think he has . And if the court decides in his favor , he never will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Should an illegal immigrant be able to practice law ? Navarrette : In the case of Sergio Garcia , my heart says yes but my head wo n't go along He asks how does Garcia show respect for law when he has lived in defiance of rule of law ? Navarrette : In the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the idea
CNN  -- One is a hip-hop superstar and music mogul who dazzles audiences with his lyrical prowess , the other is a gregarious golfer who fights with the world 's best to sink balls in the fewest shots . Their professions may be world 's apart but rapper Sean "  P Diddy " Combs and Ian Poulter have more in common than first meets the eye . That 's because Combs and Poulter -- who are both ferocious self-publicists , lovers of the high life and boast their own clothing lines -- are two examples of celebrities building business around their personalities . "  Brand Poulter " may have some way to go to match the Combs empire -- which includes a record label , restaurants and advertising operations worth $ 475 million according to Forbes Magazine -- but his entrepreneurial endeavour is showing promise . "  Poulter is a fascinating character , who 's developed his brand in a very interesting and idiosyncratic way , " said Gary Firkins , managing director of golf PR firm Landmark Media . For a player who is ranked 16 in the world and who has never won a major championship , the 35 year old has over a million followers on Twitter ; a following which has led industry experts to call him golf 's "  biggest brand " outside of Tiger Woods , who has only 750 , 000 followers . " -LSB- Via Twitter -RSB- the strength of his personality is allowed to shine through , and people feel like they know him , " Firkins added . Poulter 's clothing label , IJP Design , launched in 2007 . And while it 's yet to return a profit , the residual benefits to the Englishman 's celebrity have been obvious . "  I always wanted to have my own fashion line , " Poulter told CNN . "  My mum worked in the fashion industry , and one of my first jobs was selling clothes on a market stall . "  You definitely need to have an interest in what you wear and what looks good . My philosophy has always been ` look good , play great ' -- it may not matter so much to others , but it works for me . " Poulter 's style is not to everybody 's taste . At the 2004 British Open , he wore a pair of union jack trousers and a backwards flat cap . The following year his trousers were emblazoned with the tournament 's famous trophy -- the sacred Claret Jug . It was the marriage of loud clothes and strutting confidence that earned Poulter the "  peacock " tag he resents to this day , and helped make him one of golf 's most divisive personalities . He did n't help his cause with a rather bold claim in January 2008 . "  I have n't played to my full potential and when that happens , it will be just me and Tiger  Woods  , " Poulter said . To some it was arrogance , to others a refreshing moment of honesty . But , like his choice of trousers , everybody in golf was talking about it . "  In a world where athletes are so closely managed , Poulter brings a heart-on-the-sleeve honesty that appeals to people , " said Firkins . "  He 's allowed to express himself , and in this internet age -- where people demand openness and honesty , he very much suits the culture . People respond to him . " It is on the internet that Poulter is concentrating much of his marketing effort -- with the launch of a web site home for the "  pro golfer , fashion designer and personality , " and a Twitter account with 1.1 million followers . In golfing circles , only 2009 British Open champion Stewart Cink has bigger numbers on Twitter  1.2 million  , while P Diddy has 3.5 million followers . "  I love Twitter as it allows me to give my fans an inside view to what 's going on in my world , " Poulter said . "  It does n't matter if its video or pictures or just 140 characters , it 's a great way to give some insight into my life . " It is a colorful life that Poulter spends between Milton Keynes and Florida these days -- one that allows him to indulge his passions for football and basketball , with regular trips to watch Arsenal and the Orlando Magic . And then there 's his collection of luxury cars to maintain . Poulter 's garage boasts a Bentley Continental GT , a Ford GT , Nissan GTR , an Aston Martin DB9 and a Mercedes Benz GT -- to name but a few . When you factor in time for his family -- Poulter is married to Katie and has three children -- it is maybe not surprising he is regularly asked if he gives enough time to the sport that made it all possible . "  You ca n't hit golf balls 24/7 , you need some kind of a life , " Poulter said . "  I have that with my other interests . I get 26 weeks off a year and there is enough time in a day to enjoy many interests . " On the course , Poulter 's most notable successes have come in the Ryder Cup . Three times he 's represented Europe in the biennial match against the United States , winning eight of his 11 matches and endearing himself to millions in the process . The closest he came to winning a major championship was a runners-up finish in 2008 , but that has n't stopped his global brand reaching an appeal far in excess of all but one of the active players who 've managed the feat . "  You only have to see the ticket sales when Poulter plays in a tournament to see the power of his brand , " said Neil Gray , of golf marketing firm GMS . "  From our perspective in England , the only brand bigger in golf right now is Tiger Woods . "	Golfer Ian Poulter turned professional in 1995 , and has won 10 European Tour events He 's also represented Europe at the Ryder Cup three teams , in 2004 , 2006 and 2010 In 2007 Poulter launched his own clothing label , fulfilling a lifetime ambition With over 1.1 million fans on Twitter , he 's been labeled golf 's second biggest brand
CNN  -- First came relief for Keegan Bradley , Hunter Mahan and Webb Simpson . Then thoughts turned to redemption . The trio have been selected as wildcard picks by United States Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson for the biennial team clash with Europe that starts later in September . And all three have memories from their previous appearance in golf 's most enduring team contest they are desperate to erase . For Bradley and Simpson -- both major winners -- it is banishing the demons from the "  Miracle of Medinah " two years ago . The USA was on course for its first Ryder Cup victory since 2008 , before Europe overturned a 10-6 deficit on a dramatic final day . Both Simpson and Bradley succumbed in the singles , to Ian Poulter and Rory McIlroy respectively , and are keen to make amends at Gleneagles in Scotland . "  I 've made no secret of how important this team is to me and how badly I want to go back and win the Ryder Cup , " Bradley told a press conference in New York at which Watson revealed his selections . "  I think this is a redemption year for a lot of guys who were on the team in 2012 . " Bradley returned three points in Chicago thanks to a formidable partnership with five-time major champion Phil Mickelson . The 2011 U.S. PGA Championship winner has had an up and down year but has recorded top 20 finishes in his last five events . "  He has the ability to hit the ball a long way and he came up to Gleneagles with me before the  British  Open Championship to play a practice round , " Watson explained of his decision to pick the 28-year-old . "  He teamed up great with Phil Mickelson at Medinah and the most important thing he brings to it is his unbridled passion . " Simpson , the 2012 U.S. Open champion , was 15th on the qualification points list , lower than Chris Kirk who won the most recent PGA Tour event at the Deutsche Bank Championship . He said it was "  the greatest call " he 'd ever received when Watson contacted him to tell him the news . "  It was a week that I will never forget , " he said of 2012 . "  It was one of those weeks where it felt like we were going to win and it was kind of a shock Sunday afternoon . "  I 'll never forget the feeling that I had watching the other team celebrate . They were all smiles and having fun , we had our heads down and it was n't a good feeling . "  Two years has gone by very quickly and I remember all my matches like they were yesterday . I am eager to get back in the mix and try to get back the Ryder Cup . " Medinah was Simpson 's first Ryder Cup appearance , and he won two matches and lost two . Those wins were emphatic -- 5 & 4 -- both alongside two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson . And it was those big victories that persuaded captain Watson to select him . "  After struggling with a couple of different players , who was going to be the best for the team , I had a revelation this morning , " the 64-year-old said . "  I looked at the last time the Ryder Cup was played and I see Webb Simpson 5 & 4 , Webb Simpson 5 & 4 and I said ` that 's got to be the guy ' . Webb played in 2012 , did very well . "  He has the ability to go real low but more important in our conversations , I liked his desire to be on the team . He showed such a strong desire to be in the team and he has had the performance this year to be one of the picks . " Watson 's final pick -- Hunter Mahan -- is also out for redemption , but for the 2010 Ryder Cup , having missed the last transatlantic tussle . The 2010 installment , at Celtic Manor in Wales , saw the outcome go down to Mahan 's singles match with Graeme McDowell , the Northern Irishman defeating him to seal Europe 's victory . Mahan was a long way down the points list but has enjoyed a recent surge in form , finishing seventh at the U.S. PGA Championship before winning the recent Barclays tournament in the season-ending FedEx Playoffs . "  Losing lingers , " Mahan said of his 2010 experience . "  It 's been four years , but it feels like yesterday . I remember walking off the green and everyone was having a big party , and I felt like I was walking by myself for 600 yards to the clubhouse . "  The guys had a tough time at Medinah and I had a tough time in 2010 , so we have a lot to play for on this team . Winning is everything in golf and I could not have won a bigger tournament at the right time . " Earlier on Tuesday , European captain Paul McGinley chose Steven Gallacher , Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood as his three picks . The action begins on September 26 .	United States Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson picks his three wildcard choices Keegan Bradley , Hunter Mahan and Webb Simpson make up 12-strong USA team European line-up also settled by captain Paul McGinley on Tuesday Ryder Cup begins at Gleneagles in Scotland on Friday 26 September
Cupertino  CNN  -- The days of Apple just making your favorite gadgets are over . The company is about to enter the payments services arena taking on PayPal , Google , Facebook , Amazon and others in offering a way to allow you to pay using their system . One of Apple 's big plays at its event in Cupertino was a fingerprint scanner for the newest iPhones , which will allow shoppers to ditch the magnetic strip when they shop in store . But the initial rollout of Apple Pay , in October , is only in the U.S. European and Asian banking systems are already embracing contactless payment , so it 's strange Apple has chosen to focus on its home turf of America first rather than push for an immediate global release . It means customers outside of the U.S. wo n't yet benefit from the new features , and puts Apple in a situation whereby if it does n't move quickly , customers will be happy enough with a card that has the same powers instead . Apple Pay emulates your wallet digitally , and will work with a number of retail stores and banks in the U.S. to allow you to pay with your phone , or in the future your watch . But rather than gear a system towards skimming off the top , or trying to understand users ' buying behavior , Apple is -- presumably -- making the move to sell more devices . Apple was very clear in telling those that watched its event that it wo n't track or store information about where you shop , what you buy , or how much those purchases cost . Apple 's pitch was about empowering the banks and stores . Its decision to roll out in the U.S. first could be because the need is n't so great elsewhere . In the UK , many banks now offer contactless payment cards as standard , while Chip and Pin , rolled out across Europe some time ago , has also been incredibly successful in reducing over the counter fraud . It could also be about Europe 's limit on contactless payments . Trying to explain that you can only use your phone for small purchases is a complicated sell and one that means you are n't likely to ditch your bank cards altogether . In the U.S. , there is no limit . But will Apple 's delay in rolling the service out elsewhere allow others to capitalize on the gap in the market ? Having seen Apple 's new system up close , it is unlikely . However , Apple 's decision to finally jump into the NFC tap-to-pay arena now legitimizes the experience and will only accelerate the adoption of the technology . Is an idea that Visa Europe shares . Steve Perry , the company 's chief digital officer , said Apple 's entry to the market represents a critical piece of the mobile payments jigsaw . He called it a "  pivotal moment " for digital payments , demonstrating the "  momentum behind mobile and contactless services . " It might have taken seven years to get here , but he said Apple 's decision to enter the market "  reflects the scale of opportunity that exists in digital payments today . " Apple 's support will drive usage of contactless services around the world and he anticipates what he calls a "  halo effect " benefiting all mobile payments players . That might sound an exaggeration , but so far contactless payments have very much been a chicken and egg scenario . Companies have waited for mobile phone manufacturers to get on board , and mobile phone makers have delayed getting on board because of a lack of infrastructure . Apple clearly believes that in the U.S. at least , that tipping point has been reached . With the introduction of TouchID last year , Apple had the right technology in place to make it a decent proposition to the banks on the security front . And with Apple now involved , European and Asian banks will no doubt be knocking on the Cupertino-based company 's door begging to be involved . Read more : Apple just got its mojo back Read more : Hands on with the Apple Watch Watch more : See Apple 's new iPhone 6 in :60	Apple introduced its iPhone-linked payment system at its iPhone 6 launch But Apple Pay 's rollout is initially only in the U.S. , despite demand in Europe and Asia Stuart Miles says one reason might be Europe 's established use of contactless payment But , now Apple is involved , the industry will likely get a big boost
WIRED  -- Android chief Andy Rubin took to the blogs Wednesday evening to combat recent reports of Google clamping down on Android 's openness . "  We continue to be an open source platform and will continue releasing source code when it is ready , " wrote Rubin on the Android Developer Blog . "  As I write this the Android team is still hard at work to bring all the new Honeycomb features to phones . As soon as this work is completed , we 'll publish the code . This temporary delay does not represent a change in strategy . " Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple 's closed iOS system . That openness has been called into question recently , as Google has yet to release the Honeycomb source code to all developers and manufacturers . Honeycomb is Android 's first tablet-optimized software release . Rubin cites the difference in form factor between tablets and phones as the reason Google has n't released Honeycomb 's source code to device manufacturers and developers . Motorola is the exception : The company 's Honeycomb-fueled Xoom tablet has been on the market for more than a month , which makes Google 's decision to hold the code from wide release a bit mystifying . Members of the Android industry showed faith in Google , however . "  They say they 're going to release it , I 'm not gon na call them liars , " Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin told WIRED.com in an interview . The Android OS is based on a version of the Linux OS , which has been an open source , collaborative platform since its release decades ago . Rubin 's post also addressed questions raised in a recent Bloomberg story about Android 's level of control over its partners . Bloomberg wrote : Over the past few months , according to several people familiar with the matter , Google has been demanding that Android licensees abide by "  non-fragmentation clauses " that give Google the final say on how they can tweak the Android code -- to make new interfaces and add services -- and in some cases whom they can partner with . Rubin combats this claim directly , stating Google 's so-called "  anti-fragmentation program has been in place since Android 1.0 , " citing a list of compatibility requirements manufacturers must adhere to in order to market a device as "  Android-compatible . " He 's referring to Android 's compatibility test suite , or CTS , an automated litmus test to measure whether or not a piece of hardware can claim to run Android . "  Our approach remains unchanged : There are no lock-downs or restrictions against customizing UIs , " wrote Rubin . Motorola vouches for Rubin 's statement . "  In the time since we 've started working with Google , our relationship has matured , but it is n't any more limiting than it ever has been , " Christy Wyatt , Motorola 's VP of mobile software development , told Wired.com . "  I do n't believe that anything has changed in the CTS since the beginning . " Finally , Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform , much of which arose in the wake of an anonymously sourced DigiTimes story . "  There are not , and never have been , any efforts to standardize the platform on any single chipset architecture , " Rubin wrote . With the Nexus One , Google 's first flagship phone , the company worked with Qualcomm to install its 1-GHz Snapdragon ARM processors in the HTC-manufactured handsets . The subsequent Nexus S came equipped with Samsung 's 1-GHz Hummingbird processor , which is also based on ARM architecture . It 's out of character for Rubin and Android to post such a defensive update . Rumors circulating in the media are usually given a brusque "  no comment " by Google 's communications team . But the title of Rubin 's post -- "  I think I 'm having a Gene Amdahl moment " -- explains it all . Amdahl coined the acronym FUD  fear , uncertainty and doubt  in 1975 . After leaving IBM to form his own IT company , Amdahl claimed he suffered attacks by IBM sales staff attempting to undermine his new venture . All of this negative attention is n't good for Android 's "  open " image , and maybe that 's what overcame Rubin 's reluctance to speak : too much FUD about Android 's future . Whether or not this FUD is warranted , however , remains to be seen . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Google has championed its platform as the open alternative to Apple 's closed iOS system Honeycomb is Android 's first tablet-optimized software release Rubin emphatically denied other rumors of ARM-chipset standardization in the platform
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- A Moroccan man accused of plotting a suicide bomb attack on the U.S. Capitol pleaded guilty Friday afternoon to a charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction against government property . In the plea agreement , Amine El Khalifi , 29 , agreed to a prison sentence with a maximum of 25 to 30 years . If he had been convicted in a trial , he could have been sentenced to life behind bars . U.S. District Judge James Cacheris set a sentencing date of September 14 . El Khalifi came to the courtroom wearing a jail jumpsuit with the word "  prisoner " stenciled on the back . He was not in restraints . He appeared relaxed and politely answered the judge when asked to confirm his guilty plea and other questions . The judge accepted the plea and found him guilty . El Khalifi was arrested February 17 as the result of an FBI sting operation . According to a statement of facts signed by El Khalifi , he accepted what he thought was a suicide vest containing explosives and a MAC-10 automatic gun . He put on the vest and was quickly taken into custody as he attempted to leave a parking garage and walk toward the Capitol building . "  Unbeknownst to El Khalifi , both the weapon and the bomb had been rendered inoperable by law enforcement , " according to court documents . El Khalifi told an undercover FBI agent and another man assisting law enforcement agents that he intended to use the MAC-10 to "  shoot people before detonating the bomb . " El Khalifi thought he was working with al Qaeda , but a man referred to in court documents as "  Yusuf " was an undercover agent . U.S. officials said El Khalifi had been closely monitored , and the public was never in danger . The U.S. officials also said he was not connected to terrorists and was working alone . According to the statement of facts , El Khalifi changed his mind about what to target and at various points had considered hitting a restaurant , a military installation and a synagogue . He finally decided to try to blow himself up in the Capitol , according to the court document , and said "  he would be happy killing 30 people . " El Khalifi admitted performing surveillance at the Capitol and asking an associate named Hussien who was secretly assisting law enforcement to remotely detonate the bomb if El Khalifi ran into problems with security officers . "  He absolutely was the real deal , " U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said after the court hearing . MacBride said El Khalifi chose his targets and weapons , thought he was a working with al Qaeda and wanted to carry out "  the first-ever suicide attack in the U.S. " FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge Bryan Paarmann said El Khalifi is another yet another homegrown extremist , although he did not offer a theory on why he became radicalized . According to Paarmann , El Khalifi "  had the intent , the disposition and the desire " to commit acts of violence . El Khalifi came to the United States in June 1999 on a B2 visa , which allows visitors for tourism and medical treatment . But U.S. officials said El Khalifi 's visa expired the same year , and he has been in the country illegally ever since . A condition of El Khalifi 's plea agreement is that he will be deported to Morocco after he serves his prison sentence .	Amine El Khalifi , 29 , was arrested February 17 as the result of an FBI sting operation He was closely monitored , and the public was never in danger , U.S. officials say He "  devised the plot , the targets and the methods on his own , " a U.S. official says
A U.S. Border Patrol agent has shot and killed an apparently undocumented migrant who allegedly threw rocks at the agent , striking his face , on the California-Mexico border near San Diego , authorities said . A social justice advocacy group on Wednesday criticized the Border Patrol 's use of deadly force in the Tuesday incident , saying there 's a disturbing trend of Border Patrol "  killings of rock throwers , some of whom were teenagers and some whom were U.S. citizens " on the U.S.-Mexico border , said Andrea Guerrero , executive director of Alliance San Diego . The Border Patrol declined to comment directly on this week 's incident , which is under investigation by local authorities , but in the past , the agency has highlighted how agents are seriously injured in rock-throwing incidents and resort to lethal force to protect themselves . Guerrero said , however , some police experts advise using nonlethal force such as pepper-ball guns to respond to rock throwings . "  Border agents should adhere to best policing practices and only use lethal force as a last resort , not the only resort , " Guerrero said . In the San Diego sector on the U.S.-Mexico border , the Border Patrol has recorded more than 400 assaults , including rock throwings , on agents since 2010 . The numbers have fluctuated in recent years , from 130 assaults in 2010 , 77 in 2011 , 133 in 2012 to 73 in 2013 , according to the agency 's statistics . Names of the agent and the apparently undocumented migrant in this week 's deadly encounter have n't been released by authorities . Rock-throwing incidents have been controversial on the U.S.-Mexico border , particularly when Mexicans have thrown projectiles from the Mexico side of the international line toward Border Patrol agents on the U.S. side . In some cases , U.S. Border Patrol agents have fired their guns at the rock throwers on the Mexico side of the border , killing the rock thrower . Mexican officials have condemned the Border Patrol 's use of lethal force as excessive . The U.S. Border Patrol said the incident occurred in a rugged section of the Otay Mountains near San Diego where the agent was trying to arrest several immigrants who crossed the border illegally . "  During the attack the agent was struck in the head with a rock , " the Border Patrol said in a statement . "  Fearing for his life the agent discharged his service issued weapon resulting in the death of one assailant . " Two other undocumented migrants were arrested and in custody , the agency said . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department , which is investigating the killing , said in its account that two Border Patrol agents were trying to detain a group of suspected undocumented migrants in rugged terrain in the mountain 's White Cross area about four mile east of the Otay Mesa border crossing . "  The two agents were out of sight of each other when one of the agents was struck in the face by a rock thrown by one of the suspects , " Lt. Glenn Giannantonio said in a statement . "  Fearing for his safety , the agent fired his duty pistol at the man , striking him . The man was pronounced dead at the scene . " The border patrol agent who fired his service weapon suffered minor injuries , the sheriff 's homicide unit said .	A Border Patrol agent shoots an apparently undocumented migrant near San Diego The agent was trying to detain the migrant , who threw rocks , striking agent 's face A social justice group decries the trend of Border Patrol shootings toward rock throwers The migrant died at the scene
One day after naming the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization , Egypt arrested more than 100 people across the country Thursday , state media reported . State-run MENA said among those arrested were 54 members of the Muslim Brotherhood charged with attacking police stations and inciting violence . The suspects were also accused of inciting riots and blocking roads , according to MENA . The news agency reported at least nine different roundups of people . A spokesman of the interior minister , Hany Abd El-Fattah , said anyone who is a member of the Brotherhood will receive a five-year prison sentence , MENA reported . People who help finance the group will be given a sentence of hard labor . Al-Masriya TV , a state-run broadcaster said the interior ministry will detain anyone who attends a Muslim Brotherhood protest and they , too , will be sentenced to five years in prison . On its official English language website , the Muslim Brotherhood vowed to press on with its protests and said it was time was "  escalate revolutionary wrath . " "  Let 's begin with full force and peacefulness a new wave of majestic anti-coup action in a ` Revolutionary Rage ' week , " the group said . The interim Egyptian Cabinet declared the Muslim Brotherhood to be a terror group Wednesday , the latest move in a crackdown against the group that backed deposed President Mohamed Morsy . Morsy , the nation 's first democratically elected President , was forced out of office in July and arrested , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy Thursday to express U.S. concern over the declaration . "  The secretary underscored the need for an inclusive political process across the political spectrum that respects the fundamental human rights of all Egyptians in order to achieve political stability and democratic change , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Bomb blast hurts five Five people were wounded Thursday in an explosion near Al-Azhar University in Cairo 's Nasr City neighborhood , according to local media reports . A bomb disposal team defused a second bomb , al-Masriya reported . The Nasr City neighborhood is a traditional stronghold of supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . It was the second bombing of the week . On Tuesday , 16 people were killed in an attack on a police headquarters in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura . Ansar Jerusalem , a jihadist group responsible for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , claimed responsibility for the twin bombing . Also Thursday , one person was killed and seven were arrested in clashes between students and residents who live near Al-Azhar University , the Interior Ministry said . EgyNews , a state-run news agency , reported the Interior Ministry told police to confiscate copies of the Muslim Brotherhood 's newspaper , stop its publication and seal off the Justice and Freedom publishing house that print the group 's daily . Thursday 's unrest comes in the lead-up to Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution , which will be held January 14-15 . If passed , the constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military .	Egyptian broadcaster reports at least nine different roundups Government threatens Muslim Brotherhood members with prison time U.S. secretary of state calls Egypt 's foreign minister Five hurt in Cairo bombing
CNN  -- It 's a good bet that right now , someone somewhere in Washington has come up with a plan to decapitate the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  by assassinating its boss , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , and moving down through his lieutenants . Argued in hushed tones over a polished conference table , I have no doubt this sounds like a no-lose proposition  and certainly a better alternative to invading Iraq and Syria  . But if ISIS is in essence al Qaeda 2.0 , then it is hard not to see the assassination of Osama bin Laden as having had very mixed results -- and as holding some important lessons for U.S. policy makers . The fact is that assassinations are , at best , tricky -- the cure can be worse than the disease . And a cure is almost certain to fail when you have absolutely no idea what the disease is that you 're treating . It may comfort us to dismiss ISIS as a group of bloodthirsty terrorists doomed to collapse under their own psychosis and violence . But while ISIS does of course employ terror as a tactic , getting hung up on the word "  terror " causes us to miss a more critical truth : that ISIS is a straight-line manifestation of an aggrieved religious sect -- orthodox Sunni Islam . And it 's becoming more apparent by the day that a lot of Sunni Muslims believe they 're on the losing end of history , and that if they do n't hit back , things will get a lot worse . Indeed , Sunnis , despite making up the large majority of Muslims globally , have n't fared well in recent times . The 2003 invasion of Iraq dispossessed the Sunnis in that country of both their power and wealth . Insult was added to injury when the United States handed power over to a sectarian Shia government bent on revenge against the Sunnis . We can go on all we like about democracy and the rule of law , but the way the Sunnis view it is that we wantonly empowered their Shia rivals . Sunnis are n't doing much better anywhere else . The minority Alawite regime in Syria -- the Alawites are a Shia offshoot -- continues to slaughter large numbers of Sunnis . Another Shia offshoot sect in Yemen recently took over Sana , the capital . And for the last decade , the American drone campaign over Pakistan 's tribal belt has never let up , "  breaking the back " of al Qaeda and the Taliban.We may dismiss them as terrorists , but for a small but growing number of Sunnis they 're the closest thing they have to a resistance group . Even in solidly Sunni Egypt , the military is doing its best to crush the Muslim Brotherhood , the beating heart of political Sunni Islam . An international aid worker who 's negotiated with ISIS on hostage releases recently told me that militant Muslims look at their predicament in the starkest of existential terms , namely that that the United States is out to destroy Islam . They 're convinced the U.S. deliberately caused the death of 300,000 Muslims in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and in retaliation for 9/11 , and that it wo n't stop until the Sunnis start to fight back . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS There is of course no American conspiracy against Sunni Islam . But the point is that ISIS is rooted in an embattled religious sect that 's had enough . Call it a Sunni intifadah , if you like -- a lashing out in frustration and fear . The fury of the impotent . But , unlike the Palestinian intifada against Israeli authority , this one promises to be more enduring and disruptive , if for no other reason than a resurgent Sunni Islam is bound to run headlong into Shia Islam , and along with it the real possibility of a hundred-years war . While most Sunnis may want nothing to do with ISIS 's apocalyptic jihad , coexisting with the Shia is less and less appealing to them . A year ago , when ISIS started to move across the border from Syria into Iraq , I took the pulse of a couple Sunni Iraqi tribal sheiks and officers from Saddam Hussein 's army , asking them why they did n't drive them back into Syria . After all , they have the arms and people to do it . Did they really want to live side by side with frenzied jihadists and risk Baghdad strafing them with American-supplied Cobra helicopters ? Who is the ISIS ? Their uniform response was that they would ally with anyone , including the madmen of ISIS , to drive the Shia government of Baghdad out of Sunni areas . They added that secession from Shia Baghdad was all but inevitable . Some said that if history favored them , they would unite with the Sunnis of Syria to form a single nation . As for ISIS and the jihadists , they would turn on them when the time came . Letting the jihadists serve as your spearhead may sound risky to us , but what it tell us is that the divide between Iraq 's Sunnis and Shia is truly unbridgeable . To be sure , we 're capable of militarily destroying ISIS and eliminating its leadership . But Sunni grievances will remain -- and there will always be another Sunni strongman to take up the cudgel . Which brings me to this : the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement gave the world the Middle East 's modern borders . Drawn up in secret by French and British colonial administrators , those borders had -- and still have -- nothing to do with cultural and ethnic realities . This begs the question of whether it is really in our interests to defend artificial borders by waging endless war and campaigns of political murder . The fact is that we are likely living what amount to the final agonies of the Ottoman Empire . If that 's the case , drone assassinations and targeted killings will get us absolutely nowhere .	Political assassinations are at best tricky , writes Robert Baer Some Sunnis may see ISIS as resistance group , not terrorists : Baer Middle East borders have nothing to do with cultural and ethnic reality , he says
CNN  -- Snapchat will add new privacy features after a hack last week that exposed millions of phone numbers and user names from the popular photo - and video-sharing app . The company said in a blog post it will be updating the app to allow users to opt out of a "  Find Friends " feature that uses their mobile phone number . They 'll also be adding internal restrictions that will make it more difficult to employ the method hackers say they used to expose 4.6 million accounts . "  The Snapchat community is a place where friends feel comfortable expressing themselves and we 're dedicated to preventing abuse , " Snapchat said in the post , which did not include an apology to its users . On Tuesday , hackers posted user names and phone numbers , with the final two numbers redacted , to a website called SnapchatDB.info . The site had been suspended by its Web host but , by Friday , appeared to be back online with phone numbers and user names both partially disguised . The site made the data available for download and offered , by request , to consider releasing unredacted info , which matched the user names with the phone numbers associated with them . The hack appears to have been an effort to push Snapchat into improving its privacy protections . "  Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness around the issue , and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit fixed , " the hackers said in a statement released to news outlets . "  It is understandable that tech startups have limited resources but security and privacy should not be a secondary goal . Security matters as much as user experience does . " Last week , Gibson Security -- a group of "  white hat " hackers , meaning they do n't exploit the security gaps they find -- published what they said was code that would enable such a hack . The SnapchatDB group said Snapchat implemented "  very minor obstacles " after that . In the blog post , Snapchat said it had added security measures after Gibson suggested in August that such a hack was possible , but that the group 's Christmas Eve post had more details that made Snapchat 's system easier to exploit . Sources told Business Insider last month that Snapchat has about 30 million monthly active users and more than 16 million daily users .	Snapchat will let users opt out of "  Find Friends " after last week 's hack Hacker 's say they matched 4.6 million user names with phone numbers Move was meant to urge Snapchat to improve security
CNN  -- Convicted Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout was sentenced Thursday to 25 years behind bars by a federal judge in New York . "  I am not guilty , " Bout said through a translator . "  I never intended to kill anyone . I never intended to sell any arms to anyone . God knows this is the truth . " Last year Bout , who was dubbed "  the merchant of death " by his accusers , was convicted on four counts of conspiracy to kill Americans , acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles and provide material support to a terrorist organization . He had faced the possibility of life in prison . "  Viktor Bout has been international arms trafficking enemy number one for many years , arming some of the most violent conflicts around the globe , " said Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney in Manhattan . "  He was finally brought to justice in an American court for agreeing to provide a staggering number of military-grade weapons to an avowed terrorist organization committed to killing Americans . " Bout 's wife , Alla , said after the hearing that her husband "  said few words " in reaction to the sentence . "  The war is not lost yet , " Alla Bout said , speaking in Russian . She said she and her husband could see each other once a week and "  yesterday we had a very serious conversation regarding him speaking in court -- there was a very long speech written ... Viktor together with his defense decided that he did not have anyone to prove himself to in that courtroom or accept his guilt or say anything else regarding the reliability of this case because he did not accept this case from the beginning as a lawful case , starting from the process in Thailand to his extradition to United States . " At the trial , the prosecution said that during a 2008 sting operation by U.S. drug enforcement agents in Thailand , Bout believed he was selling weapons to Colombian guerrillas . His lawyer , Albert Dayan , filed a letter last week asking Judge Shira A. Scheindlin , who presided over the trial and who set Bout 's sentence , to set aside the guilty verdict . Dayan urged the judge not to "  become an unwilling party " in what he called a "  wrongful prosecution " for "  purely political reasons . " He argued that the conviction is a "  product of malice " and that Bout has been an "  object of private politics " coming from Washington . The lawyer claimed that Bout was picked out by the United States government and lured into a crime manufactured by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , in which the agency played "  the role of judge , jury and executioner . " In his claim , Dayan insisted that Bout did not intend to sell any arms to the agents , that he had not sold any arms for several years and that the only thing he wanted to sell were two cargo airplanes , worth $ 5 million . Dayan stood by the claim that DEA officers baited his client into illegal activities . "  I do not profess , I do not argue that he 's an angel , but he is innocent of these charges , " Dayan wrote . "  I felt it was my duty to speak out and let the world know . " According to a federal indictment , Bout was suspected of creating front companies that used his planes to deliver food and medical supplies , as well as arms . After a sting operation in 2008 , he was arrested in Thailand and in 2010 was extradited to the United States following a protracted court proceeding . He was convicted in November after a three-week trial in New York . Before his arrest , the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland , which is long thought to have sheltered and defended him . Undercover agents met with Bout 's associates the world over , from Curacao to Copenhagen , in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target , according to the indictment . The Russian businessman also has been accused of assembling a fleet of cargo planes to traffic military-grade weapons to conflict zones around the world since the 1990s . Allegations of trafficking activities in Liberia prompted U.S. authorities to freeze his American assets in 2004 and prohibited U.S. transactions with him , according to the indictment . Bout has maintained that he operated legitimate businesses and had acted as a mere logistics provider . His exact age is unclear , but he is believed to be in his late 40s or 50s , with his age in dispute because of different passports and documents . The U.S. attorney 's office said it had no confirmed age . Critics have accused Bout of providing arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . In 2000 , then-British Foreign Office official Peter Hain branded him "  Africa 's chief merchant of death " at a time when Bout is believed to have supplied arms to officials in Sierra Leone , a former British colony then embroiled in civil war . CNN 's Michael Tang and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Viktor Bout is sentenced to 25 years in prison Bout was convicted last year on four counts stemming from weapons deals His lawyer wanted the conviction overturned and said the prosecution was ` political '
CNN  -- A centuries-old copy of a 500-year-old map that christened the New World as "  America " has been discovered at Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich -- folded and wedged inside of an old book , according to a release on the university 's website . The original map , created in 1507 by cartographer Martin WaldseemÃ 1/4 ller , according to the release , shows the continent of America isolated from Europe by a vast ocean and as a much smaller , banana-shaped landmass than what is mapped today . The ancient map was based on a variety of research expeditions , with Amerigo Vespucci 's voyages at the beginning of the 16th century featuring heavily , according to the U.S. Library of Congress . Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched The map itself is made up of globe segments , each containing different parts of the world that when cut out and folded together create a small globe . The university 's website says the "  new " map -- printed some time after the original -- was found inside a rebound 19th century book , unrelated in subject matter , by a bibliographer going through a routine revision of catalogs . The U.S. Library of Congress currently houses the only known full-size surviving copy of the original ambitious 1507 World Map by WaldseemÃ 1/4 ller , after receiving it from German Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2007 . The Library of Congress says that this was the first world map to recognize the new-found American landmass , completely transforming the understanding of a world originally thought of until then as Europe , Asia and Africa . America celebrates Independence Day Photos : Celebrating the Fourth of July	The original map was created in 1507 by a German cartographer It was the first world map to recognize the new-found American landmass A centuries-old copy of that map was found at a German university
Moscow  CNN  -- Ireland 's expulsion of a Russian diplomat over spying allegations is "  clearly an unfriendly step that will not go unanswered , " Russia 's deputy foreign minister said Wednesday , according to a report . Vladimir Titov 's remarks were reported by the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency . The ministry press office told CNN it was not aware of the comment and could not elaborate . Ireland on Tuesday rebuked Russia for "  completely unacceptable " behavior and expelled a diplomat after an investigation found that the Russian intelligence services had forged Irish passports , the government said . An investigation by the Garda Siochana police force found the Russian intelligence services made "  false documents based on the acquisition of details of six genuine passports belonging to Irish citizens , " and effectively stole the identities of six Irish people , the Department of Foreign Affairs said in a statement . The probe -- launched after last year 's discovery of a Russian espionage operation in the United States -- found "  an entirely persuasive picture " of such activities , the statement said . The department 's secretary general met with the Russian ambassador and informed him that it is "  not the behavior the government would expect from a country with which we have friendly relations , " the statement said . "  The ambassador was also told that the accreditation of a named member of his staff with diplomatic status is to be terminated . ... The individual in question has been asked to leave this jurisdiction by a specified date . " The statement added , "  It is hoped that it will be possible to move on from this disturbing incident and to develop further the relationship between Ireland and the Russian Federation which is fundamentally strong and which has significant potential . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Ireland 's "  unfriendly step " will "  not go unanswered , " a deputy minister says Ireland says a probe found Russian intelligence services forged passports Ireland calls the incident "  disturbing " The investigation was launched after Russian agents were discovered in the United States
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A man suspected of murdering a doctor in Chicago , Illinois , is trying to skirt the U.S. justice system by fleeing to the French island territory of St. Martin , according to prosecutors . Dr. David Cornbleet , a dermatologist , was murdered in his Chicago office in October , 2006 . "  He 's doing everything possible to protect himself , " said Bernie Murray , chief of criminal prosecution for the Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office in Illinois . "  At the end of the day , he 's making a mockery of both French law and United States law . " After fleeing to St. Martin , Hans Peterson , 29 , turned himself in to French authorities and allegedly confessed to murdering Dr. David Cornbleet in October , 2006 . Jon Cornbleet , Dr. Cornbleet 's son , said he has seen a four-page confession in which Peterson admits to attacking and killing David Cornbleet in his Chicago office . Despite the alleged confession , Peterson is beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement . As a French national on French soil , he can not be sent to the United States for trial , according to a 2002 extradition treaty between the two countries . The United States , by contrast , is allowed to extradite U.S. citizens to France , under the treaty . U.S. Sens. Barack Obama and Dick Durbin , both of Illinois , sent letters to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice asking for help extraditing Peterson . In response to the senators , the State Department wrote it "  will continue to make every effort with the government of France to see that justice is served in this case . " Sens. Durbin and Obama also wrote the French government requesting extradition . French Foreign Ministry spokesperson , Francois Rivasseau , responded "  the French government will not be able to extradite Mr. Peterson . " "  French laws provide in that case for trial on French territory by French justice , " he said in a statement . Murray of the Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office said he favors extradition over a French trial because he believes French laws are more lenient . He said a life sentence there is only 22 years . In Illinois , Murray said , murder is punishable by a minimum of 20 years in prison and possibly much more . "  It goes up to 60 or 80 or 100 years , possibly life , possibly the death sentence , depending on the facts surrounding the crime , " Murray said . Hoping to persuade the French to extradite Peterson , Murray and the Cornbleet family said they would not seek the death penalty in the case . There is currently a moratorium on the death penalty in Illinois . According to the victim 's son , Jon Cornbleet , Peterson first met Dr. Cornbleet in 2002 when he was living in Chicago and went to see him for an acne problem . His father prescribed a popular acne medication , which , according to Jon Cornbleet , Peterson said made him impotent . It is believed this is the only time the two met before the night of the murder . Peterson 's father , Dr. Thomas Peterson , said his son was an "  okay kid who had a little depression . " He said his son took just two pills , but that the acne medication made him psychotic . Dr. Cornbleet 's daughter , Jocelyn , found his body in his office . "  I could see on the second closed door that there was blood across it , " she told CNN . "  I knew that somebody had killed him . " Jon Cornbleet said his father was stabbed more than 20 times . For months , the case went unsolved , even though authorities said there was DNA evidence at the scene . Then , over the summer , investigators got a tip from a U.S. Marine on leave from Iraq . The Marine said a friend told him , "  I think my former roommate killed someone . " The Marine reached out to the Cornbleets through a posting they had made on myspace.com and also contacted Chicago police . He told the Cornbleet family Peterson was living in New York around the time of the murder . The family believes Peterson drove from New York to Chicago , killed Dr. Cornbleet , and then drove back to New York , reportedly telling friends he had "  completed his mission . " The Cornbleet family said video surveillance from Dr. Cornbleet 's office building shows Peterson entering and leaving the premises on the night of the crime . Using the Marine 's tip , DNA evidence and the surveillance video Chicago police got a warrant to arrest Peterson . But before they could track him down , Peterson fled to St. Martin . So far , Peterson has yet to be charged with a crime . He is being held in jail on the French Island of Guadeloupe . The French government did not return CNN 's phone calls for this story . Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they will continue to fight for his extradition . "  We 're gon na go until there 's absolutely nothing more we can do , " Jocelyn Cornbleet said . " 'Til we get justice . " E-mail to a friend	Hans Peterson suspected of a murdering a Chicago dermatologist He fled to St. Martin , a French territory , before police could question him Because he is a French national , the government wo n't extradite him The victim 's family and U.S. senators from Illinois lobby for extradition
Washington  CNN  -- Alaska 's Senate race is an increasingly prime pickup opportunity for Republicans , with Democratic Sen. Mark Begich trailing challenger Dan Sullivan by 6 percentage points , a new CNN/ORC International Poll shows . Sullivan earned 50 % support compared to 44 % for Begich , according to the survey of 704 likely voters that was conducted October 1-6 . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 points . The race is key for Republicans who hope to gain control of the Senate by capturing at least six seats currently held by Democrats . It looks increasingly important as Democrats pump resources into states like Kansas and South Dakota that weeks ago looked like GOP locks . Hampering Begich are underwater favorability ratings , with 45 % of those surveyed offering a positive opinion of the first-term senator and 52 % saying they view him unfavorably . Sullivan , meanwhile , is viewed favorably by 53 % of Alaska 's likely voters , while 41 % say they have unfavorable opinions of the former state attorney general and current commissioner of the Department of Natural Resources . Sullivan leads Begich 50 % to 45 % in Anchorage , the city Begich previously led for two terms as mayor . Complete midterm election coverage Perhaps more daunting for Begich : Unlike most Democrats , he fares no better among women  44 %  than he does men  45 %  . "  Begich is losing on his home turf , and he is not winning among women , a weakness that few Democrats can overcome on Election Day , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Republicans could gain a Senate seat , but they look just as likely to lose the governor 's office . Independent Bill Walker looks positioned to knock off incumbent Republican Gov. Sean Parnell , leading 51 % to 45 % among likely voters -- with no Democratic candidate in the race to split the anti-Parnell votes . The party 's nominee , Byron Mallott , dropped out to become Walker 's running mate . Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats	Democratic Sen. Mark Begich is trailing GOP challenger Dan Sullivan , 50 % -44 % . The Alaska Senate race is key to Republicans ' hopes of winning control of the chamber . GOP Gov. Sean Parnell trails his challenger by 6 % .
CNN  -- Family members of two girls last seen riding bicycles near a lake in Evansdale , Iowa , put on a brave face Monday , saying they are "  bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best . " The girls -- 8-year-old Elizabeth Collins and 10-year-old Lyric Cook -- were last seen by their grandmother on Friday when the two , who are cousins , left to go on a bike ride , authorities said . "  We just want our girls home , " Tammy Brousseau , an aunt to both girls told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We 're bracing for the worst , but hoping for the best . " Sitting beside Brousseau during the interview was Misty Cook-Morrissey , Lyric 's mother . She said she wanted people to know what the girls are like . "  They 're very outgoing . They 're very sweet , talkative , they 're fun . They smile a lot . They 're pretty persistent in the things that they want . They 're great , they 're really great . You know what I mean ? " she said . K-9s raise alarm while looking for signs of missing Arizona girl , 6 A massive volunteer search over the weekend failed to locate the girls , and authorities have suspended the volunteer effort . "  Are we going to get answers ? I 'm not sure , " Lyric 's father , Daniel Morrissey , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  It 's just baffling to try to figure out the pieces to the puzzle . Looking at it , it does n't make any sense . " "  It 's just been a nightmare , " he said . "  It 's been a challenge to hold everything together and continue to just keep believing and praying and trusting God that he 's got this . " Brousseau , the aunt , also spoke to HLN 's Velez-Mitchell , saying she believes her nieces must have been taken by a stranger . "  It 's as though they disappeared into thin air in broad daylight , " she said . Authorities began dragging Meyers Lake over the weekend for a sign of the girls . Their bicycles were located hours after they were reported missing near that lake . The search remains a missing persons case . "  We really have nothing new that I can tell you , other than the fact the search is continuing , " Rick Abben , chief deputy for the Black Hawk County Sheriff 's Office , told reporters Monday . " ... We 're still looking for both of them . There 's no new evidence or anything that 's been found . " Nearly 1,000 volunteers helped in the search Saturday , and nearly 900 on Sunday , he said . Calls are coming in to a tip line , he said , and each bit of information is being checked out . Police ask that anyone who may have seen the girls on Friday contact authorities . Abben said the volunteer effort was suspended because authorities did not feel there was a benefit in having more people search . However , he said , "  we can always call those folks back out . " Authorities : Tennessee girls ` within inches ' of kidnapper who turned gun on himself Agents from the FBI and the Iowa Department of Criminal Investigation joined the search on Saturday , authorities said . Abben told reporters Monday there was no indication the girls were outside Evansdale , a town of about 4,700 located about 12 miles southeast of Cedar Falls . Nor was there any indication of foul play , he said . "  It 's like they vanished , " he told CNN affiliate KWWL . "  There 's just nothing . " CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Looking at it , it does n't make any sense , " says the father of one of the missing girls NEW : "  It 's as though they disappeared into thin air in broad daylight , " says their aunt Elizabeth Collins , 8 , and Lyric Cook , 10 , have been missing since Friday More than 1,000 people joined a massive volunteer search effort over the weekend
CNN  -- Japan secured their place in the final of the Asian Cup after a dramatic penalty shoot out victory over South Korea . Coach Alberto Zaccheroni 's side triumphed 3-0 on penalties after the game was level at 1-1 after 90 minutes and 2-2 after extra time . Japan will now face Australia in Saturday 's final , after the Socceroos demolished Uzbekistan 6-0 in the other semifinal . South Korea started the match brightly and took the lead on 23 minutes after Japan defender Yasuyuki Konno brought down Manchester United star Park Ji-sung in the penalty area . Ki Sung-yong converted from the spot . CNN blog : Can an Asian team ever win the World Cup ? Japan have been no strangers to going behind in this tournament , and they duly struck back nine minutes before the break . Yuto Nagamoto latched onto Keisuke Honda 's through ball and squared for Ryoichi Maeda to level the tie up at 1-1 . South Korea enjoyed the best of the second half and went close when Koo Ja-cheol hit the side-netting with a low shot before Lee Yong-rae 's free kick flashed narrowly wide of the target . As the game moved into extra time Japan upped the tempo and were rewarded when Shinji Okazaki was felled in the area by Hwang Jae-won . The striker 's penalty was saved by Jung Sung-Ryong but substitute Hajime Hosogai made no mistake from the rebound . Though South Korea laid siege to Japan 's goal in the closing stages they could n't fashion an opportunity to level . But right on the full time whistle Hwang Jae-won slammed home a loose ball after a scramble in the area . South Korea 's joy was short lived though , as they missed all three of their penalties -- Japan goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima making two fine saves -- which left Yasuyuki Konno to convert the winning penalty and spark wild scenes of celebration . The other semifinal was a hugely one-sided affair as Australia thrashed Uzbekistan 6-0 . It took just five minutes for Australia to break the deadlock as Harry Kewell fired a low shot into the bottom corner . Sasa Ognenovski made sure Australia went in with a 2-0 cushion at half time as he fired home a loose ball after Tim Cahill had nodded down a David Carney center . Carney added the third on 65 minutes when he tucked the ball under Uzbek goalkeeper Temur Juraev after Matt McKay 's precise pass . Moments later Ulughbek Bakaev was dismissed after picking up his second yellow card . It was 4-0 less than ten minutes later as Australia sprang the offside trap and substitute Robbie Kruse squared for Brett Emerton to tap into an empty net . Carl Valeri made it five eight minutes from time as he turned home McKay 's cross and Uzbekistan 's misery was complete when Kruse 's shot squirmed past Juraev .	Japan beat South Korea on penalties to book their place in the Asian Cup final The game ends 1-1 after 90 minutes but Japan win 3-0 on penalties Japan will face Australia after the Socceroos beat Uzebkistan 6-0 in the other semi The final will be played on Saturday
After more than 800,000 Puerto Rican voters said they want the island to become the 51st U.S. state , the White House is calling on lawmakers to take action . "  Congress should now study the results closely , and provide the people of Puerto Rico with a clear path forward that lays out the means by which Puerto Ricans themselves can determine their own status , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters this week . Last month 's statehood referendum in Puerto Rico was nonbinding , but it was the first time such a measure garnered a majority of votes ; 61 % of voters who cast ballots on that question said they supported the island commonwealth becoming a U.S. state . Critics say the two-part plebiscite on Puerto Rico 's status was unclear and does n't accurately represent the will of the island . Even the White House has n't been clear about what the vote means , they say . "  Democracy should never be used to confuse people . ... I 'm sorry they are confused in the White House , " said Puerto Rican Sen. Eduardo Bhatia of the Popular Democratic Party . The first ballot question asked Puerto Rican voters whether they supported the island 's status as a U.S. commonwealth ; 54 % of them said no . In response to the second question , which asked voters to select an alternative , 61 % of those who cast ballots chose statehood , but more than 480,000 people abstained from voting on that question . "  They could have voted for statehood , if they had really supported it , " said Maria de Lourdes Santiago , senator-elect for the Puerto Rican Independence Party , which supports the island becoming its own sovereign republic . "  When you combine all the votes , statehood does n't appear as the true winner in the second question about non-colonial options . " One thing is clear , the White House spokesman said Monday : Puerto Ricans "  want a resolution to the issue of the island 's political status . " Congressional action in Washington would be necessary for Puerto Rico to become a state . Statehood has long been a thorny issue in Puerto Rico , with political parties sharply divided over the matter . Those who support statehood say last month 's vote is a sign that change is coming , despite what critics say . "  If they do n't want to pay attention to it , let them not pay attention , " said Kenneth McClintock , Puerto Rico 's secretary of state . "  But the White House is paying attention . " A law passed in 1917 made Puerto Ricans U.S. citizens . But the Caribbean island 's roughly 4 million residents can not vote for president Under its status as a commonwealth , Puerto Rico is subject to U.S. federal laws , though island residents are exempt from some federal taxes . Puerto Rico has a nonvoting representative in Congress . After last month 's referendum , McClintock said an economic downturn and shrinking population contributed to the support for statehood , where as referendums in 1967 , 1993 and 1998 failed . "  I think people just came to realize that the current relationship simply does not create the number of jobs that we need , " he said . An exodus of residents from the island has culminated in a staggering statistic : 58 % of Puerto Ricans live in the mainland United States , McClintock said . "  When you have a political status that scares away half of your population , " he said , "  it is time to reject that political status . "	The White House says Congress should respond to last month 's plebiscite More than 800,000 voters supported a nonbinding referendum on statehood Critics say the vote does n't accurately represent the will of the island
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants attacked a hotel near Kabul on Friday and seized dozens of hostages , sparking a fierce gunbattle with Afghan and NATO troops that left 26 people dead , authorities said . The standoff , which lasted 11 hours , ended with the deaths of all seven militants , police said . The militants killed 15 civilians , a police officer and three security guards , Kabul police Chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said . By the end of the siege , police had rescued all the remaining 50 civilians held hostage in the hotel , according to Salangi . Earlier , he had said there were five militants , but he revised the number as more details emerged . Police said they found burqas in the vehicle the attackers used to bring in explosives to the hotel , an indication that some were dressed as women . A burqa is an outer garment worn by Muslim women to cover their bodies . Terrified civilians fled when the gunmen struck the Spozhmai hotel about midnight Thursday , with some jumping into a nearby lake to avoid the bloodshed . The hotel was hosting an outdoor dinner that drew a large number of guests when the attack occurred . Afghan forces had moved slowly overnight to avoid civilian casualties . "  We did not take any action in the dark because of the risk to civilians , " Salangi said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said there was no immediate indication of coalition casualties . In a written statement , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul praised the professionalism of Afghan forces and condemned the attack as "  the latest in the insurgents ' murderous campaign against innocent Afghan civilians , especially women and children . " Pentagon spokesman George Little said the strike "  bears all the hallmarks " of the Haqqani network . The network , a movement with close ties to the Taliban and based in neighboring Pakistan , is one of the militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . "  The Haqqani network , which has the backing of elements within the Pakistani security establishment , is one of Afghanistan 's most experienced and sophisticated insurgent organizations , " the Institute for the Study of War said . "  Although the Haqqani network is officially subsumed under the larger Taliban umbrella organization led by Mullah Omar and his Quetta Shura Taliban , the Haqqanis maintain distinct command and control , and lines of operations . " The attack follows recent strikes aimed at coalition troops and Afghan security forces . Bombings in two eastern provinces Wednesday killed at least 29 people , including three American soldiers . It also comes nearly a year after an insurgent attack on Kabul 's Hotel Inter-Continental killed nine attackers and 12 others . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the hotel attack targeted Westerners . Attackers are armed with suicide vests , rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine guns , he said in an e-mail while the siege was under way . "  Every night people come here for different types of debauchery , but on Thursday night , the number increases , including foreigners who come here and they hold anti-Islamic ceremonies , " Mujahid said . "  Tonight , according to our information , a number of ISAF and embassy diplomats from foreign countries have been invited by some senior Kabul administration officials and are now under attack . " He said the Taliban fought government forces outside the hotel and had killed tens of government officials and foreigners , but the insurgents regularly inflate casualty figures . The Taliban , an Islamic fundamentalist militia , once ruled most of the country . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	Pentagon says the attack "  bears all the hallmarks " of the Haqqani network The U.S. Embassy condemns the attack and praises Afghan forces Militants kill 15 civilians , a police officer and three security guards , police chief says It 's the latest in a string of high-profile strikes this week
CNN  -- The indictment and possible trial of Texas Gov. Rick Perry for allegedly applying illegal coercion to a district attorney will complicate -- but not kill -- his all-but-certain run for President in 2016 . It 's a sure bet that voters outside of Texas will forgive , ignore or overlook any outcome short of a conviction . Perry would n't be the first modern presidential candidate to hit the trail with a scandal clanging in the background like noisy cans tied to the back of his campaign bus . But history suggests that a messy local political scene , with all its feuds and ethical shenanigans , is rarely a deal breaker on the national stage . Most biographies of Franklin D. Roosevelt , for example , focus on his stature as the architect of labor reforms and major New Deal programs such as Social Security , the Works Progress Administration and the Tennessee Valley Authority . Few of the official histories note that Roosevelt 's career began as an opponent -- and later , a staunch ally -- of the famously corrupt Democratic Party hierarchy in New York , centered at Tammany Hall , a clubhouse whose members freely trafficked in bribes , kickbacks , rigged government contracts and stolen elections . "  Roosevelt , in the end , came to Tammany . Tammany did not come to him , " writes Terry Golway , author of "  Machine Made , " a masterly work on the history of Tammany Hall . Years later , as President , Roosevelt confided to a friend that "  tens of thousands of people are members of Tammany Hall . I do not think they are all objectionable for that reason ! " That fundamental truth -- that local political machines , whatever their ethical shortcomings , are indispensable when it comes to winning elections -- was equally true for Roosevelt 's vice president and successor , Harry Truman , who hailed from an even more flamboyantly corrupt political machine in Kansas City , Missouri . The city machine was run by a notorious leader , "  Boss Tom " Pendergast , whose reign ended with a stint in federal prison . Truman never renounced his early patron , and attended Pendergast 's funeral days after being sworn in as vice president . It 's tempting to think "  that was then , this is now " since Roosevelt and Truman operated in the days before television brought politics into nearly every American home . But consider what happened when -- decades before Watergate -- Richard Nixon weathered a scandal shortly after being named running mate to Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 . Journalists had discovered that the then-senator accepted money and personal gifts from a campaign fund financed by group of conservative businessmen , leading to widespread calls for Nixon to resign from the Republican ticket . Typical of the negative tone was one paper , The Sacramento Bee , that blasted Nixon as "  the pet and protÃ © gÃ © , the subsidized front man " for a "  special interest group of rich Southern Californians . " Nixon answered the critics by seizing upon the still-new technology of television to deliver what 's now known as the "  Checkers " speech .  Nixon , staring into the cameras , said the only personal gift he 'd received from the fund was a beloved dog , Checkers , that he had no intention of selling or returning .  Nixon also asked for -- and received -- a popular wave of calls from voters to GOP officials telling them to leave Nixon alone . The Checkers speech , delivered to what was then the largest broadcast audience in history , not only showed the power of a direct appeal to the people , it also demonstrated the public 's ability to look beyond the sometimes tawdry details of local politics and focus on the major issues of the day . Voters accepted Lyndon Johnson as a vice president and later President despite widespread rumors that his election to the U.S. Senate in 1948 by a razor-thin , 87-vote margin was stolen with the help of corrupt Texas political bosses -- charges confirmed decades after the fact by biographer Robert Caro . And in 1992 when it turned out that presidential candidate Bill Clinton and his wife , Hillary , had ties to an ethically stinky , failed land development deal called Whitewater , voters shrugged it off and made him leader of the free world . No matter how much outrage Clinton 's enemies tried to stir up over Whitewater , it never took hold with the voting public , which returned Clinton to the presidency for a second term . This is not to suggest that Perry 's local troubles wo n't have a national impact . His indictment may scare away some potential supporters , making it harder for him to line up donations and early political support in this crucial pre-election season . And a conviction -- highly unlikely but possible -- would surely end Perry 's presidential hopes . But the mere fact of a local political squabble casting a shadow on Perry 's image ultimately wo n't automatically knock him out of the running . Far more important will be avoiding debate gaffes such as the famous "  oops " incident in 2012 and making headway in early presidential states such as Iowa and New Hampshire , where Perry is currently mired in single digits in the polls . It may not be much comfort to his supporters , but from the standpoint of presidential politics , Perry is pretty much the same candidate he was before the legal papers got served : a long shot with a tough road ahead of him .	Errol Louis : Rick Perry 's indictment will complicate , not kill , his chances in 2016 He says candidates like LBJ , FDR have run for President before while trailing scandal Political machines are indispensable to winning elections , he says Louis : Perry likely to remain the same long-shot candidate he was before being indicted
CNN  -- A one-time "  American Idol " finalist has died , the show 's official Facebook page announced . "  Michael Johns was an incredible talent and we are deeply saddened by the news of his passing , " a joint statement from Fox , FremantleMedia North America and 19 Entertainment said . "  He was a part of our American Idol family and he will be truly missed . Our hearts and prayers go out to his family and friends during this difficult time . " According to Entertainment Weekly , the Australian-born singer , who was on the Fox program in 2008 , died Friday at age 35 . The Hollywood Reporter said the cause is believed to be a blood clot in his ankle . "  I just heard the very sad news that Michael Johns has passed away . A truly great guy , " Simon Cowell wrote on Twitter . "  Rest in peace Michael . " "  So Sad . Too soon , " wrote Randy Jackson . "  Thank you for sharing your talents with us . RIP Michael Johns . " People we 've lost in 2014	The one-time "  American Idol " finalist was 35 He died due to a blood clot , according to reports Simon Cowell and Randy Jackson tweet condolences
CNN  -- The New Scientist Eureka Prize for Science Photography is awarded annually for photographs that effectively communicate an aspect of science . Part of the Australian Museum Eureka Prizes , and open only to Australians , this year 's entries show everything from exotic insects to solar flares and diseased neurons . Here are the 10 best entries , selected by the organizers . The winner will be announced on August 28 .	New Scientist Eureka Prize for Science Photography announced August 28 Prize given each year for photos that communicate an aspect of science
CNN  -- Since April , 117 law enforcement agencies in 18 states have decided to ignore U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement requests to keep foreign-born people in jail on suspicion they might be undocumented immigrants . These "  detainers " ask local and county agencies to hold individuals up to 48 hours after local charges are resolved to allow ICE time to investigate their immigration status . California , Oregon and Washington state have seen the highest number of agencies changing their policies out of fear of being sued . The Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office in Florida and Polk County Sheriff 's Office in Iowa last week were the latest agencies to change their detainer policies . Police agencies began reacting after several federal judges ruled that police were violating the constitutional rights by not releasing the immigrants after resolving their state charges . The advocacy group Catholic Legal Immigration Network says that more than 190 agencies in three states and the District of Columbia enacted policies that reduce or eliminate cooperation with ICE detainers . But ICE spokesman Nestor Yglesias disputed that number , saying that "  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is aware of 134 different law enforcement agencies throughout the country that are no longer honoring ICE detainers . " That number includes agencies that opted out before April . Fred Wilson , director of operations for the National Sheriffs ' Association , which represents most of the 3,083 sheriff 's agencies in the country , said the national organization has not taken an official position on the matter . "  It 's not a viral movement , but it 's raising some legitimate legal issues , " Wilson . The Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office explained its new policy : "  Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office will require Orders of Deportation or Warrants signed by a federal judge/magistrate , or other court related order , to hold individuals beyond the time they would otherwise be released , " the agency said in a written statement . The issue boils down to due process , immigration advocates say . Every person in the United States -- citizen or illegal immigrant , has the same basic right of due process under the Constitution , says south Florida immigration attorney Jeffrey Devore . "  Detain first , ask questions later , " is the problem with ICE detainers , Devore said . "  Under our Constitution , you have to have some reasonable reason to detain people . " In an Oregon case , Maria Miranda-Olivares pleaded guilty to violating a domestic restraining order and was sentenced to time served . Clackamas County officials held Olivares 19 additional hours until transferring her into federal custody under an ICE detainer . She sued and on April 11 a federal judge found the county violated her Fourth Amendment rights for unreasonable search and seizure by holding her without probable cause and with no warrant for her arrest . The federal judge in Oregon cited other cases that ICE immigration detainers are "  requests " -- and , therefore , not mandatory . Yglesias , in a written statement said , "  When law enforcement agencies turn over criminals into ICE custody rather than into the community , it helps protect both public safety and the safety of law enforcement . " Law enforcement sends fingerprints of anyone arrested in the United States to the FBI and prints of those born outside the United States are forwarded to ICE for an immigration status check . The Secure Communities program , started under President George W. Bush in 2008 and expanded largely under the Obama administration , was designed to prevent undocumented immigrants from committing serious crimes . ICE updated its policy last year and eliminated detainer requests for undocumenteds arrested for misdemeanors and petty crimes , saying its priority is to remove undocumented immigrants who commit serious crimes . In 2013 , ICE removed 368,644 immigrants from the United States . Most were apprehended crossing the border illegally . Of those arrested within the country , ICE says 82 % had been previously convicted of a crime . Advocates for immigrants are concerned the increased deportations separate families , said Jennifer Riddle , an attorney with the Catholic Legal Immigration Network . Pro-immigrant groups have pushed hard for law enforcement agencies , and local and state government officials to change their detainer policies . The Immigration Legal Resource Center focuses its online efforts to teach advocates how to best "  explain the risk of civil liability if they continue to hold immigrants for ICE , " Riddle said . "  It 's not the local law enforcement 's job to do immigration enforcement , " Riddle said . "  They are to protect their local community , " said the advocate . The Broward County Sheriff 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , is taking steps to avoid legal pitfalls . In its decision to not enforce ICE detainers , its attorney cites two judges ' rulings against police agencies . "  In light of these cases , personnel should not honor ICE detainers unless they are supported by probable cause , " wrote the sheriff 's legal in June . In Austin , Texas , Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton disagreed with county commissioners decision to stop enforcing federal detainers . The sheriff said his organization will continue to honor the federal request since it keeps his community safe .	Police agencies declining to hold suspects for immigration authorities over lawsuit fears Immigration and Customs officials acknowledge that more than 100 agencies have opted out ICE wanted suspects held before local authorities released them to check their immigration status
CNN  -- Basketball Hall of Fame member Jerry Buss , who had owned the Los Angeles Lakers since the National Basketball Association franchise 's resurgence and dominance began in 1979 , died in Los Angeles on Monday morning , a Cedars-Sinai hospital spokeswoman said . He was 80 . Buss died at 5:55 a.m. , said the spokeswoman , Nicole White . He had been in poor health , suffering from an unspecified type of cancer . The Lakers won 10 NBA titles under Buss ' ownership . Those championship teams featured such all-time greats as Magic Johnson , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant . "  The NBA has lost a visionary owner whose influence on our league is incalculable and will be felt for decades to come . More importantly , we have lost a dear and valued friend , " NBA Commissioner David Stern said in a statement . "  He was a dear friend , keen mentor and brilliant businessman , " said O'Neal , who played eight seasons for the Lakers . "  He 'll always be remembered for his dedication in bringing the best to the purple and gold and I 'm proud to have been part of his honorable legacy . " The franchise will remain in the hands of the Buss family , the team said in a statement . Buss is survived by four sons and two daughters , among others . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report from Los Angeles , and Mark Morgenstein wrote it in Atlanta .	Basketball Hall of Famer died at a hospital Monday morning Buss had been in poor health , suffering from an unspecified type of cancer The Los Angeles Lakers won 10 NBA titles under his ownership NBA Commissioner David Stern , former Laker Shaquille O'Neal recall his friendship , vision
CNN  -- In the wake of the Westgate shopping mall horror in Kenya , your local mall wants you to know it is doing everything possible to protect you . That 's bunk -- at least if you listen to one very knowledgeable former beat cop . Malls boast of spending millions on security , but that security largely protects merchandise , not people , says Dan Murphy , a retired Bloomington , Minnesota , police officer . Shopping malls can do a better job of protecting shoppers from shooters , and it does n't take metal detectors , full-body searches , bomb dogs , legions of security officers or a lot of money , he says -- it just takes the will . Questions linger after Kenya mall attack Murphy helped implement a security plan at Bloomington 's Mall of America , one of the nation 's largest shopping malls . The framework for the plan grew out of a disaster averted nearly a decade ago . In 2004 , Murphy , then a patrol officer on the town 's east side , said he was sent to investigate a man who was giving polished stones and coins to children on a school playground . When Murphy located the man a block away , he found the man 's van stocked with rifles and "  bags of ammunition . " The man said he had been "  sent to Earth by Osama bin Laden , " Murphy said . No one was harmed , but that was n't because of a quick , coordinated response by school and police officials . In fact , the response was a "  calamity of errors , " Murphy recalls . Angry , Murphy confronted the school principal , faulting her for not responding adequately to the threat . The principal , flummoxed , asked Murphy what she should have done , Murphy said . And that 's when it struck Murphy : He had no idea . "  As a policeman , you 're used to having all the answers ... and I did n't have an answer , " Murphy said . Kenya-style mall attack : Can it happen here ? Murphy set out on "  a quest . " He started looking for effective ways to respond to dangerous situations , including "  active shooter " situations . Murphy learned that at the time , Minnesota law required schools to have nine fire drills a year , even though no student had been killed in a school fire for some 40 years . But there was no comparable drill to protect students from deranged gunmen , dangerous non-custodial parents , terrorists , or other modern-day threats . So Murphy became an advocate of "  lock-down " drills -- drills in which students and teachers barricade themselves from threats , a tactic that could protect them for the eight minutes it takes , on average , for police to respond . Lock-down drills became Murphy 's obsession . Building on the work of others , he pushed for all schools to have lock-down drills . In 2006 , Minnesota became the first state to require lock-down drills in all schools . The legislature mandated five lock-down drills and five fire drills a year . Then , in 2007 and 2008 , a spate of shootings struck American shopping malls . "  And I started to go , ` Wait a minute . What 's working in our schools can work in our shopping malls too , " Murphy said . Man accused of threatening to shoot up Utah mall With his department 's encouragement , Murphy said he approached the Mall of America 's management with the idea of lock-down drills . They bit . So now , twice a month -- once in the morning and once in the evening , assuring that both work shifts become acquainted with the drills -- the mall 's security department asks patrons to seek shelter in the nearest mall store . An alarm buzzes , and a "  lock-down " message is delivered electronically to every store . The store gates are lowered , lights are turned off , and shoppers huddle in a safe spot , typically the back room . The drills last only a few minutes . "  The whole goal of a lockdown is to minimize potential victims while maximizing the time in which the police can get there to solve your problem , " Murphy said . This exercise costs virtually nothing . Any shopping mall , office building , or establishment with a public address system can conduct one . It does not infringe on anyone 's constitutional rights . Participation is voluntary ; any shopper who does not want to participate can simply walk away . Few do . The Mall of America thinks the program is of such value that it mandates participation in store leases , Murphy said . "  When a new store manager says , do I have to do this , the answer is yes , " Murphy said . "  It takes time and commitment and the willingness to work through it and see it to fruition , " he added . "  And you also have to actually practice your plan . It 's got to be a living plan , and you practice it often . " Need a plan ? Steal Murphy 's . "  I encourage plagiarizing , " he said .  You got ta love a cop who encourages you to steal . What threat do foreign jihadists pose ? Lock-down drills are "  not a silver bullet , " Murphy acknowledges . "  Sad to say , there is no silver bullet . If the bad buy gets in your space , it 's time to attack or flee , " he said . But , Murphy says , if the Mall of America can do it , with its 500 stores , huge eatery , and indoor amusement park , your shopping mall can do it too . And they will , he says , if they care more about protecting people than merchandise .	Mall security focuses on protecting merchandise Retired cop Dan Murphy came up with a plan that focuses on shoppers Mall of America does lockdown drills , similar to what schools practice Drills are n't a "  silver bullet , " but they could minimize potential harm , Murphy says
Like a groggy traveler after a long , cold night , the European Space Agency 's comet-chasing Rosetta spacecraft woke up , warmed up and called home Monday before setting off on the final leg of its journey . Rosetta shook off 31 months of sleep , during which it traveled into the dark reaches of the solar system , and contacted its operators Monday evening . Cheers erupted in the ESA mission control center in Darmstadt , Germany , when a signal from Rosetta arrived shortly after 7 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  . "  The spacecraft is there , it 's awake , and I think we are all overwhelmed , " mission manager Gerhard Schwehm told reporters . Now , he said , controllers will have "  two busy years ahead of them " as it approaches its target , Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko , and follows it around the sun . There was only an hour window for the signal to reach Earth , putting scientists on pins and needles . "  The spacecraft decided to make us suffer after two and half year , " Paolo Ferri , head of ESA Mission Operations told CNN . "  We came almost to the end of the window , we were very tense , " he said . The unmanned probe was launched in 2004 and is now nearly 500 million miles  800 million kilometers  from the Sun -- a distance that puts it just past the orbit of Jupiter . At that distance , the message it beamed back took 45 minutes to arrive . When the signal finally arrived there were cheers of relief . Wake up Rosetta : You have a date with a comet If all goes well , Rosetta will rendezvous with the comet in August and fly with it for two years . Scientists now have to learn how to maneuver the craft around a comet . "  It 's flying in a very unusual environment for space flight with gas and dust and not much gravity to keep your obit stable , " Ferri said . Rosetta is also supposed to send a small lander to the surface of the comet in November . The mission will give scientists unprecedented insight into the makeup and structure of these ancient residents of the solar system , ESA officials say . "  This is groundbreaking science , " Rosetta project scientist Matt Taylor told ESA television . "  We 're looking at where we came from , the evolution of our own solar system . And comets are looked upon as kind of a time capsule back to the beginning of the solar system . " Scientists believe comets , composed of rock and ice , may have brought water and maybe even the primitive building blocks of life to Earth . Rosetta carries 11 scientific instruments ; its lander has 10 more . ESA controllers ordered Rosetta to shut down most of its systems in June 2011 to save on power as it sailed through the darkest reaches of the solar system . The amount of sunlight reaching the solar-powered probe is only 4 % that on Earth , according to ESA . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more space news	ESA 's comet probe Rosetta wakes up , beams a signal back to Earth The spacecraft is nearly 500 million miles from the Sun , angling to rendezvous with a comet Scientist must now learn how to maneuver the craft around the environment of the comet Rosetta is set to meet up with the comet in August , follow it for two years
Washington  CNN  -- When it comes to the trust Americans put in government , a new national poll indicates it 's a matter of location , location , location . According to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Tuesday , only 26 percent of the public trusts the federal government most of the time or always . A third of the people questioned in the poll say they trust their state government most or all of the time . But that number surges to 52 percent for those who say they trust local government most or all of the time . "  How broken is government in the mind of most Americans ? It depends on how close that government is to them , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Suburbanites are happiest with their local government , with 55 percent of them saying they trust their local government all or most of the time . That same figure for city folk is 50 percent , and for rural Americans , it is 47 percent . " Democrats may want to take pause over the 26-percent trust figure . The number is as low as it was in 1994 when the GOP swept the midterm elections and won control of Congress . According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in this country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	CNN asks 1,023 adult Americans about their trust in government Federal government rates the lowest at 23 % ; local government rates 52 % Suburbanites rate highest level of trust with local government
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- In a downtown Nairobi salon , tucked away in nondescript office building , women sit under hair dryers and gossip . They have their hair trimmed and their feet and hands pampered . Jackson Irungu is quitting Kenya after being targeted for being gay . But there is one patron that draws the eye . In his Bermuda shorts , orange shirt , and cravat , Jackson Irungu is getting a manicure . He is among a tiny minority of openly gay men in Kenya who face a constant barrage of verbal abuse on the street and even occasional physical attacks . "  We live in fear , " says Irungu , "  There is a perception that being gay is wrong so it is a bit tricky being gay when you live in Kenya . " Irungu says a friend of his was beaten so badly outside a nightclub in Nairobi that he had to be taken to hospital . There is no way to corroborate such incidents with the police because homosexual Kenyans are just too afraid to report them . The law books help create the ambivalence . Two separate penal codes relate to the gays in Kenya and the archaic laws can lead to a 5 to 14 year jail term . They are rarely enforced , but penal code 162 and 165 are an effective threat hanging over the gay community . "  They have a weapon to which they defend themselves , " says Pauline Kimani , a leader of an umbrella organization for gays in Kenya . She says that gay Kenyans are arrested on charges like ` loitering ' and "  disturbing the peace . " Watch report on treatment of gays in Kenya " "  Ending the sodomy laws would be up to members of parliament , " says Kenyan government spokesman Dr. Alfred Mutua , "  and they represent the people . " Gay rights is a non-starter for Kenyan politicians and attempts to repeal the laws have ended practically before they began . The Kenyans who elect the MPs are mostly on their side . A few people defend gay rights on the streets of Nairobi . But many say that gays should n't have rights , are "  un-African , " and not good Christians . Kenya is a country of faithful people and religion plays a defining role in homophobia in Kenya . Seventy percent of the country is Christian and there is a sizeable Muslim and Hindu population . "  This is an abomination that is totally unacceptable by God who formed us not to function in that way , " says Patrick Kuchio , a popular preacher at Parklands Pentecostal Church . More traditional denominations in Africa are also conservative , leading the charge to stop gay pastors from being ordained . Though the Pentecostal church made major inroads to Kenya only in the 1950s , many of its supporters , and other faithful in the continent , consider homosexuality a Western concept . "  Amongst traditional Kenyan people , it was unheard of , " says Pastor Kuchio . He believes the practice must have been imported into Kenya . As a result , most homosexuals in the country have to hide their sexual preference for fear of social stigma , say gay activists in Kenya . "  They say , ` look , you are evil , the law also disagrees with you , ' " says Kimani , "  You are not supposed to exist within our community . " By their own admission , gay rights groups have been under funded and disorganized . But since forming an umbrella organization , their leaders say there is a slow thawing of attitudes towards gays in Kenya . Their monthly party now gets police protection . But mention something as fundamental as a gay pride march and it is met with laughs . It would be utterly inconceivable , they say . But for an openly gay man Kenyan like Irungu , progress is too slow in Kenya .	Gay Kenyans face verbal abuse and even physical attacks . Law states gays can face up to 14 years in jail if convicted under penal codes Gay Kenyans usually arrested on charges like ` loitering ' , ` disturbing the peace ' Pastor : Practice is unheard of among Kenyans and must have been imported
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's two main unions on Friday called a general strike for March 29 to protest the new conservative government 's labor reforms and austerity cuts . It will be the first general strike against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , which won elections last November and took office late last December , in the midst of Spain 's deep economic crisis . The last general strike , in September 2010 , was against the then-Socialist government , which also had initiated austerity measures . That strike slowed industry and transport , but much of the country went to work and many analysts saw it as a kind of a draw between the government and unions . Since then , the economic crisis has deepened . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent overall , and nearly 50 percent for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work . Union protests across the nation last month drew large crowds , which analysts say emboldened the unions to move ahead with a general strike . The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace and to simplify the rules for employers . But unions say the effect will be to make it easier and cheaper to fire workers . The two main unions -- the Socialist-leaning General Workers Union and the Communist-leaning Workers Commissions -- held separate meetings Friday and then announced the general strike for March 29 , a date Spanish news media have been reporting for days as the likely date for the strike . Rajoy , at a recent European Union summit , was reported by Spanish media to be overheard , via an open microphone , telling another EU leader that the labor reforms would cost him a general strike . The reforms were approved first as a decree law , with immediate effect , and the unions called on the government to make amendments as the bill moved through parliament . But the conservatives have a commanding majority in parliament and on Thursday approved the reforms unchanged . The government says the labor reforms make up only a portion of the elements needed to spur an economic recovery . It predicts a 1.7 percent decline in the economy this year . The government also has demanded reforms in the banking sector with the aim of getting credit flowing again and to clean up the books of lenders stuck with huge uncollectable debts left over from Spain 's real estate and construction boom that went bust , precipitating the economic crisis . The unions earlier called a round of protests for this Sunday , which coincides with the eighth anniversary of the Madrid train bombings terrorist attacks that killed 191 people .	This will be the first general strike against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent ; nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace
The New York Police Department has identified the father of "  Baby Hope " and want to speak with him as part of their 22-year investigation into the girl 's death . Police stopped short of calling the man a suspect . "  He is someone we definitely have to talk to , " NYPD Assistant Chief Joe Reznick told CNN on Thursday , "  But can we arrest him for this right now ? The answer is no , definitely not . " Investigators are looking for the father and believe he is in New York City . "  We 're very interested in him , " a law enforcement official told CNN . "  Baby Hope , " a little girl whose body was found in a blue and white picnic cooler in a wooded area near the Henry Hudson Parkway on July 23 , 1991 , was never identified until this week . Police now believe "  Baby Hope " was South American , according to Reznick . Reznick is "  confident " an arrest will be made in this case , but could not state when that might happen . "  Trust me when I say the investigation is probably more active now than it 's ever been during the course of 22 years , " Reznick said . As CNN previously reported , police have identified the little girl and her mother but will not make either name public because of the ongoing investigation . The girl , then believed to be 3 to 5 years old , was smothered and sexually molested . Her body was so badly decomposed that several sketches were made to suggest what she looked like . Thanks to a tip , the department confirmed the identity of the girl 's mother through DNA testing , according to Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . The body was exhumed in 2011 . "  A DNA match was made with the mother and the mother has been cooperating , " Kelly told reporters Tuesday . He declined to name the mother or provide details on the case . "  Homicide is a distinct possibility here , so it 's going to go forward in that direction , " Kelly said of the investigation . The girl was never reported missing and police could not track down anyone who might have known her . The NYPD Cold Case Apprehension Squad never gave up hope , continuing to hand out flyers and canvas nearby neighborhoods every year on the anniversary of the discovery of the body . "  We have been able to identify the mother of Baby Hope as a result of , in my judgment , outstanding detective work , " Kelly said on Tuesday . NYPD has n't given up on Baby Hope Detective Robert Dewhurst , a member of the squad , told CNN in July that several detectives were still on the case and that people with information may speak many years later for many reasons , such as feeling safer after moving to a new area where they do n't see the person responsible every day . Sometimes people "  want to get it off their chest , " said Dewhurst . For months after Baby Hope 's body was found , police went back to the site hoping whoever was responsible , driven by guilt , had left some type of memorial that would have helped police . Baby Hope , two years after she was found , was laid to rest in a donated plot . She was buried in a white dress bought by a detective 's wife .	Body of unidentified child -- named Baby Hope by police -- was found on July 23 , 1991 Authorities have identified the father , want to talk with him NYPD assistant chief : "  Confident " an arrest will be made Authorities able to identify the mother through tip , DNA
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is enjoying the best year of his fledgling golf career , but the U.S. Open champion is already making plans to spread his wings further . The 22-year-old announced on Friday that he is leaving the manager who helped turn him into potentially the next Tiger Woods , as he seeks to push himself to a new level . The world No. 3 is departing Andrew "  Chubby " Chandler 's International Sports Management , which looks after second-ranked Lee Westwood , Masters winner Charl Schwartzel and British Open champion Darren Clarke . He will link up with fellow Northern Irishman Graeme McDowell , the 2010 U.S. Open champion , at Dublin-based sports agency Horizon as he rejoins the PGA Tour next year . "  I am now keen to move onto the next stage of my career and I feel this will be facilitated by a fresh view and a new structure around me , " McIlroy said in a statement . "  Therefore I am delighted to be joining Horizon and I look forward to working with my new team . "  I would like to sincerely thank Andrew ` Chubby ' Chandler and his team for their guidance , representation and management over the past four years since turning pro . "  Chubby and his team have played a very important role in my success to date . I have made great progress under their management and for that I will always be grateful . " McIlroy joined ISM after being the best-finishing amateur at the 2007 British Open , and the company wished him future success . "  It has been an honour representing Rory and we take great pride in the role ISM has played in guiding him successfully through his formative years as a professional golfer , " it said in a statement . "  Under our management he has grown into an international figure , and he leaves us as a major champion . " Meanwhile , former world No. 2 Sergio Garcia was in contention to win his first title in three years after taking the halfway lead on his home course at the Castello Masters on Friday . The Spaniard , now ranked 49th , shot a sizzling eight-under-par 63 in the second round to go two shots clear at the Club de Campo del Mediterraneo club where he has played since he was a child . Sweden 's Alexander Noren matched that score to be second on 10-under 132 , two strokes clear of England 's first-round leader Ross McGowan  70  , Scotland 's Gary Orr  67  and Australia 's Marcus Fraser  64  . "  It 's getting there , " Garcia told the European Tour website . "  It 's not quite there yet -- sometimes I have a little bit of a hard time hitting a draw , but when my little fade works out I can keep it in play . "  At the weekend I 'll try to hit good shots , to putt well and I 'm going to do my utmost . It 's nice to be up there , that 's why we train . It 's even nicer to be there on Sunday afternoon . Alex is right behind me , so I need to keep focused . "	World No. 3 Rory McIlroy ends four-year association with manager Chubby Chandler U.S. Open champion decides to join compatriot Graeme McDowell at Horizon Chandler 's company wishes McIlroy future success with his new agency Sergio Garcia takes two-shot lead at the halfway stage of Castello Masters
CNN  -- A federal judge disclosed Friday that former presidential candidate John Edwards has a life-threatening heart condition , a court source confirmed to CNN . Edwards had sought a delay in his criminal corruption trial , scheduled to begin this month . Attorneys and the federal judge met in a North Carolina courtroom Friday afternoon for a status hearing regarding the pending trial of Edwards , a former U.S. senator . Edwards appeared at Friday 's hearing . His lawyers had made the motion for a delay under seal , but some of its details were publicly revealed by the judge in the open hearing . The criminal trial has been delayed until at least March 26 , according to the court source . Judge Catherine Eagles said she has been in contact with Edwards ' cardiologist , who recommended a postponement , saying Edwards is scheduled to undergo surgery next month . Edwards has to provide the court with a written medical update by February 28 , according to court records . One legal expert , Marcellus McRae , a trial lawyer and former federal prosecutor , said he doubted that Edwards ' illness would influence a jury verdict . "  Edwards 's illness may prompt the public , including potential jurors , to view him in a more sympathetic light . However , it is doubtful that this will have any impact on the outcome of his trial , " McRae said . "  Given the nature of the charges , his physical condition is of no relevance and he will have in theory recovered by the time the case went to trial in March in any event . " Edwards ' attorneys asked in December to delay his criminal trial , saying he had an unspecified medical issue . Edwards is charged with six felony and misdemeanor counts related to donations to and payments from his failed 2008 presidential campaign . He is accused of conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws . He denies any wrongdoing . Edwards ' wife , Elizabeth , died of cancer in December 2010 . The couple had separated that year , shortly after Edwards admitted that he had fathered a daughter with Rielle Hunter , who was hired to make documentary videos for his campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . March 26 is also when a North Carolina civil trial is scheduled to start in Hunter 's invasion-of-privacy lawsuit against Andrew Young , an Edwards aide in the 2008 presidential campaign . Hunter is suing Young to reclaim materials that she says belong to her , including an alleged sex tape that involves Edwards . Hunter 's lawsuit claims that the tape was made in or about September 2006 and that she worked with a political action committee for Edwards ' campaign between about July 2006 and December 2006 . InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Edwards must provide court with a written medical update by February 28 Edwards ' criminal trial is delayed until at least March 26 Edwards had been seeking a delay in his criminal corruption trial Edwards is charged with conspiracy , violating campaign laws , making false statements
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nneka and Chimezie Ononaku unwittingly poisoned their own four-month-old son Chinonso . A television image of Chinonso Ononaku , who died after being given the medicine "  My Pikin . " Giving him what they thought was a baby teething medicine , they were in fact dosing him with anti-freeze . The bottle had been contaminated with a toxic chemical called diethylene glycol . More than 30 Nigerian children are thought to have died recently after taking the medicine . Nneka is angry . "  It 's not easy carrying a pregnancy for nine months , -LSB- and -RSB- after that getting a drug from a pharmacy to kill your own child , " she says . When Nigeria 's Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control  NAFDAC  tested the medicine , "  My Pikin , " the results were terrifying . It found the medicine contained almost 90ml of diethylene glycol per 100ml . "  It 's a bottle of poison , " the NAFDAC laboratory said . The "  My Pikin " factory 's managing director and eight others have been charged with negligence . The company could not be reached for comment . Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs . Undercover NAFDAC officers have taken to the streets in order to combat unregistered and often harmful drugs . Hawkers are charged with selling counterfeit drugs and forced to pay a fine . Watch more on the poisonings " NAFDAC claims most of the counterfeit drugs come from India and China . And it 's big business -- America 's Centre for Medicines in the Public Interest predicts counterfeit drug sales will reach $ 75 billion in 2010 . NAFDAC 's director-general Dora Akunyili warns counterfeiting is not just a Nigerian problem . "  These criminals are cooperating , so we too need to cooperate if we can face them . Not only in Nigeria but internationally , because drug counterfeiting involves a trans-national criminal network and can only be dismantled through international co-operation . "	More than 30 Nigerian children have died after being given poisoned medicine Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs Counterfeit drug sales predicted to reach $ 75 billion in 2010
The company was founded in 1968 by Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore , two of the original brains behind one of the major players in early computer chip development , Fairchild Semiconductors . Intel launched its first microprocessor , the 4004 , in November 1971 , and it was followed by the 8008 and the 8080 , which was used in one of the world 's first personal computers . The 4004 , Intel 's breakthrough invention , powered the Busicom calculator and paved the way for embedding intelligence in inanimate objects as well as the personal computer Today the company is still at the forefront in the development of computer chips and microprocessors offering cutting edge chipsets , processors and motherboards . In 2007 Intel 's total revenue was more than $ 38 billion , with an operating revenue of $ 8.2 billion and a net income of $ 7 billion . The company employs 86,300 people at more than 50 locations across the world , including the Intel Headquarters in Santa Clara , California . Intel particularly supports Achieve 's Mathematics Achievement Partnership  MAP  , a unique collaboration among states that will create a new assessment and teaching and learning strategies to assist U.S. 8th-graders in mastering the challenging foundations of algebra and geometry to the level routinely taught in the highest performing countries . E-mail to a friend	Intel was formed in 1968 by founders of Fairchild Semiconductors It 's first microprocessor , the 4004 was launched in 1971 In 2007 Intel 's total revenue was more than $ 38 billion
Buchanan , New York  CNN  -- The chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission got a firsthand look Tuesday at the Indian Point nuclear plant on a visit organized by two members of Congress from New York who want the plant shut down . Chairman Gregory Jaczko toured the plant with longtime Indian Point opponents Rep. Nita Lowey and Rep. Elliot Engel , who have been raising concerns about the safety of the plant following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan that seriously damaged the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . "  As I have repeatedly stressed to  plant owner  Entergy and the NRC , I continue to have serious concerns about several specific issues related to Indian Point , " Lowey said at a press conference following the tour . Indian Point is on the Hudson River , 35 miles north of midtown Manhattan . Among the chief concerns raised by Lowey and Engel is the feasibility of evacuating such a populated area in the event of an emergency . Currently the NRC requires plants to have plans in place to evacuate a 10-mile radius around their facilities . But , pointing out that the NRC urged Americans within a 50-mile radius of the damaged Japanese reactors to leave , Lowey said that "  evacuating 20 million people within a 50-mile radius of Indian Point would be a near-impossibility . " "  The bottom line , " said Engel after the tour , "  I still believe Indian Point should be closed . " Jaczko said the visit was a good opportunity to hear firsthand from the representatives about their concerns . "  I think it 's so important that we continue to have a very open and transparent dialogue , " he said . Asked whether the proximity of the plant to such a densely populated area was sufficient reason to close the plant , as many New York officials have argued , including Gov. Andrew Cuomo , Jaczko said he could n't comment since Indian Point is undergoing a formal relicensing effort right now . There are two reactors at Indian Point . One is due to be relicensed in 2013 and the other in 2015 . Jaczko said the agency closely monitors the operation of all nuclear facilities "  to ensure that they meet our very stringent safety and security requirements . " Indian Point , he said , meets those requirements . Lowey and Engel have introduced a bill that would require the NRC to use the same standards it uses to license new nuclear plants when relicensing older plants , "  including evaluating terror threats , seismic risk , population density and evacuation concerns , " Lowey said . Engel , who first called for the plant to be closed following the 9/11 terrorist attacks , said , "  If this plant were being built today , in 2011 , I can tell you it would not be sited here in Buchanan , New York . " Lowey said new data showing that Indian Point is located at two fault lines means the NRC should also evaluate whether a seismic event could affect the power supply or cause the spent fuel pools to leak . Jaczko said as part of relicensing , the NRC looks at the seismic qualifications of plants to ensure that all systems will continue to operate safely . A task force of "  top-notch experts " at the agency is looking at all the challenges and issues that emerged following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan , he said . "  I expect that we 'll learn some good lessons , and I expect there will be some changes to our requirements as a result of that , " he said .	2 New York members of Congress want nuclear plant closed Lowey , Engel say too many people live too close for evacuation NRC chairman praises "  dialogue "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is keeping a close eye on Pakistan after this week 's Taliban surge into the Buner district brought them just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . A Taliban fighter in the district of Buner , which is only 96 kilometers from Islamabad . A Pakistani government official said Friday that the insurgents had completely withdrawn from the district by the end of the week , but a human rights group said people in Buner were reporting that local Taliban remained in the district . And senior U.S. officials cautioned that any withdrawal by the Taliban was likely meaningless and that the fundamentalist group now holds large areas of the country with the government seemingly unable to stop them . "  We 're certainly moving closer to the tipping point , " Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff said on NBC 's "  Today " show Friday . In the interview from Afghanistan , Mullen said he was "  extremely concerned " about indications the Taliban is moving closer to Pakistan 's capital of Islamabad . Syed Mohammed Javed , commissioner of the Malakand Division that includes Buner , said the Taliban withdrew on Friday without any conditions . Earlier in the day , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan told CNN that the militants would pull back from the district . Pakistani Express TV showed live footage of armed and masked Taliban militants in Buner , loading pickup trucks and driving away . Sufi Muhammed , an Islamist fundamentalist leader who has been negotiating on behalf of the Taliban , was on scene overseeing the withdrawal , police said . U.S. military commander Gen. David Petraeus credited about 300 Pakistan 's Frontier Corps with driving Taliban militants out of Buner . The U.S. Central Command chief spoke to CNN on Friday after testifying before a Congressional panel about the need for the United States to boost its support for Pakistani counterinsurgency troops such as the Frontier Corps . But Amnesty International 's regional chief said people in Buner are reporting a different situation . "  What we 're hearing from people in Buner ... is that the Taliban that have moved out are the non-local ones , " Sam Zarifi , Amnesty 's Asia Pacific director , told CNN . "  So the local branch of the Taliban are still in place in Buner . " Amnesty International is concerned that those local Taliban will continue to enforce the Taliban 's "  abusive and repressive " control of Buner . Girls over the age of 7 are forced to wear a burka , a head-to-toe covering that the Taliban say is required of Muslims under its radical interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia . "  I think we 're going to see those harsh edicts stay , " Zarifi said . The Taliban installed strict Islamic law when it took over Afghanistan after a two-year fight with warlords , many of whom surrendered without a fight . They fought with a coalition of some of those warlords known as the Northern Alliance from 1996 until U.S. forces , seeking the leadership of al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , added bombing raids to Northern Alliance ground operations and successfully drove the Taliban out of most of Afghanistan . iReport : Should the U.S. intercede in Pakistan ? But the Taliban regrouped in 2004 , launching a guerrilla war against the Afghan government while operating from the tribal areas of that country and Pakistan . Meanwhile , senior U.S. officials said that the "  retreat " was likely meaningless . Control was the impetus behind the Taliban move into Buner , and the fundamentalist group now controls large areas of Pakistan , they said . The officials said , however , that they did not believe the Taliban 's goal was to take over the government of Pakistan but rather to create instability by taking advantage of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari 's apparent inability to cope with the situation . Zardari , they said , does not understand the gravity of the situation , remains distracted by domestic politics and appears unable to make critical decisions to deploy the army to stabilize the country . State Department envoy Richard Holbrooke has been on the phone "  nonstop " with officials in Islamabad and Washington , the officials said , providing frequent information to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama . Holbrooke 's read on the situation , officials familiar with the conversation said , is that the Pakistani government does not know how to handle the situation and is looking to the United States for direction . A senior military official , however , presented a more dire case . Pakistan is "  rapidly deteriorating , " he said . He said that he could not rule out the possibility of a military takeover in Islamabad , although he added that such a prospect was not in the immediate future . As for Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal , he said the weapons "  are safe for now " but that the United States is monitoring the safety systems in place . Administration officials said that the Pakistani military had assured the United States it would not act without an express order from the civilian leadership . Earlier this week , Clinton warned that nuclear-armed Pakistan was in danger of falling into terrorist hands . Before the Taliban 's apparent withdrawal Friday , a local Pakistani official expressed doubt about whether the militants would leave , as they pledged to local elders on Thursday . "  Nobody can trust them , " Sardar Hussain Babik , the provincial education minister , said by phone from Buner . The Taliban have broken promises before and probably would do so again , he said . Militants who swarmed into Buner subsequently locked up courthouses , seized court documents and battled Pakistani troops who were sent to protect residents . The militants said they took control of the district to ensure that Islamic law was properly imposed . The Pakistani government called the land grab a breach of a recent peace agreement . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Ivan Watson , Tricia Escobedo and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan situation "  rapidly deteriorating , " says senior U.S. military official NEW : U.S. officials : Any Taliban withdrawal from Pakistani territory likely meaningless NEW : Fundamentalists hold large areas of the country , military officials say Pakistan had reported Taliban withdrawal from captured district 60 miles from capital
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A family court judge refused Mel Gibson 's request to prohibit the actor-director 's ex-girlfriend and her lawyers from talking to reporters about their child custody battle Wednesday . The judge also withheld a decision on Oksana Grigorieva 's petition to change the temporary custody order to prevent Gibson from having overnight visits with their 1-year-old daughter . Gibson and Grigorieva , who split up months after Lucia was born , sat on opposite sides of a courtroom Wednesday for a daylong hearing Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon . The hearing was closed to the public and lawyers on each side would not reveal if either of the parents testified Wednesday . They are scheduled to return to court on November 22 for a continuation of the hearing , Grigorieva lawyer Daniel Horowitz said . While Judge Gordon refused to grant the gag order , which Grigorieva opposed , Horowitz said he was reluctant to discuss details of the hearing because it involved a child . Still , the child custody battle has been publicly bitter and could evolve into a criminal case . Prosecutors are considering whether to bring charges against Gibson in connection with a domestic violence investigation related to the custody dispute , a Los Angeles district attorney 's spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said . A decision on charges against Gibson will not be made until sheriff 's investigators conclude a probe of extortion allegations Gibson made Grigorieva , Gibbons said . Police in Malibu Hills , California , opened the investigation in July into an alleged domestic violence incident in which Grigorieva accused Gibson of striking her in the face . He alleged that she attempted to extort him to keep controversial recordings of their arguments secret . Phone calls recorded by Grigorieva are "  part of the investigation " into the alleged domestic violence , " sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Several explosive audio recordings , purportedly between Grigorieva and Gibson , were released online . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge rejected Gibson 's request for a gag order NEW : No ruling was made on Grigorieva 's petition to limit Gibson 's visitation rights The actor is battling his ex-girlfriend over custody rights for their daughter Gibson is still under investigation for alleged domestic violence
CNN  Three French sports stars were among 10 people killed when two helicopters collided in Argentina on Monday evening , authorities said . The helicopters were reported to be heading to a gorge in northwestern Argentina for the filming of the reality TV show "  Dropped " for the French broadcaster TF1 . Eight French passengers and the choppers ' two Argentinian pilots died in the midair crash near the town of Villa Castelli in La Rioja province , Argentina 's state news agency Telam reported , citing local authorities . The dead included the famed sailor Florence Arthaud , who in 1990 broke the record for crossing the North Atlantic alone ; the swimmer Camille Muffat , who won three medals at the 2012 Olympics in London ; and the boxer Alexis Vastine , who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . Members of the TV production team were among the other French victims , French authorities said . Former French soccer star Sylvain Wiltord , a contestant on the show who was n't involved in the crash , expressed his shock . "  I 'm sad for my friends , " he tweeted . "  I 'm shaking , I 'm horrified , I 'm lost for words . " Muffat 's boyfriend , William Forgues , told CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV of his shock at hearing the news of the 25-year-old swimmer 's death . Clearly emotional , he said her agent had called him soon after midnight , herself in tears , to tell him of the crash . Muffat , he said , was known as "  madame 100 % " because she succeeded in so many things . He said she was happy and satisfied to be taking part in the show . "  To be over there was her choice , 100 % , " he said . At the 2012 London Olympics , Muffat won the gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle , silver in the 200-meter freestyle and bronze in the 4 × 200-meter freestyle relay . French President Francois Hollande expressed his condolences to the families of the victims in a statement . The sports stars "  made France shine so brightly " during their careers , the statement said . The crash happened within moments of takeoff in good weather conditions , Telam reported , citing witnesses who spoke to a local radio station . The helicopters , which belonged to local governments in the region , collided about 100 meters  328 feet  above the ground , the news agency said . Police and investigators were at the scene of the crash . A manslaughter investigation has been opened in France into the incident , to be led by the Air Transport Gendarmerie , a representative for the Paris prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . It is standard procedure to launch an investigation if French nationals die abroad . Five national police officers were en route from Paris to Argentina on Thursday , authorities said . Their mission there is to collaborate with the Argentinians and assist in the identification of victims . The TV show involved sports stars being helicoptered into remote areas while blindfolded and then having to survive in the wilderness , according to French media . "  We learn with immense sadness of the accident that occurred during the filming of the show ` Dropped , ' " TF1 said in a brief statement . TF1 's staff "  come together in this terrible time with the pain of the families and those close to the victims , " it said . CNN 's Nelson Quinones , Laura Akhoun and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Paris prosecutor 's office opens a manslaughter investigation into the crash The dead include French athletes Camille Muffat , Alexis Vastine and Florence Arthaud The helicopters were on their way to a gorge for the filming of a reality TV show
CNN  -- Alvin Lee , the speed-fingered British guitarist who lit up Woodstock with a monumental 11-minute version of his song "  I 'm Going Home , " has died , according to his website . He was 68 . "  With great sadness , we have to announce that Alvin unexpectedly passed away early this morning after unforeseen complications following a routine surgical procedure , " read the message on alvinlee.com . "  We have lost a wonderful , much loved father and companion . The world has lost a great and truly gifted musician . " The note was signed by Lee 's daughter , Jasmin , wife , Evi , and former companion Suzanne . Lee died Wednesday . Born in Nottingham , England , in 1944 , Lee was the leader of the band Ten Years After . His performance at Woodstock in 1969 catapulted him into the front ranks of the period 's British guitar heroes , which included Eric Clapton , Jeff Beck , Jimmy Page and Pete Townshend . In an image from the 1973 book "  Rock Dreams , " he and those four others are pictured in tuxedos carrying guitar cases into a building . "  Groups would play for an hour without pausing , not to be mobbed or screamed at but in hopes of an ovation , " critic Nik Cohn wrote about musicians in the caption . Despite his status as a musician , Lee never reached the critical or popular heights of his countrymen . Ten Years After never had a Top 10 album in America , though 1971 's "  A Space in Time " went platinum thanks to the group 's only Top 40 hit , "  I 'd Love to Change the World . " Lee released his latest album , "  Still on the Road to Freedom , " last August . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Alvin Lee dies at 68 British guitarist gained famed at Woodstock concert He sang with Ten Years After
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A Sudanese appeals court has started deliberating the case of a woman sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her Christian faith , her husband said . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , was condemned to die by hanging last month after she declined to profess she is a Muslim , the religion of her father . Sharia law considers her a Muslim and does not recognize her marriage to a Christian . She said she was raised as a Christian by her mother after her father walked out on them . "  Formal notification was given to myself and my lawyer that the appeals court has begun deliberation of Mariam 's case , " said Daniel Wani , her husband . He said he got the notice Thursday . Seeking asylum in the U.S. . As the case goes through the courts , Wani , who is an American citizen , said he is asking U.S. officials to expedite the asylum process for his wife . If she 's released , their lives could be in grave danger in Sudan , he said . "  I am scared for all our lives -- me , my wife and my two children -- if we have to remain inside Sudan , even a day after her release . " Wani said he is appealing his home state lawmakers , New Hamphire 's U.S. Sens. Jeanne Shaheen and Kelly Ayotte . Committed to her religion The court convicted Ibrahim of apostasy on May 15 . At the time , she was eight months pregnant . She gave birth to a baby girl late last month at a Khartoum prison , where she 's detained with Martin , her 20-month-old son . Despite languishing in prison with two infants , she 's holding firm to her beliefs , according to her husband . "  There is pressure on her from Muslim religious leaders that she should return to the faith , " Wani told CNN in a TV exclusive . "  She said , ` How can I return when I never was a Muslim ? Yes , my father was a Muslim , but I was brought up by my mother . ' " Wani said his wife is a practicing Christian , more so than him , and even had their son baptized . "  I know my wife . She 's committed , " he said . "  They brought in sheikhs  to the prison  and she told them , ` I 'm pretty sure I 'm not going to change my mind . ' " Wani said he is thrilled about his new daughter but hopes her birth does n't hasten his wife 's death sentence . In past cases involving pregnant or nursing women , Sudan waited until the mother had weaned her child before executing any sentence . Sharia law as practiced in Sudan prohibits carrying out the death sentence on a pregnant woman until two years after she gives birth . CNN sought comment from the Sudanese government and was directed to the justice ministry . A CNN request for an interview was denied , and the justice minister said they do n't comment on matters that are going through the courts . An attempt to contact Sudan 's foreign affairs minister was unsuccessful . Muslim relatives turned her in Ibrahim was arrested after Muslim relatives accused her of renouncing her religion . Their complaint alleged that she went missing for years , and her family was shocked to find out she married a Christian . Wani said he 'd never met the relatives who made the accusations . His wife , he said , was raised a Christian by her mother , an Ethiopian Orthodox , after her Muslim father deserted the family when she was 6 . "  These people filed charges claiming that she was their sister and filed a police report saying that she had disappeared , " he said . Brother : Repent or die However , one of Ibrahim 's brothers , Al-Samani al-Hadi , tells a different story . He claims Wani -- whom he called "  the priest " -- fed his sister "  potions " to convert her to Christianity . He wants her to repent . "  But if she refuses she should be executed , " he told CNN last week . At first , Ibrahim was charged with adultery for marrying a Christian . The apostasy accusation was added after she maintained she was a Christian , according to her husband . She 's been detained since January 17 . In addition to the death sentence , the court sentenced her to 100 lashes for the adultery conviction . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Khartoum , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , was condemned to die by hanging last month Her apostasy conviction came after she refused to renounce her Christianity Her husband says the appeals court sent him formal notice of deliberations
CNN  -- The Cherokee County Sheriff 's Office on Friday released a second sketch of a man believed to have fatally shot four people in less than a week near Gaffney , South Carolina . Police say the suspect may be driving a light-gray or champagne tan 1991-1994 two-door Ford Explorer . "  Let me say that , under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " Sheriff Bill Blanton told reporters in Gaffney , a town in the county of about 54,000 residents some 50 miles southwest of Charlotte , North Carolina . He would not detail what has led investigators to conclude the shootings are linked or how they received the description of the suspect that has led to the two sketches . In addition , he said he did not know whether the shooter knew his victims or whether he may have chosen them at random . Police said he may be driving a light-gray or champagne tan 1991-1994 two-door Ford Explorer . The first shooting happened Saturday , when peach farmer Kline W. Cash , 63 , was found dead by his wife in their home , said Leigh Caldwell , a victims services coordinator for the sheriff 's office . Blanton said Cash 's home may have been robbed . On Wednesday , the bound and shot bodies of 83-year-old Hazel Linder and her 50-year-old daughter , Gena Linder Parker , were found in the mother 's home , where she lived alone . "  We 're still trying to determine if anything 's missing from there , " Blanton said . Thursday night brought two more shooting victims -- 45-year-old Stephen Tyler was found shot dead and his 15-year-old daughter wounded in the family-run furniture and appliance store , Tyler Home Center , said Chief Rick Turner of the Gaffney Police Department . He would not say whether the Tylers were bound . The daughter remained hospitalized Friday , Caldwell said . Leave has been canceled for all members of the Police Department and the Sheriff 's Department , said their respective chiefs , who urged residents to take precautions . About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case , Blanton said . "  I think our community has a right to be concerned , " he said . "  We 're concerned . We 're dealing with a man that 's killed four people . " He urged residents to check on relatives , especially those who live alone . "  We 're asking the people in our community to be vigilant , to report anything . " But he cautioned against taking that too far . "  Our concern is that people are going to start shooting at shadows , " he said . In a separate incident , police looking for the shooter tried to stop a dark SUV Chevrolet Blazer and wound up with yet another killing , this one apparently self-inflicted . "  The driver , who the officer did n't know at the time was a female , pulled over , " Blanton said . "  The passenger door opened ; two children got out with their hands up . " The children were in their early teens , he said . "  The mother takes off . The officer gives chase thinking maybe she 's the suspect . Shots were fired during the chase . " As police cars converged on the SUV , "  Somewhere in the middle she takes her own life , " he said . "  Right now , we 're working it as a self-inflicted gunshot wound , suicide . " Blanton said narcotics were found in the car driven by the woman , whom he identified as a 35-year-old woman from nearby Blacksburg , South Carolina .	Man fatally shoots 4 people in less than a week near Gaffney , South Carolina "  Under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " sheriff says 100 investigators from North and South Carolina working the case Woman apparently kills self after police stop her while looking for shooter
EW.com  -- Demi Moore finally settled on a new Twitter handle , letting go of the @mrskutcher name that she used to grow popular on the social networking site . After announcing her split from Ashton Kutcher last November , the actress left Twitter for a while . But she recently resurfaced and asked for help in determining a new handle . As of today , Moore decided that her followers will now know her as "  justdemi . " "  So hard finding a name that was fun somewhat playful and available . So for now it will be @justdemi It could grow on me ! " she wrote on her account . It sounds like Ms. Moore is flexible about her choice â $ " so it could change again . And for a woman who still goes by her first husband 's last name , we 're surprised she made such a big deal about what she 's called on Twitter . Although we are still hoping she 'll change her mind and go with @theexmrswillis . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Demi Moore has dropped her @mrskutcher Twitter handle She will now be known as @justdemi Moore split with Ashton Kutcher last November
CNN  -- On January 26 , a ruling by the Librarian of Congress made unlocking a cell phone for use on other carriers illegal under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 . Unbelievably , such a policy means that those unlocking their phones could face up to five years in jail and a $ 500,000 fine . This ruling affects average people , international travelers and hundreds of thousands of our service members . Unlocking your phone not only allows you to move from one carrier to another when your contract is up ; it also increases the resale value of your device . This prohibition is a violation of our property rights . It makes you wonder , if you ca n't alter the settings on your phone , do you even own your own phone ? This ruling is a clear example of crony capitalism , a consequence of a few companies asking for the law to be changed to their benefit despite the invasion of our property rights , its impact on consumers and its impact on the overall market . This decision makes it harder for new participants to enter the market , which hinders competition and leads to less innovation . This is why the trade association representing more than 100 wireless carriers across the country  Competitive Carriers Association  , including T-Mobile and Sprint , is strongly in favor of unlocking . It 's unfortunate that AT&T and Verizon 's main lobbying organization was the main proponent of this ban  the Wireless Association  . In a number of articles for The Atlantic , I helped turn this into a mainstream issue : "  The Most Ridiculous Law of 2013  So Far  : It Is Now a Crime to Unlock Your Smartphone " and "  The Law Against Unlocking Cellphones Is Anti-Consumer , Anti-Business , and Anti-Common Sense . " I teamed up with Sina Khanifar , an entrepreneur whose company had been shut down for unlocking phones , and we led an advocacy effort for a White House petition . Our White House petition reached 114,000 signatures , the first petition to reach the new threshold of 100,000 , which requires a response . Our movement involved a new coalition of actors , many of whom were part of the vocal opposition to the doomed Stop Online Piracy Act , or SOPA , but also involved groups such as the Tea Party Nation and the National College Republicans . The White House reversed course and came out strongly in favor of unlocking and against the criminal penalties : "  The White House agrees with the 114,000 + of you who believe that consumers should be able to unlock their cell phones without risking criminal or other penalties . In fact , we believe the same principle should also apply to tablets , which are increasingly similar to smartphones . And if you have paid for your mobile device , and are n't bound by a service agreement or other obligation , you should be able to use it on another network . It 's common sense , crucial for protecting consumer choice and important for ensuring we continue to have the vibrant , competitive wireless market that delivers innovative products and solid service to meet consumers ' needs . " The White House also came out in support of finding legislative fixes to solve this problem . The Federal Communications Commission has announced an investigation into this issue , and the chairman and a commissioner have publicly spoken in support of unlocking . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , took the lead on this issue and announced that he is working on legislation to fix this problem . This is terrific news and a great way for those in Washington to help win over the digital generation . Other members of Congress are also coming out in favor . There is a groundswell of momentum on this issue . But will Congress actually fix the problem , or will it just check the box ? Ordinary and commonplace technologies have been made illegal by default without any serious policy consideration . Use of these technologies has to be approved for personal use every three years by the Librarian of Congress -- but even when approved -- developing , trafficking and selling the technologies is still illegal . That 's the fundamental problem with unlocking , and that 's the problem that must be permanently fixed , requiring nothing less than legislation to legalize unlocking for personal use permanently . Merely temporarily reversing the decision of the Librarian of Congress and keeping the underlying technology still illegal , and the personal exception subject to periodic new approval would put us back in this boat every three years . Such a nonsolution would show that Congress , even in the wake of SOPA , still is n't serious about innovation . Unfortunately , legislation by Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , does this very thing , but I have confidence that in the coming weeks it can be improved to fix the problem . But beyond unlocking , there are other issues that need to receive serious review and consideration . Currently , there is an exception for personal jailbreaking  allowing individuals to install unapproved applications by altering the phone 's operating system  , but developing , selling , trafficking or discussing the underlying technology is still illegal and there are no personal exceptions for tablets or other devices . This makes no sense , especially when according to @Saurik , 23 million iOS devices are running a version of Cydia -- a rough barometer of the number of devices that have been jailbroken . Until recently , personal jailbreaking was illegal as well -- meaning that all of the owners of those devices could be criminally liable . A law that potentially makes 23 million people felons punishable by up to five years in prison for activity that does not harm anyone else is a law that must be fixed . Additionally , accessibility technology for individuals who are blind and deaf is effectively illegal as well and subject to the same ridiculous approval process by the Librarian of Congress . It is unconscionable that persons who are deaf and blind are considered felons punishable by up to five years in prison and a $ 500,000 fine for using technology that they may need to access media . We want every teenager who knows how to code to have an incentive to develop a new accessibility technology that may help these people enjoy media -- we may have no idea the potential innovations that we have criminalized senselessly . This technology should be made permanently lawful for personal use , creation , trafficking and selling . Lastly , research into computer science and cryptography for academic purposes should be lawful  read more on the topic here  . There is a current exception , but it is narrow and unclear , and this has a chilling effect upon a lot of legitimate research -- some of the research would actually help protect intellectual property by helping to make digital rights management software stronger . Computer science research should not be banned without explanation if we want economic growth in the technology sector . Last year the proposed SOPA law would have censored the Internet and curtailed technological innovation . It is easy to see why it inflamed millions of Americans whose opposition killed the legislation . In this case , the government has banned broad categories of technologies -- and broad categories of uses -- without any clear governmental interest . This is another extreme and unacceptable violation of personal freedom . A free society should n't have to petition its government every three years to allow access to technologies that are ordinary and commonplace . A free society should not ban technologies unless there is a truly overwhelming and compelling governmental interest . Congress must act to legalize cellphone unlocking substantively , but then it must legalize other technologies that have been banned without explanation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Derek Khanna .	Derek Khanna : A ruling made people subject to prosecution for unlocking phones He says ability to unlock phones gives consumers choice , increases phone value Khanna : Companies should n't be able to rely on law to bolster their competitive position Permanent changes are needed to make unlocking legal , he says
Transport authorities in New Delhi have cracked down on the car service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her . The accused driver arrived at a New Delhi court Monday and was returned into custody for further questioning , police said . The city 's transport department announced Monday it was banning Uber services in the Indian capital , saying its investigation revealed the company was violating permit rules . "  They  Uber services  have been banned for the future , " New Delhi 's transport authority secretary Ranjana Deswal told CNN . Deswal said Uber was found to be operating local taxi services in the city , despite only having been granted national permits to ferry passengers between states . "  Their taxis on all-India permit have been ferrying customers point-to-point in Delhi in violation of the rules , " she said . In an official statement , the transport department said Uber had been "  blacklisted " from providing services in the future because of the alleged "  horrific crime " and permit violations . Uber has n't been officially notified of the ban and continues to operate , Karun Arya , a spokesman for the company , said Tuesday . New Delhi 's traffic police said , though , that they would be putting the ban into effect . "  We received the notification just last evening . It will be implemented , " said Muktesh Chander , the city 's special traffic commissioner . Any cab violating any permit rule or the ban can be impounded , he told CNN . Suspect in court The Uber driver accused of raping his passenger was arrested in Mathura -- about 150 kilometers  93 miles  southeast of New Delhi -- on Sunday , authorities said . The suspect , Shiv Kumar Yadav , arrived at a New Delhi court Monday and was placed into police custody for another three days for further questioning , said Madhur Verma , deputy commissioner of police for North Delhi . Investigators also questioned a senior Uber executive at a New Delhi police station , Verma added . Verma earlier said that when Yadav had registered as an Uber driver , he used his real name but an incorrect address . "  His address and background  were  unverified . He was not having  the mandatory  security badge which is given after police verification , " Verma said . Yadav was acquitted in a previous rape case in 2012 , he said . Uber said in a statement that it "  exclusively partners " with registered drivers who have been through the commercial licensing process and who have government identification and state-issued permits . Police are requesting more information from Uber as they try to determine "  what due diligence was taken before using this driver , " Verma said . Alleged assault The alleged victim is a 26-year-old employee of a finance company in Gurgaon , a New Delhi suburb , he said . After work Friday , she had dinner at a friend 's apartment before ordering an Uber car to take her home , Verma said . She dozed off in the automobile , she told police , according to Verma . When she woke up , the driver had parked the car on a "  deserted stretch , " where he assaulted her , Verma said , citing her complaint . The driver then dropped her off near her home , threatening her with violence if she told anyone what had happened , Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh told parliament Monday . The victim called police at 1:30 a.m. Saturday , less than an hour after the attack . Background checks Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick said his company would work with the local government "  to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs . " But Verma disputed that assertion , saying that "  background checks are already part of our established practice . " Opinion : Uber , grow up , start by sacking your ` creep ' VP In its statement , Uber called the alleged assault an "  abhorrent crime " and said it had given police the driver 's name , photo , address and vehicle registration , along with details of the trip during which the assault allegedly occurred . "  Our thoughts remain with the victim who has shown tremendous courage under the circumstances , " the company said . "  We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice . " National campaigns The December 2012 gang rape and killing of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student in New Delhi put the spotlight on sexual assaults in the country of 1.25 billion people . Four of the six men involved in the attack were sentenced to death , and their cases are navigating the appeals process . The crime ignited campaigns to call attention to violent crime targeting women , and since then , rapes have made headlines all over the country , from the districts of Moradabad , Badaun , Bahraich , Kushinagar and Mumbai . In June , three brothers confessed to raping two teenage girls in Uttar Pradesh state . Police said at first that the suspects hanged their victims from a mango tree , but an investigation of their deaths concluded late last month that the girls committed suicide . One of the victim 's brothers has said he is skeptical of the investigation 's findings . Last week , video emerged of sisters Aarti and Pooja Kumar punching and thrashing three men with a belt while riding a bus in the northern state of Haryana . The sisters accused the men of harassing them and told CNN affiliate IBN they hoped the video of them fighting back would deter other attacks . "  Parents must teach their sons how to behave with women , " Aarti Kumar , 22 , told the station .	Uber says it has n't been notified of the ban and continues to operate The city 's traffic police say they will start implementing the ban on the car service The move follows the alleged rape of a woman by an Uber driver who is now in police custody The suspect in the case appeared in court Monday ; Uber has called the incident "  abhorrent "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Technology is changing golf in such a way that the next generation of players could be learning their skills on computer screens rather than golf greens . A keen golfer playing the virtual game . South Korea 's Y.E. Yang became the first Asian-born male winner of a major when he won the U.S. PGA Championship but there is a possibility the region 's next star will come from cyber golf . There are an estimated 3.5 million golfers in South Korea but many of them have never seen an 18-hole course out in the open . Their game lives in the virtual world - forced indoors because most of the 260 golf courses in South Korea are expensive and oversubscribed . A round of virtual golf will cost between $ 20 to $ 30 and the format has seen a proliferation of users - just over five years ago there were 300 golf cafes but now there are over 3,000 operating some 12,000 simulators . Watch CNN 's Justin Armsden 's report on virtual golf in South Korea . " Youngchan Kim , president of Golfzon who own around 60 percent of the simulator market , revealed that the continuing success of virtual golf lies with its accessibility to the masses . "  In Korea it is very expensive to play golf in the field and it requires a lot of time . So the expensive and time-consuming factors were resolved through virtual golf , " he told CNN 's Living Golf . "  Virtual golf or golf cafes are very popular in Korea at the moment . It 's only about 10 percent of what it regularly costs to play in the field . " Simulated golf is a fast-growing pastime with industry officials estimating seven out of every 10 simulators sold globally are installed in South Korea . Indeed Golfzon confirmed that broadcasting live virtual golf tournaments is the next step to satisfy the thirst for the sport in the region - although its popularity is not restricted to South Korea . James Day , director and founder of Urban Golf in the UK , admitted that virtual golf has a strong appeal outside of Asia and attract over 1000 customers a week to their two branches in London . "  Golf is changing at the moment and virtual golf has rewritten the rules of the game . For example , we do n't have a membership or a dress code and we provide the equipment so it is accessible to more people , " Day explained . "  There is a huge appetite for virtual golf and with over 500 people coming through the door at our two sites means we are set to open a two new places in the future to cope with the demand . "  The only disappointing thing is that there is has been little recognition by some of the official bodies within the game who do not seem as enthusiastic to embrace it . "  The ball tracking technology is exceptionally accurate and it is now at the level whereby it will reach a 100 percent accuracy in the next few years so virtual golf is becoming a serious practice option for professionals . " Dr Mark Smith , head of the Golf Education and Research Group at the University of Lincoln , admitted that a future talent could emerge having developed their game primarily through virtual play . He told CNN : "  Nothing beats playing golf in its purest form out on a proper outdoor course but the core skills can be developed , analyzed and improved on virtual machines . "  In theory there is nothing to prevent a player from rising through the virtual world and developing a level of ability with transferable skills to the outdoor game . "  And with the kind of statistics being talked about in Asia it would not be a surprise if a player came through the ranks whose first taste of the game had been on a computer screen rather than the course green . "	Most of the 260 golf courses in South Korea are expensive and oversubscribed Many players in the country enjoy virtual golf as a more accessible alternative Seven out of every 10 golf simulators sold globally are installed in South Korea Virtual golf can be a useful tool to hone technique on actual golf courses
CNN  -- Richard Bach , author of the 1970s classic "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull , " was seriously injured in a small plane crash on San Juan Island , Washington , a dispatcher said Saturday . Bach was flying the plane , which went down Friday afternoon . No one else was aboard . He was trying to land on a small , private airstrip when the undercarriage of the plane clipped power lines , said Michael McElrath , a dispatcher with the San Juan County Sheriff 's Office . The National Transportation Board is helping to investigate the crash , which started a small brush fire on the island . San Juan Island is between the U.S. mainland and Vancouver Island , British Columbia . McElrath did not know details of Bach 's injuries . The author was flown to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , where he was listed in serious condition . Bach , who lives on nearby Orcas Island , flies frequently , the dispatcher said . Best known for "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull , " Bach wrote several other books , including "  Illusions : The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah " and "  A Gift of Wings . " "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull " tells the story of a restless seagull that loves to fly . It includes photographs by Russell Munson , and was made into a movie in 1973 -- three years after it was first published .	Bach is best known for his 1970 classic , "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull " He was the pilot of the plane , which crashed Friday on San Juan Island The cause of the crash is under investigation
New York  CNN  -- Competitive eater Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut proved himself the official top dog of the hot dog-eating world when he ate 62 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes at the annual Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest on Monday , but his archnemesis Takeru Kobayashi crushed Chestnut 's world record at an off-site event where he pounded down 69 hot dogs and buns . For the fifth year in a row , Chestnut beat the 17-man field at the 96th annual Major League Eating event at Coney Island in Brooklyn , New York . Kobayashi , who has been banned from the contest due to a contract dispute with Major League Eating , competed from afar : on the roof of a Manhattan bar , in unison with Chestnut and his fellow competitors . Kobayashi polished off 69 hot dogs and buns to the tune of a crowd chanting "  Kobi ! Kobi ! " and the official Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest playing on a television beside him . He beat Chestnut 's 2009 world record of 68 hot dogs and buns . But Chestnut brushed off the feat since Kobayashi was miles away from the cheering crowds in Brooklyn . "  It was n't a competition , " he said . "  It was no different than what I do at practice on my own and I 'm able to break a record at my house , " Chestnut added . Event organizers agree , arguing that the record is not official if it 's not broken at Coney Island . "  I do n't know if it was a magic show or an eating contest , " said Richard Shea , president of Major League Eating . "  Not having been there , it seems like a bit of a farce . The hot dog eating contest is on Coney Island . " Major League Eating will not recognize Kobayashi 's 69 hot dogs as a new world record , Shea said . Kobayashi , who gained 18 pounds during the contest , said his makeshift competition was to remind the world "  that I 'm still good , that I 'm still in the contest , " he said through an interpreter . "  During practice , I had already broken the record , so I had enough confidence that I could beat that , " he added . Kobayashi took home six consecutive Nathan 's contest titles from 2001 to 2006 . Last year , he was arrested after rushing the stage at the Coney Island event . But Chestnut remains the official champion , and he will share his official title with Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas , who devoured 40 hot dogs and buns to beat eight other eaters in the first women 's Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest . Thomas missed her own personal record by just one hot dog . Event organizers split the contest into female and male competitions this year to give the ever-expanding female field of competitors a chance at the big prize . Both Chestnut and Thomas were awarded $ 10,000 . Chestnut took home the contest 's signature Mustard belt -- a yellow championship belt -- while Thomas was the first recipient of a pink belt , meant to promote event sponsor Pepto Bismol .	Joey Chestnut wins Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest , eating 62 hot dogs and buns Takeru Kobayashi beats Chestnut 's world record at a separate event Major League Eating will not recognize Kobayashi 's feat as a record Sonya Thomas wins the women 's competition , eating 40 hot dogs and buns
CNN  -- Syrian security forces determined to quell a three-month uprising stormed the northern village of Badama , near the Turkish border , a witness and an activist said Saturday . Units entered the village equipped with at least six tanks , 21 armed personnel carriers , 10 security buses and randomly fired at houses , the Syrian activist said , adding that security forces also closed the road to the village of Khirbet Aljooz . Two activists said the forces shelled the mountains around Badama , causing a fire that will block refugees and aid . Jameel Saib , an eyewitness near the Turkish border , told CNN people that displaced Syrians trying to enter Badama to get bread and supplies saw the Syrian forces close roads leading to the border . If Badama is taken , Syrian refugees who want to escape the violence in their country will have no medicine or clean water , Saib said . "  This is a starvation war they 're waging , " he said . Turkish helicopters were flying in the area , Saib said . CNN could not verify on which side of the border the helicopters were operating . Meanwhile , the British government Saturday advised its citizens to leave Syria immediately and not travel there . "  Those who choose to remain in Syria , or to visit against our advice should be aware that it is highly unlikely that the British Embassy in Damascus would be able to provide a normal consular service in the event of a further breakdown in law and order and increased violent civil disorder , " the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . Violence in Syria and an offensive in and around the town of Jisr al-Shugur has spurred thousands of people to make their way to the border region . Turkish officials are worried that the crisis could deteriorate and destabilize the area . The Turkish government said Saturday more than 10,100 Syrians have crossed the border . About 3,000 more were on the border near Badama , Saib said . More than 1,100 people may have died since the unrest across Syria began in mid-March after teens were arrested for writing anti-government graffiti in Daraa , according to Amnesty International . The Syrian government has consistently blamed the protest casualties on "  armed gangs . " International pressure on the regime continues to grow . The United States is collecting information on possible war crimes by Syrian security forces amid the crackdown , a senior Obama administration official said Friday . The White House faces pressure from critics who say the administration has been slow to respond to crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators . The administration is lobbying members of the U.N. Security Council to support a resolution on Syria that , as another administration official put it , "  would send a strong message to President  Bashar  al-Assad . " Actress Angelina Jolie met with Syrian refugees in Turkey on Friday and drew attention to the anguish faced by families -- and families torn apart -- by the violence in Syria . The refugees are living in four camps managed by Turkey and the Turkish Red Crescent , according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  The people in this camp have fled in fear for their lives , and many told me they were distraught about the safety of loved ones still in Syria , " Jolie said , according to the refugee agency . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Troops shell mountains , activist says More than 10,100 Syrians in Turkey British nationals advised to leave Syria Syrians have streamed across border with Turkey
CNN  -- A day after Miriam Carey ran a barricade and led police on a high-velocity chase through the middle of the nation 's capital , authorities were searching for clues to explain the bizarre chain of events that led to her death . Although Carey was shot while driving with her baby , the child was uninjured . Many questions surrounding those facts remain . Related : Was the shooting justified ? Here 's what we know about Carey , a 34-year-old who reportedly had worked as a dental hygienist in Connecticut . Boyfriend : She thought the president was monitoring her A law enforcement source involved in the investigation said Thursday that Carey 's boyfriend had told police last winter that she appeared to be delusional . The boyfriend said she claimed President Barack Obama had placed Stamford , Connecticut , where she lived , under lockdown and that her house was under electronic surveillance , the source said . He told police that she was suffering from postpartum depression , was having trouble sleeping and was on medication . Carey underwent a mental health evaluation , the source said . Related : What is postpartum psychosis ? Authorities have not officially linked the incident to mental illness or any other factor . Postpartum psychosis A few months after her daughter was born , Miriam Carey was diagnosed with postpartum depression with psychosis , her sister told CNN 's AC360 . Postpartum psychosis can cause delusions and paranoia , according to medical experts . "  There was n't a pattern . It was something that occurred suddenly , " Amy Carey-Jones said . "  She seemed overwhelmed . There was a lot of stress . "  There was not moments of her walking around with delusions . That was not what was going on . " But her sister was making progress with the help of counseling and medications . Carey-Jones said her sister recently told her that the doctors told her she did n't need the medication anymore . "  They tapered her off the medications , and she said she felt fine , " Carey-Jones said . She declined to discuss what medication Miriam Carey had taken . Her home Carey lived in an apartment that authorities searched Friday . Medication During the search , authorities found discharge papers from a 2012 mental health evaluation that listed prescriptions for medications to treat depression , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder -- a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation said Friday . Earlier , sources said investigators found medications , but that proved later not to be accurate . Authorities found a laptop computer , a flash drive and three non-working cell phones , the source said . A letter The source told CNN that Carey left a letter addressed to the boyfriend at her apartment and that it appeared to contain white powder . The letter was being tested for hazardous substances . The baby girl After surviving a high-speed police chase with Carey at the wheel , authorities placed the girl with a foster family , a spokesperson for Washington 's Child and Family Services Agency told CNN . During the chase , no shots were fired from the Infinity , CNN 's Deborah Feyerick reported . All shots were from law enforcement directed at the passenger side of the car . New York relatives In Brooklyn in New York City , where Carey 's mother and one of her four sisters live , a neighbor reported seeing the suspect Tuesday picking up her daughter . When federal agents arrived to conduct questioning , no one at the apartment answered the door . Carey 's Facebook page includes a map pinpointing Stamford and New York . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Carol Cratty , Deborah Feyerick , and Joe Johns contributed to this report .	NEW : Miriam Carey was diagnosed with postpartum psychosis , her sister says NEW : She was treated with medication and counseling , the sister says Miriam Carey 's baby has been placed with a foster family , an official says The boyfriend said she thought the president had placed her city on lockdown , a source said
CNN  -- In the old days , being passive-aggressive took effort . An annoyance -- like , say , a neighbor who has elected to make the stairwell his own personal broom closet -- would fester and fester until one was finally forced into action . IE , leaving a note to the effect of : "  Hi ! I tripped over a bucket of liquid in the hallway and turned my ankle . Therefore , I elected to remove your garbage from our common area -- for the sake of everyone 's safety . Thanks ! :D 3B . P.S. Everyone can hear you have sex through the wall . " Now , it 's all too easy to vent your frustrations via Twitter , Facebook and various and sundry meme machines , cluttering the newsfeeds of friends and "  Facebook friends " with your petty , petty gripes . We get it : Sometimes you just need to scream silently into your pillow , and since one does not always have a pillow on hand  unless one rolls like that  , the Web is often the closest substitute . Still , it is vital to realize that you are not , in fact , bellowing into the ether about your co-worker 's apparent lack of breathing-through-the-nose skills -- no , you are recording these grievances for all to see , laugh at and possibly garner a book deal via passive-aggressive notes . Thankfully , the Web  and its outlying regions  is an innovative place , and now it 's possible to get passive-aggressive  and even outright aggressive  without spreading your lack of sunshine to the rest of your social network . Here 's what to do : When your friends are being all foe-like The other weekend , you had a rather unfortunate drunken experience with a fire extinguisher at a local music venue . The next day , you confided in your friend -- let 's call him "  Steve " -- who immediately appropriated the venue 's security camera footage and posted your incriminating , foamy dance  you were belting out a stirring rendition of "  We Did n't Start the Fire , " you now recall  to YouTube . You became a viral star ! -- for all the wrong reasons . Angrily , you take to Facebook and start posting messages akin to , "  NOW I KNOW WHO MY REAL FRIENDS ARE ! " Sorry to break it to you , dude , but acting out digitally in this way makes you look like a giant loser -- not that you needed any help in the first place . Naturally , you should probably confront your friend , but if you ca n't manage to summon up the balls to do so , might we suggest downloading Face-Invaders , an iPad game that allows you to blast your Facebook friends in effigy as if they were malignant aliens from outer space . "  Steve " will never know what hit him -- unless you manage to get your hands on another fire extinguisher . When your beau is being a schmo So here 's the thing . Everything about you and your girlfriend makes us intensely uncomfortable : the way you  wetly  make out in public , the way you lick sauce off of each other 's face while eating , and , especially , the way you get into raging fights in public locations and then retreat into the nearest restroom to "  make up . " And when you port all of that over into the digital realm , snipping about fights and seeking support from your friends  "  He 's just not good enough for you , girl ! "  we 're just that much more embarrassed for you because it 's all out there for anyone to see  Openbook is watching  . Luckily , someone has gone and created an application called Pair especially for couples , allowing Jack and Jill to share pictures , videos , texts and drawings with each other -- and each other alone . So the next time you feel tempted to bring up Jack 's inability to purchase TP via incensed tweet , snap a pic of the naked roll and send it along to J instead . Bonus : The app also has a "  thumb kiss " feature that causes the phone to vibrate when both couples touch their appendages to their screens at the same time . It 's like really discreet makeup sex . NB : This app is intended to be used by happy couples , but we 're cynics . When your boss is eating your soul Wait until you get home and pull out the aforementioned pillow . Seriously . While we 're all about free speech and all that , it 's just basically a bad idea to post anything disparaging about your boss or workplace online . Why ? Because you never know who has access to your social accounts -- a lot of workplaces are even asking for Facebook logins nowadays  a practice that we wholly do not endorse  . If you 're that upset about your current work situation , by all means get smashed and complain about it with friends  after looking over your shoulder , of course  . But after you 've recovered from your hangover , maybe start looking for another gig . If you must let off some steam , try firing up Enemy Graph , a Facebook app that allows you to declare friends or public figures "  enemies . " We hear Justin Bieber is a popular enemy , and there 's slim to no chance he 's your boss .	Face-Invaders is an iPad game that allows you to blast your Facebook friends in effigy It 's always a bad idea to post anything disparaging about your boss or workplace online Facebook app Enemy Graph allows you to declare friends or public figures "  enemies "
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron will hold talks at 10 Downing Street on Wednesday to discuss racism in football following several high profile incidents in the English Premier League . "  We simply can not brush this under the carpet , " Cameron said , writing in The Sun newspaper . "  I 've no doubt that football will crack this problem â $ " and the Government stands ready to do anything it can to help . " Racism has been in the spotlight after cases involving some of football 's most-famous players and figures . England national manager Fabio Capello resigned this month after a meeting with English Football Association chairman David Bernstein . Capello had openly criticized on Italian TV the English FA 's decision to remove John Terry as England captain . Terry , who is accused of racially abusing another player during a match , will go on trial July 9 following the Euro 2012 finals . The case stems from comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand in an English Premier League match last year . Alison Saunders , chief crown prosecutor for London , said Terry is being prosecuted for a "  racially aggravated public order offense " because of the comments during the October 23 match . The maximum penalty for the offense is Â # 2,500  about $ 3,950  . The London-born defender has denied the allegations . Cameron says recent events highlight the need to end "  all forms of discrimination . " The FA , the Premier League and every club has signed onto a charter to "  Tackle Homophobia and Transphobia in Sport . " In another case last year , Liverpool 's Luis Suarez was suspended and fined for racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra . Suarez was suspended for eight matches and fined Â # 40,000  $ 63,000  , England 's Football Association announced in December . Evra said Suarez repeatedly shouted a racial slur at him during the October 15 match and demanded that Suarez be held accountable . Suarez did not specify what he said , but said it was n't offensive . And his club issued a statement saying it was "  very surprised and disappointed " with the decision . Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years . In January , police arrested a man on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture at a high-profile soccer match between Liverpool and Manchester United . Earlier that month , Merseyside police arrested a 20-year-old man on "  suspicion of a racially-aggravated public order offense " following a Liverpool match against Oldham .	Cameron says football can "  crack this problem " The English Premier League has had a number of high-proflie incidents One case stems from comments a Chelsea footballer allegedly made Racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged English football for years
SISAKET PROVINCE , Thailand  CNN  -- The foreign ministers of Thailand and Cambodia will meet Monday in an effort to resolve a week-long military standoff over an ancient border temple that sits on disputed land , Thailand 's prime minister said Thursday . Cambodian Buddhist monks walk at Preah Vihear temple on Monday . The meeting will take place in Siem Reap , Cambodia one day after Cambodia 's general election on Sunday , Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej told CNN . An eight-hour meeting between Thai and Cambodian officials ended earlier this week with both sides agreeing on only one point : that troops each country has amassed at the site of the Preah Vihear temple will not fire on each other , the Thai News Agency reported . The site of Monday 's meeting is closer to the better-known Angkor Wat temple in Cambodia . For now , the countries are seeking regional intervention from their Southeast Asian neighbors . Foreign ministers of the 10 countries that comprise the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  are meeting in Singapore this week . Sundaravej spoke to his Cambodian counterpart , Hun Sen , on Thursday to arrange next week 's high-level meeting . He said Hun agreed to stop pursuing the issue at the U.N. Security Council . Cambodia had sent a letter to the council to call attention to the standoff . As a result , the Security Council postponed a meeting planned for next week on the tensions , the council 's president , Vietnamese ambassador Le Luong Minh , said Thursday . The dispute is over an 11th century temple to which Cambodia and Thailand both lay claim . It sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand says the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia -- a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . This month , the U.N. approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places that have outstanding cultural value . The decision reignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it would make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph in the run-up to the general elections . The current flare-up began July 15 , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies that , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . CNN Producer Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Two nations involved in disagreement over ancient temple Talks next week will be aimed at resolving military standoff Thailand , Cambodia seek regional intervention from neighbors
CNN  -- Thousands of people turned out Saturday in the southern Austrian city of Klagenfurt for the funeral of politician Joerg Haider , a popular but polarizing figure who led right-wing Austrian politics for decades . Harald Scheucher , mayor of Klagenfurt , speaks in front of the coffin of Joerg Haider Saturday . Among those attending the service at the town 's central Neuen Platz square were Austrian President Heinz Fischer and Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer . Haider 's widow sat in the front row with her two daughters , all of them dressed in black . "  Many people expected things of Joerg Haider that they themselves were n't able to fulfill , and he too expected things of people that he was n't able to fulfill , " Gusenbauer said at the funeral . "  Therefore his death , and the end of his life , may be a time to think about whether death 's only consolation is that we can now reconcile things that seemed irreconcilable during his lifetime . " Haider 's coffin was draped in the yellow , red and white flag of the southern state of Carinthia , where he was governor , and topped with red roses . Haider , 58 , died last Saturday in a car accident while driving out of Klagenfurt , the state capital . He had just passed another car on a highway when his car hit a concrete post and rolled over several times , police said . His spokesman said this week that Haider was drunk at the time of the crash . Besides being Carinthia 's governor , Haider was also head of the right-wing BZO party  Alliance for the Future of Austria  , which he founded in 2005 after years with the conservative Freedom Party . Haider came to prominence in 1986 , when he became head of the Freedom Party while still in his 30s . A politician who projected youth and style , Haider appealed to many working-class Austrians , promising to cut their taxes and give money to those with children . Some older Austrians responded to his demands for strict law and order . But he drew widespread criticism both at home and abroad for his anti-immigrant stance and remarks considered anti-Semitic , and in 1991 he publicly praised Nazi Germany 's employment policy . Asked in 2000 about the statement , Haider told CNN the quote was taken from a long speech and that he never praised the Third Reich . He called the remarks a mistake and publicly denounced Nazism . But Haider continued to draw attention for his controversial remarks . They included an address to veterans of the Waffen S.S. , Adolf Hitler 's elite soldiers , in which he praised their character . The address created an uproar after it was broadcast on German television . Haider said he had simply been speaking to elderly citizens of Carinthia who included some former Waffen S.S. members . Despite the controversy , Haider said he was not racist : "  You will not find any anti-Semitic position in our party program , and you will not find any anti-Semitic speech or statement by me . " The policies of the Freedom Party drew international attention during the elections in 1999 . Party campaign posters urged voters to stop the flood of immigration and used the term "  over-foreignization , " the same word used by Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels in 1933 to criticize what he called Jewish influence in Germany . Haider told CNN he favored restricting immigration simply because of Austria 's small size , but that he wanted to keep an open border for refugees . It was his family background , Haider said , that kept singling him out for criticism . Haider 's parents were activists in the Nazi Party long before Austrian-born Hitler annexed Austria to Germany in 1938 . Haider 's father , Robert , volunteered for the S.A. , the notorious brown shirts who terrorized Jews and others before the war . He then served in the German army . His biographer , Melanie Sully , said Haider felt a strong sense of loyalty to his parents and those in the war generation . "  He feels that what they sacrificed after the war in rebuilding Austria in very difficult circumstances needs to be honored and that they were n't all criminals , " Sully told CNN in 2000 . Under Haider 's leadership , the Freedom Party made a strong showing in the 1999 elections , winning 27 percent of the vote and shaking up the traditional two-party system that had ruled Austria since World War II . When the two main parties in that election failed to agree on forming a government together , the Freedom Party was invited to share power . Haider retired as party leader after that but remained governor of Carinthia . When Haider formed the BZO party three years ago , he took with him a number of Freedom Party lawmakers . Haider was credited with helping the BZO make significant gains in last month 's general elections alongside the Freedom Party , though Austria 's two largest parties , the Social Democrats and the People 's Party , came out on top . The vote reflected reflected public dissatisfaction with the two largest parties as well as support for the social populism , anti-European Union and anti-immigrant rhetoric of the BZO and Freedom Party . southern Austrian city of Klagenfurt	Thousands attend the funeral of right-wing politician Joerg Haider in Austria Chancellor : Many people expected things of Haider they themselves could not fulfill Haider died last Saturday in a car accident , spokesman confirms he was drunk Haider drew support from many but criticized for his praise of some Nazi policies
CNN  -- What if police gave out presents instead of traffic tickets . That would be a nice trick , or maybe an alternate reality . Actually , it was a stunt for UPtv . The family friendly cable channel pulled off the stunt in late November with the help of Lowell , Michigan , Police Department . Officer Scot VanSolkema stopped unsuspecting drivers for minor traffic violations and then chatted them up about what their family would like for Christmas . "  Got all your Christmas shopping done ? " he asked one woman as she pulled out her proof of insurance and registration . "  No , I have n't even started , " she answered before telling VanSolkema what her daughter and son were asking for . Listening in were Santa 's helpers with UPtv , who quickly dashed about a local store buying , wrapping and delivering the presents to the traffic stop within 15 minutes . Surprise ! "  Oh my God , can I hug you ? " So , on and on it went , 50 drivers in all , according to CNN affiliate WZZM . VanSolkema handed out some 30 presents worth about $ 7,000 . And no tickets . Lowell Police Chief Steve Bukala said you can learn a lot about somebody in just a few minutes . "  Most of the contact the police officers have with the general public is on a traffic stop and you can find a lot out about that person in that 10 to 15 minute window , whether they 're having a good day , a bad day , or a horrible day , " he said . "  And then we got this idea : what if we could change that person 's day in real time ? What if we could change that person 's day right now ? "	TV stunt with police department hands out presents , not tickets Police pulled over drivers and then asked them about Christmas shopping Santa 's helpers listened in and quickly delivered gifts They handed out about 30 presents worth $ 7,000
CNN  Gov. Bobby Jindal has been speaking in London recently , and he startled quite a number of people in the House of Commons when he talked about "  no-go zones " in Britain , places where Sharia law trumps British law . He announced confidently to a group that included a number of British parliamentarians that the police in the United Kingdom do n't dare to tread in these zones , where Sharia law is widely used . "  Nonassimilationist Muslims establish enclaves and carry out as much of Sharia law as they can without regard for the laws of the democratic countries which provided them a new home , " he said . This is the sort of ill-informed fantasy that plays well in certain right-wing circles . This probably works for Jindal back home in Louisiana . Oddly enough , Fox News got into trouble recently on the "  no-go zone " nonsense , too , as when Steve Emerson , a so-called terrorism expert , explained to the American masses that Birmingham , a major British urban center , was populated entirely by Muslims and that "  non-Muslims just simply do n't go in . " British Prime Minister David Cameron correctly labeled him "  a complete idiot , " and Emerson 's remark caused a spokesperson for the network to admit that Muslim "  no-go zones " do n't actually exist , not in Britain , not in Europe . Needless to say , there are places where a lot of Muslim immigrants live in close proximity , and outsiders might feel uncomfortable walking around . The same would be true for parts of America where you might feel uncomfortable walking around if you were , say , black or white -- it would depend on the neighborhood .  An African American colleague of mine recently told me that her sons , in their 20s , often feel threatened in white neighborhoods , and I do n't doubt the truth of this . It 's not unusual for socio-economic , even racial or ethnic , groups to cluster . My own grandparents came to the United States as immigrants in 1912 , and they lived for some years in Italian ghettos in New York . Most immigrant groups start in ghettos somewhere , and many of them never get out . But the question of Sharia law is interesting . Unofficial Sharia courts will be found in Europe , here and there . But these arbitration bodies do n't trump the legal system of the country where they occur . An article in The Economist noted , in fact , that there have long been rabbinical courts in Jewish neighborhoods in Britain -- not a dissimilar sort of thing . There are even places in the United States where Christians can work out their disputes in a kind of extrajudicial manner . Family law , for instance , is often the issue here , and there are cultural values that play into the need for this kind of culturally inflected arbitration . That in some Muslim neighborhoods there might be an accommodation to Sharia law seems not surprising , and this does n't mean that sooner or later we can expect adulterous women to be stoned to death in Birmingham or thieves to have their hands lopped off in East London . Blasphemy will not soon lead to the gas chamber in Europe -- indeed , capital punishment is not legal in any European country  or any civilized country , for that matter , except for the USA  . Getting back to Gov. Jindal , one has to wonder what prompted his ignorant outburst . Was this a lame attempt to play into the broad public fears of radical Islam that have arisen in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo killings ? If so , that 's not good enough for a politician with any shred of integrity . In my view , Jindal immediately disqualified himself from ever holding a national political office by making such a bizarre statement , though it has n't stopped any number of American politicians with bizarre notions from winning major national offices in the past . Such behavior does , however , embarrass this country in the court of world opinion . The British , and most European countries , have struggled to accommodate Muslim immigrants , but they have nevertheless welcomed them in large numbers . For the most part , these immigrants have behaved well , despite the fear of their traditions and beliefs that leads to crazy exaggerations by politicians such as Jindal . There have been isolated and gruesome incidents of terrorism -- the murder of a British soldier , Lee Rigby , in the spring of 2013 comes to mind , or the vicious attacks in London of July 7 , 2005 , which left 52 dead and over 700 injured . The British have had to confront terror , and they 've done so without vilifying large parts of their own population . Indeed , they 've been forced to come to terms with what I would call British Exceptionalism -- the old imperial feeling that nobody who is not British can possibly lead a civilized way of life .  As Americans , of course , we struggle with our own feelings of exceptionalism , preferring to think that our ways are always the best and truest ways . Jindal was apparently on a 10-day "  fact finding " mission designed to bolster his credentials for a possible run at the White House in 2016 . He 's not as stupid as he sounds , in fact .  Indeed , he was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford , where he must have learned something . Let 's hope that he is a quick study , and that he learns how not to say idiotic things in public that cause a good deal of offense , if not harm , to unsuspecting people , fueling hatred rather than coming to terms .	In Britain , Gov. Bobby Jindal speaks of "  no-go zones , " places where Sharia law supposedly trumps British law Jay Parini says the GOP governor , on a fact-finding mission , needs to get his facts straight Let 's hope Jindal learns how not to say idiotic things that cause a good deal of offense or harm , Parini says
CNN  -- Casey Stoner is comfortable racing in Spain . So much so , the MotoGP world champion used Saturday 's qualifying run for the Catalunya Grand Prix as an extended practice session . Nonetheless , the Australian still topped the timesheets and will start Sunday 's race from the front of the grid . He heading off championship leader Jorge Lorenzo to claim the 36th pole position of his career in motorcycling 's elite division . "  We used the qualifying as an extended practice session as we do n't always have enough time to do everything during the 45-minute sessions , " said Stoner , who won the race last year before also triumphing at Valencia in November and then at Jerez in April . "  This morning we did a lot of work with the hard tire , so in the afternoon in these hot conditions , we worked more with the softer one to get a clearer understanding if we can run with it for race distance . "  We were in and out a lot during the session trying a few different things , hoping to reduce the chatter which is still proving to be a problem . Towards the end of the session we managed to improve it slightly but I think we need to make another step before the race . "  Tomorrow , for sure tire degradation is going to play a role so we 're going to have to wait and see , but I 'm happy to start from pole . " Last month the 26-year-old announced he will quit the sport at the end of this season , then finished third at the last race in Le Mans . The Honda rider set the fastest time on Saturday of one minute 41.295 seconds -- the equivalent of 334 kmh . Lorenzo , who won in France , clocked 1:41.441 and Spain 's 2010 world champion was joined on the front row by another Yamaha rider -- Cal Crutchlow of Britain . Lorenzo 's American teammate Ben Spies will lead the second row on Sunday after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda 's Dani Pedrosa and Italy 's Andrea Dovizisio . Former world champion Nicky Hayden was seventh , while the veteran American 's Ducati teammate Valentino Rossi was ninth . Rossi had hinted at a return to the form that won him seven world titles when he finished second in wet conditions at Le Mans , but the Italian was 0.88 seconds off Stoner 's pace in the Spanish heat . Veteran American Colin Edwards was 14th on his return to racing after a month out with a broken collarbone . "  It 's still a bit tender to touch but when I put my leathers on today I honestly did n't feel it . I do n't have any pain , no problem there , " the 38-year-old former Superbike world champion said .	World champion Casey Stoner tops qualifying times for Sunday 's Catalunya Grand Prix in Spain Australian Honda rider heads off series leader Jorge Lorenzo and Cal Crutchlow of Britain American Ben Spies will lead the second row after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda 's Dani Pedrosa Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi back in ninth position for Ducati
CNN  -- British Formula One team Williams will have an all-South American line-up next year , with Pastor Maldonado signing up to drive alongside Rubens Barrichello . Maldonado will be the first Venezuelan since Johnny Cecotto in 1984 to drive an F1 car when he lines up alongside Brazilian veteran Barrichello at the Bahrain Grand prix in March . The 25-year-old takes the seat of young German Nico Hulkenberg , who left after being unable to agree a new contract following his successful rookie year . Maldonado won the GP2 Series title this year , becoming the first driver to win six successive races , and tested for Williams in Abu Dhabi . "  I will be doing my best over the winter to prepare myself , and I know the team will be working hard to ensure a successful season , " he told the Williams website on Thursday . "  2011 will be the first time in nearly 30 years that a Venezuelan has driven a Formula One car , so I will be looking to get some good results in return for the support my country has given me to help get me to this position today . " A seven-time national kart champion , he won at Monaco in his debut GP2 season in 2007 . "  Since then , he has regularly reminded us of his unquestionable talent with some skilful wins , particularly during this year 's GP2 championship , " team principal Frank Williams said . "  Of course , we already know Pastor from the time he spent with the team at the Abu Dhabi test , but we are very much looking forward to developing his talent over the winter and a fruitful season with him next year . "	Pastor Maldonado will be the first Venezuelan to drive in F1 since the 1980s Williams sign the 25-year-old to replace departed rookie Nico Hulkenberg He will be the British team 's second driver alongside Brazil 's Rubens Barrichello
CNN  -- A virus is forcing Cher to postpone the opening of the second leg of her "  Dressed to Kill " tour this week . "  Cher was diagnosed over the weekend with what doctors termed an ` acute viral infection ' and has been required to be on full bed rest for several days , " according to an announcement on the ticket sales website . Cher 's show Thursday in Albany , New York , and Saturday in Manchester , New Hampshire , have been rescheduled for October 6 and 7 , respectively , the site said . She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Monday night . Cher , 68 , launched her current tour in March , selling out all 49 shows in the first leg ending in July , according to Billboard magazine . Those shows grossed nearly $ 55 million from 610,000 fans . Another 30 shows across the United States are on the calendar over the next two months . The singer 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment on Cher 's illness . The next leg of her shows should really live up to the "  Dressed to Kill " billing as she adds new costumes designed by Bob Mackie . Cher does n't really think Sonny is burning in hell Cher on her new tour , ` sloppy ' Miley and leather jackets	Doctors ordered Cher to bed rest for an acute viral infection Cher 's next shows in Albany , New York , and Manchester , New Hampshire , are delayed She is expected to return to the stage in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Monday
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. Defense Department on Monday identified the SEAL killed during a successful raid to free a captive doctor in Afghanistan . Petty Officer 1st Class Nicolas D. Checque , 28 , of Monroeville , Pennsylvania , died Saturday during the effort to free Dr. Dilip Joseph , the Navy said . NATO commanders believed Joseph was in imminent danger from his captors when the raid took place . While the Defense Department announcement said only that Checque belonged to an "  East Coast-based Special Warfare Unit , " a U.S. official said the man was a member of the Navy 's Special Warfare Development Group , more commonly known as SEAL Team Six . The elite unit is the same one that took part in the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The official did n't know if the SEAL who died was involved in that operation . "  He gave his life for his fellow Americans , and he and his teammates remind us once more of the selfless service that allows our nation to stay strong , safe and free , " President Barack Obama said of the slain SEAL before his identity was made public . Armed men kidnapped Joseph and two other staff members for the international aid group Morning Star on Wednesday as they returned from a rural medical clinic in eastern Kabul province . Tribal leader Malik Samad and district chief Muhammad Haqbeen told CNN that Joseph and an Afghan doctor were abducted near the village of Jegdalek in the Sarobi district , just outside Kabul . The International Security Assistance Force said Taliban insurgents kidnapped the men . Samad and Haqbeen identified the kidnappers as smugglers . Morning Star said negotiations began "  almost immediately " with the captors and went on sporadically into Saturday night , when two of the three were released . The Afghan doctor 's family paid $ 12,000 to the smugglers , Haqbeen and Samad said . Morning Star denied paying any "  ransom , money or other consideration " to win the release of its staffers , and the raid to free Joseph came 11 hours later after the other two were released . U.S. officials provided few details about the rescue effort , but Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said the SEALs "  knew they were putting their lives on the line to free a fellow American from the enemy 's grip . " Checque joined the Navy in 2002 after graduating from high school , according to a brief service record provided by the Defense Department . After attending recruit training in Illinois and advanced training in Virginia , he entered the SEAL program in April 2003 . He was assigned to his first SEAL unit in August 2004 , and transferred to a second unit , presumably SEAL Team Six , in September 2008 . He received the Bronze Star and several other awards during his 10-year Naval career . His former high school superiors and classmates at Norwin High School in North Huntington , Pennsylvania , remembered him as diligent and enthused about joining the military . "  He worked hard everyday and never complained , " his former wrestling coach Rich Ginther told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  I remember his senior year him basically telling us what he was training for , and it was to get in special forces . " The current vice principal , who graduated two classes ahead of Checque , called him a role model for the current students . "  It 's scary to hear these kind of stories that come out , " said Micheal Choby , "  but I 'm going to testament to the kind of man Nick built himself to be for these kids who are here aspiring to be in the military . " Former classmate Stefanie Stewart told CNN she sat next to Checque on the school bus almost every day . "  He always knew he wanted to go into the military , " she said . "  He was a very driven individual , had a very keen sense of mind . A strong-minded person . But underneath that , you could tell he had a good heart . " The rescued doctor has worked with Morning Star for three years . He serves as its medical adviser , and travels frequently to Afghanistan , the agency said . Morning Star did not release the identities of the other two men , citing safety concerns . Joseph is expected to return home to Colorado Springs , Colorado , within a few days , after medical examinations and debriefings , the agency sad . On Sunday , his family extended condolences to the slain sailor 's family . "  We are incredibly grateful for the multiple agencies of the U.S. government that have supported us in this difficult time , and especially the quick response by our military and partner allies to rescue Dilip , " the family said . "  They showed great heroism and professionalism . " Despite the kidnappings of Joseph and its two other staffers , Morning Star reiterated its "  commitment to continue its work " in Afghanistan . Read more : Low-key general thrust into spotlight as he takes over Afghanistan command Read more : U.S. has work cut out to make sure Afghan forces are combat ready Read more : Karzai says assassination try planned in Pakistan CNN 's Barbara Starr , Maria Ebrahimji , Deborah Doft , Dugal McConnell and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : High School classmates say Checque always knew he wanted to join the military The Defense Department identifies the SEAL slain in the rescue effort Dr. Dilip Joseph was among three abducted while returning from a rural clinic , officials say Two local Afghan leaders say smugglers were responsible ; ISAF blames the Taliban
CNN  -- The world 's population is expected to hit 7 billion around October 31 and one Chinese demographer says that number would have come a lot sooner had it not been for China 's "  one-child policy . " Zhai Zhenwu , a professor at Renmin University School of Sociology and Population , says but for China 's population policy , the world 's 7 billionth baby would have been born five years earlier . "  China 's population would now be around 1.7 billion had it not been for the family planning policy , " said Zhai . "  And the world 's population would have hit seven billion in 2006 . " China holds the largest population on earth with 1.34 billion people , but will not for long , as the fertility level has been declining for years . Since the Chinese government adopted its so-called "  family planning policy " three decades ago , China has limited couples to one child , with few exceptions . Those who broke the rule were slapped with heavy fines or were forced to abort pregnancies . Since 1979 , experts at the National Population and Family Planning Commission of China say , the policy has prevented more than 400 million births in the country . Why was the draconian policy necessary ? Proponents rationalized it as an emergency measure to curb the large number of births expected from the baby boomers of the 1960s . "  It was designed in 1979 to be a temporary one that required the ` sacrifice of two or three generations , ' as they put it then , " says Aprodicio Laquian , who served as the United Nations Fund for Population Activities  UNFPA  representative and senior adviser on population in China from 1984 to 1990 . "  It was meant to be implemented until the annual population growth rate reached replacement levels , or 1.5 children per woman of reproductive age . " The Canadian demographer says supporters of the policy now cite the double-digit economic growth rate since 1979 as the so-called "  demographic dividend . " Laquian explains : "  If population control had not been enforced , China would most likely be economically and socially worse off today . " The population policy might have also helped girls and women get ahead , as a survey by the All-China Women 's Federation and the National Bureau of Statistics found . But the policy has also brought about a list of unintended socio-economic consequences . China 's one-child policy has been blamed for abuses , including female infanticide and forced abortions and sterilizations . Chinese traditionally prefer boys over girls because they are seen as more able to provide for the family and carry on the family line . As a result , the practice of aborting female fetuses or abandoning infant girls still continues today in rural areas . This remains a sensitive topic in China , poignantly depicted in Mo Yan 's "  Frog , " a novel about a midwife in rural China and her experiences with forced abortions and sterilizations . Mo recently won China 's prestigious Mao Dun literary award -- a potential indication that China has become more open to talking about the issue . China is now facing a lopsided sex ratio in infants and young children . According to the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , for every 100 Chinese girls born , there are about 123 boys . The global norm is about 100 to 103-106 . At that rate , China is likely to have some 30 million unmarried men by 2020 . The unusually rapid decline in fertility has also produced a rapidly aging population . Two decades ago , demographers say , the share of China 's population aged 60 and above was only 7.6 % . That has risen to 10.5 % , according to China 's 2000 census , and has now reached around 12 % , or 167 million . By 2025 , demographers predict , one in five Chinese who live in urban areas will be 60 or older . By 2050 , there would be only 1.6 working-age adults for every person aged 60 and above . That means a heavy dependency ratio . In 10 years , the 20-24 age population is expected to comprise of only half of today 's 124 million . Experts say this could cripple the health care and social insurance system with fewer young people taking care of the aging population . If the government does not change its policies , experts say , China 's population could become old before it becomes rich . The high cost of the one-child policy is felt deeply by Beijing resident Xiao Xuan , an only-child daughter of a college professor and shopping mall manager . Xiao , 22 , says she was blessed with all the attention and resources showered at her from childhood . Still , she says , she had a mostly lonely childhood . "  I used to cut myself on my wrist after being yelled at by my mom and dad because I did n't know who I should talk to or turn to , " she says . "  I was like that for almost two years , but I am very tough so I made it through . " "  I hate to say it but the one-child policy should partly be blamed for some social issues of youth today , " she adds . "  It 's been a ridiculous government interference on family issues . " She wished she had a brother or a sister to share all the attention . "  I am the only one there , so all their energy goes to me , " she says . "  They care of no one else but me , and live vicariously through me , because they can count on no one else . Parents ' love could multiply if there are more kids in the family , but if you are the only one , you get only one piece of cake , not a whole bakery . " Canadian demographer Aprodicio Laquian says the Chinese authorities are aware of these unintended consequences of their population policies and are committed to dealing with the situation . "  It is anticipated that China 's strict population control program will most likely be relaxed as the objective situation changes , " he said . For Xiao Xuan 's parents , however , such a relaxation of policy may come too late . "  My parents have often expressed regret , " she says . "  They said they should have had another kid regardless of how much the -LSB- government -RSB- fined back then . "	If not for China 's one-child policy , world population would have hit 7 billion five years ago Fertility rates in China , the world 's most populous nation , are declining Supporters of the policy say it helped spur China 's double-digit economic growth Policy 's unintended consequences include female infanticide , lopsided sex ratio
CNN  -- A Florida man arrested with his wife on anabolic steroid possession charges claimed to have sold steroids to professional hockey and baseball players in the District of Columbia , but the National Hockey League and Washington Capitals said Wednesday they doubted the allegation . Richard Thomas and his wife , Sandra , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida . Richard Thomas , 35 , told officers he sold the steroids to unidentified players on the NHL 's Capitals and the Washington Nationals of baseball 's National League , said Sheriff Grady Judd of Polk County , Florida . "  Richard Thomas told us that he sold steroids to ballplayers on those teams , " Judd said after the arrests late Tuesday night . "  Now , is that one ballplayer to two ballplayers ? We do n't know . " NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly said the league would investigate the claim , but added that the Washington Capitals "  have no knowledge of any aspect of this allegation . " "  Capitals players were subjected to no-notice testing five separate times over the past two seasons pursuant to the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreement and there was no indication of any improper conduct or wrongdoing , " Daly said in a statement issued Wednesday . A separate statement by Capitals president Dick Patrick said the team had "  no reason to believe there is any merit to this story , " but would fully cooperate with the NHL 's investigation . MLB.com , the Web site of Major League Baseball , reported Wednesday that the league would look into the allegation involving the Washington Nationals . The report posted on the Web site of the Washington Nationals quoted Nationals president Stan Kasten as saying the team knew nothing about the steroids claim , and that the league was handling it . Thomas and his wife , Sandra , 49 , were arrested Tuesday night at their home in Lakeland , Florida , on 21 counts of possession of anabolic steroids , importation of anabolic steroids and maintaining a residence for drug sales , Judd said . He said the couple has been charged with 10 counts of steroid possession with intent to distribute , 10 counts of importing the drugs and one count of maintaining a residence for drug sales . According to Judd , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Philadelphia received information that the Florida couple would be receiving a shipment of steroids . Judd 's office then obtained a search warrant for the Lakeland home , where officers found steroids from points outside the United States , including Iran , he said . The arrest report says Richard Thomas told officers he was "  the biggest steroids dealer in central Florida . " Bond for Richard and Sandra Thomas was set at $ 215,000 each , said Carrie Eleazer , spokeswoman for the Polk County Sheriff 's Office , and Sandra Thomas was released on bail Wednesday afternoon . The two are scheduled to make an initial court appearance Thursday . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Couple arrested in central Florida on anabolic steroid possession charges Claim they sold steroids to professional athletes in District of Columbia , sheriff says Richard Thomas says he sold steroids to pro baseball , hockey players , sheriff says
Have no fear , Vladimir Putin is here . That seems to be the message in an epic promo released ahead of the Russian president 's annual news conference as the country 's economy plummets . The promotion , released by a state-owned Russian channel , has the feel of a movie trailer , showing scenes of tanks , crying children and plenty of Putin . He declares in a particularly memorable sound bite : "  The bear never asks permission . " That seems to be a problem these days in Russia -- it 's a bear , not a bull market . Putin who has held power for 15 years , is expected to address the economic problems vexing Russia as falling oil prices , a diving ruble and Western sanctions have crippled the country 's economy . Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe , and finds itself more isolated than at any other point in the last 25 years -- due to its actions over Ukraine . Russia 's slide toward economic crisis and why it matters Worried that their currency is now worth less , Russians have been exchanging rubles for dollars and stocking up on imported goods . And Russian banks and companies have lost access to Western sources of finance because of sanctions imposed over Ukraine , but still have foreign debts to pay . Yet in the lead up to Putin 's press conference , Russia Channel 1 's glossy promo does n't touch on any of the financial woes facing the world 's ninth largest economy . The promotion shows scenes of war and triumph at this year 's Winter Olympics in Sochi as the narrator intones in a baritone about "  a year of tough decisions " and "  long-awaited victories . " "  How it turned out for Russia and its president , he will tell himself . " A defiant Putin proclaims , "  Russia has never changed its orientation . " Putin still enjoys approval ratings in the high 80s . His popularity surged as Russia backed separatists in east Ukraine and annexed Crimea earlier this year . Could economic turmoil lead to Putin 's downfall ?	Russian state-owned channel releases a promotion for President Putin 's news conference Putin is expected to address the economic woes hitting Russia Moscow is trying to prevent a currency crisis turning into an economic catastrophe
CNN  Japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 , joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth 's satellite . The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  , divulged the plan to an expert panel , including members of the cabinet and the Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology Ministry on Monday . "  This is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved , " a JAXA spokesperson told reporters . If it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe -- the acronym stands for "  Smart Lander for Investigating Moon " -- on the surface of the celestial body . Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥ 10 billion to ¥ 15 billion  $ 83.4 million - $ 125 million  . JAXA spokesperson Chihito Onda confirmed to CNN that this estimate is realistic . The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies , which could be utilized in future , manned expeditions to the moon , or even Mars . The lander will use face recognition software found in digital cameras , which will be repurposed to enable the craft to recognize craters on the surface , Onda said . The move could be seen as Japan 's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India , which have both notched significant extraterrestrial victories in recent years -- China 's Yutu lunar rover outlasted expectations and India successfully put a probe into orbit around Mars the first time of asking . In 2008 Japan put its SELENE craft -- known in Japan as Kaguya , after a Japanese moon princess from a 10th century folk tale -- into orbit around the moon to gather data about its surface . The data gathered by the orbiter will also be used to calculate a suitable landing site for the rover . JAXA has also put a probe on an asteroid , which returned to Earth in 2010 . Along with China , the United States and the former Soviet Union are the only other nations to have so far landed craft on the surface of the moon . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 The mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions
CNN  -- He might have walked alone in a crowd of 15,000 fans , but for one Italian soccer fan that lonely experience has resulted in internet stardom . The unusual story of Arrigo Brovedani , who was the only Udinese supporter to turn up to the club 's top-level away game earlier this week , has swept around the world . "  I feel a little overwhelmed , I do n't think I deserve all this attention ! " the 37-year-old told CNN on Thursday . Brovedani has had a memorable few days . He went to Sampdoria 's stadium in Genoa on Monday evening expecting few fellow Udinese fans -- but he did n't expect to be the only one . A wine seller , he had been in the city on business , having started the four-hour drive from the northeastern city of Udine that morning . "  When I travel to away matches , there 's about 200 or 80 of us but on Monday , because of the time of the game and the location I thought I would n't find more than five or six people there , " he said . "  When I got there I found out I was the only one . I understand that it 's cold now , it 's a long drive plus , the economic crisis does n't help , so people are not moving en masse as you would expect . I was lucky because I 'm used to traveling and just happened to be in the area . " The stewards at Stadio Luigi Ferraris gave him the option of sitting in the main stand , but Brovedani chose the deserted away end . Liverpool squeeze into Europe League knockout stages "  The home fans started booing , shouting and insulting ... the usual , " he said . "  But when I saw that the Udinese players were warming up I shouted out to them saying , ` Guys , I 'm all alone here . Alone ! You can hear me now but you wo n't be able to hear me once the game starts ! ' "  When the home fans eventually understood what was happening , they gave me a huge round of applause . They were cheering even though Sampdoria lost the game in the end . They were actually really nice -- they offered me food and coffee and the club manager gave me a shirt , which was nice . " Brovedani has since been swamped with media requests as the popularity of his story grew . He said he has been invited to a Premier League game in England by broadcaster the BBC , Udinese officials have asked him to come to the club 's next home match and Italian TV stations "  keep calling me . " "  I do n't think it 's that big a story -- there are so many keen fans that really never miss a game , so I 'm sure I 'm not the first one ! " he said . Udinese , which last season finished third in Serie A to qualify for the preliminary rounds of Europe 's top club competition this term , has an average home attendance of 18,000 . Monday 's 2-0 win at Sampdoria lifted the team into the top half of the table , with captain Antonio Di Natale among the scorers . He personifies the fierce loyalty the club inspires , refusing lucrative offers to join bigger sides . Brovedani , meanwhile , is happy to support anything from his home region . "  I 'm not a representative of the Udinese fan club , I 'm just passionate about all things that my region has to offer -- from sports to food and everything inbetween , " said Brovedani , who hails from the town of Spilimbergo . "  I 've been a Udinese fan for years , since I was a little boy . Udinese represents my region : if you come from Friuli , you have to be a Udinese fan . "  I always carry a flag and my scarf with me in the car . Whenever there is a sporting event that involves people from my region I just go along , because I 'm very proud of my origins . " The supporters of English club Liverpool traditionally sing the anthem "  You 'll never walk alone " -- and from now on it can apply to at least one Italian fan . A new ` dark age ' for English football ?	Story of Italian soccer club 's lone supporter sweeps the internet Arrigo Brovedani was outnumbered by 15,000 Sampdoria fans on Monday The 37-year-old says he did n't expect to be the only Udinese fan present He says he has been besieged by media requests , including an invite to England
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Eight years ago , Leanne Rowe was in a serious car crash that resulted in a broken back and jaw . But when the former bus driver and Australian Army Reserve member recovered , she was left with something completely unexpected : a French accent . Rowe , who is now unable to speak with her original Aussie accent , said she has become a "  recluse , " and often has her daughter speak for her in public . "  I am not French , " Rowe told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  on Sunday . "  It makes me so angry because I am Australian . " How can this occur ? Foreign accent syndrome is an extremely rare condition in which brain injuries change a person 's speech patterns , giving them a different accent . The first known case was reported in 1941 , when a Norwegian woman suffered shrapnel injuries to the brain during a German bombing run -- and started speaking with a German accent . Since then there have been only a few dozen reported cases . "  It 's an impairment of motor control , " said Dr. Karen Croot , one of the few experts in foreign accent syndrome . "  Speech is one of the most complicated things we do , and there are a lot of brain centers involved in coordinating a lot of moving parts . If one or more of them are damaged , that can affect the timing , melody and tension of their speech . "  In a sense it 's not a communication impairment -- a person can make themselves understood perfectly well . " But foreign accent syndrome can be psychologically difficult for sufferers . "  There can be a lack of understanding of how difficult it can be for the person with the acquired accent , " said Croot . "  There 's sort of a response of , ` get rid of the accent , stop putting it on , go back . ' If you think about your own accent , it 's a part of your identity . Changing your accent projects a different identity . " Severe migraine gives British woman Chinese accent In 2010 , Sarah Colwill , a 35-year-old British woman , began speaking with what sounded like a Chinese accent after suffering a serious migraine . "  To think I am stuck with this Chinese accent is getting me down , " she said . "  My voice has started to annoy me now . It is not my voice . " Yet other patients do n't mind as much . "  One of the ladies I worked with was an English speaker who started sounding Irish . She reported feeling positive about it . For her it was sort of an interesting new persona . " Other patients eventually see their speech return to normal . "  I worked on a case of an Australian who was in a car accident , and consequently had an American accent . That accent went away about 5 months later , " said Croot . According to Croot , sufferers may try to regain their former accents by doing exercises . "  They need to practice repositioning their mouth , just as they would practice a tennis serve . It 's motor skill practice . " Treatments used for similar motor speech disorders , apraxia of speech and dysarthria , have also been deployed for patients of foreign accent syndrome in the last few years with "  positive " results . Rowe , however , has decided to stop trying to "  hold in " her accent . "  For me , it was not healthy , " she said . "  It has affected her life greatly , " her daughter explained . "  People see the funny side of it , and think it 's really interesting ... but I 've seen the impacts on mum 's life . "	Car crash eight years ago left Aussie woman speaking with a French accent Foreign accent syndrome is extremely rare ; only a few dozen known cases worldwide Researchers say condition is caused by damage to brain 's motor functions Therapy , new treatments may help patients ' accents return to normal
CNN  Here 's the hard reality about illegal immigration : Politicians can change policies . Judges can issue decisions . But the issue will not go away until Americans change their behavior . Trial lawyers have a favorite saying : "  When you have the facts on your side , you pound the facts into the table . When you have the law on your side , you pound the law into the table . When neither the facts nor the law are on your side , you pound the table ! " In November , when President Obama announced that he would take executive actions to re-prioritize the enforcement of immigration laws so that some illegal immigrants could obtain a three-year delay in their deportation proceedings and a temporary work permit , critics had neither the facts nor the law on their side . So they pounded the table . Republican lawmakers and conservative commentators charged that Obama was pushing an "  unlawful amnesty " that threatened the republic . Yet most of the law professors and legal experts who weighed in , even the conservatives , acknowledged that Obama was acting within the power of the presidency . Critics did n't seem to have a legal leg to stand on . That is , until this week . In Texas , a federal judge temporarily blocked Obama 's executive action and cleared the way for a lawsuit against the administration brought by that state and 25 others . U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen , a George W. Bush appointee with a history of taking conservative positions on immigration issues , bought the plaintiffs ' argument that Obama 's executive actions would unfairly result in "  direct damages " to the states . Hanen claimed that Obama 's executive action could result in "  bestowing multiple and otherwise unobtainable benefits " on those illegal immigrants who qualify for deferred action . This would include the undocumented parents of U.S.-born children . Yet , most so-called "  benefits " -- driver 's licenses , college aid , medical care -- come not from the federal government but from the states , and at their discretion . In all , Hanen 's ruling went on for 123 pages . Still , he ducked the central question : whether the President had exceeded the authority granted to the office under the Constitution . Instead , the judge ruled that the administration had not complied with the Administrative Procedure Act , which calls for a longer notification and comment period from lawmakers and the public before taking action . Imagine if there had been a comment period before acting in the war on terror . Buildings would be smoldering , and we 'd still be talking . The White House -- while saying that it would abide by the judge 's ruling -- also reiterated that the President was "  well within his legal authority " to set enforcement priorities . The Justice Department intends to appeal the decision . This case could end up before the Supreme Court , where most of the justices have smiled on expanding executive power . The coalition of states that brought the lawsuit -- which is led by Texas -- includes Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Utah , West Virginia and Wisconsin . It figures that , when there 's a mess , Texas will be in the middle of it . I lived there for five years -- about a decade ago -- while writing for the Dallas Morning News . And I smell hypocrisy . During my time in the Lone Star State , I often heard people complain about illegal immigrants . But I never heard them say a word about the employers who hire them to do jobs that Texans wo n't do such as tarring roofs in 100-degree weather or cleaning windows on skyscrapers . The folks doing the hiring are always the root of the problem , but -- in a red state like Texas -- you ca n't get Republicans to say that . It 's safer for politicians to pick on people who do n't vote than to risk antagonizing those who not only vote but also contribute money to campaigns . The states that brought this lawsuit are worried that , if Obama allows some illegal immigrants to remain in this country for three years , they 'll have to pick up the tab for providing services . Where was this concern over the many years that these states were standing on the positive side of the ledger by benefiting from illegal immigrant labor -- so much so that they turned a blind eye to the employers and businesses using it ? How did these 26 states wind up with so many illegal immigrants ? The undocumented did n't go there for the scenery . They went because someone was waiting there to offer them a job . We never talk about that , or do anything about it . And so , no matter what courts decide or politicians decree , the problem of illegal immigration will never go away . That 's the truth that needs to be pounded into the table .	Judge blocks implementation of Obama 's immigration executive actions Navarette : States that are suing to stop the changes helped create the problem
CNN  The New York Police Department faced a newly pressing question in recent weeks : What constitutes an online "  threat " ? Police reviewed hundreds of online postings -- and made several arrests -- over alleged anti-cop threats made in the wake of the killing of two officers last month . It used to be a lot easier to define threats . It 's not that our dialogue has evolved much . It has n't . Art and music have always spoken about violence in the most graphic terms , whether it 's in rap lyrics or Guns N ' Roses songs . Kids have consumed violent art and speech since long before Hansel and Gretel baked a witch in an oven , or Beowulf hacked his way through Southern Scandinavia . The difference today is the delivery system : the Internet and social media . Suppose , after the recent NYPD threats , I posted that I planned to "  swarm on any m. . . in a blue uniform , " meaning specifically the "  punk police . " Suppose I promise that "  when I finish , it is going to be a bloodbath of cops dyin . ' " Scary right ? If I tweeted that today , I might expect police at my door . In 1988 , though , there was no Twitter ... or e-mail ... or "  online , " come to think of it , when the rap group NWA came out with its  famous  "  F *** Tha Police , " containing those very lyrics . People then were offended , of course . But songs on an album just do n't seem to contain the same direct threat potential of social media today . There was something very nonspecific about threatening language contained on a commercially mass-produced cassette tape . And when a megastar like Axl Rose sang in 1988 that he had to kill a woman for complaining too much , and bury her in his backyard , millions heard those lyrics . That 's a much bigger audience than the 13 followers reading some guy 's rabid musings on Twitter . So , threatening speech online is not about how viral or far-reaching it is . Our society is not as interested in protecting social media rants as it is in protecting artists because -- whether the courts say it or not -- we really do n't feel as good about protecting dummies . We will vigorously protect the free speech of legitimate artists , even if we find their work repulsive . Instinctively , however , we draw the line at people whose only creative accomplishments consist of , say , a bitter child custody dispute and access to a Wi-Fi signal . It seems that if some shmendrik wants to rant on the Internet , he should be able to point to a scintilla of an actual music career to defend his or her language by claiming it is like "  lyrics . " That analysis dovetails nicely with the issues before the Supreme Court in a case called Elonis v. United States . In Elonis , an "  aspiring rapper " used violent language on Facebook to rant about his wife , an elementary school and an FBI agent . Under the First Amendment , the court must decide whether a "  threat " requires proof of the defendant 's actual intent to threaten , or if it is enough to show that a "  reasonable person " would regard the statement as threatening . If the court ultimately requires proof of actual intent , that test would be a higher burden , and more favorable to defendants . But even under the "  reasonable person " standard favored by prosecutors , the hearer of the words must understand them as a threat . Maybe this is why social media has more threat potential , and it 's not because it can reach many persons : Social media is more threatening for its potential to reach one specific person -- but be overheard by many others . Maybe that 's the key . In that sense , social media threats are less like a musical performance , and more like a menacing phone call placed on speakerphone for others to hear , or a call surreptitiously recorded by your Russian girlfriend  as with Mel Gibson  . Social media postings are  generally  not for profit , and they are authored by the speaker alone . In that sense they feel more like the unfiltered statements of present intent . As protective as we should be of free speech in art , maybe it 's time to draw the line at social media . Then again , I 'm biased in a way that perhaps the justices are not . I 'm on social media , and the tweets directed at me from time to time are , let 's say , pretty threatening and too profane to reprint here . Maybe the justices would be less inclined to equate the lyrics of Eminem  as Justice John Roberts recently did  with the poetic musings of frighteningly abusive tweeters if they had more personal experience with social media . The NYPD confronts a similar problem . How is it to know the difference between a true threat , the work of an artist , or some troll sounding off online ? The Supreme Court may contain the brightest minds of our time , but compared with your average 14-year-old , they are Luddites . I 've never seen a hashtag in a Supreme Court opinion , and I seriously doubt the justices spend a lot of time on Instagram . Tasked as they are with defining threats on social media , will their reasoned opinion reflect a current understanding of how people communicate -- or threaten -- online ? Even if they do , by then the kids will be onto the next thing anyway	Danny Cevallos : Arrests over tweets threatening NYPD raise issue of when speech is threat He says Supreme Court to weigh in soon . Maybe it 's time to draw threat line at social media
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria imposed a 24-hour curfew Saturday in the northern city of Kano after assailants killed scores of people and wounded others in a hail of gunfire and coordinated bombings of eight government sites . A military official told CNN that at least 156 people were dead and feared the number would rise . "  The hospitals are not equipped to deal with the influx and severity of the injuries , so we are expecting that figure to go up further , " the official said . Nwankpa Nwankpa , a Red Cross information officer in the capital , Abuja , said 50 people were injured in the attacks . He said that search and rescue operations are underway and volunteers are working to assist those hurt . The attacks targeted several police stations , barracks and the building housing the assistant inspector general of police in Kano , Nigeria 's second largest city . A passport office , state security headquarters and the immigration office were also hit , police said . Are you there ? Share your story Terrified residents barricaded themselves in their homes , said Rev. Murtala Mati of the Christian Association of Nigeria . "  The government is really trying but we are afraid ... we are all scared , " he said . During the attack , assailants entered a police station , freed detainees and bombed it , authorities said . They later canvassed the area in a car led by motorcycles , spraying targets with gunfire . Islamist group Boko Haram claimed responsibility for the blast in a phone call to the Daily Trust , according to journalists at the newspaper . Nigeria closed its borders Saturday with Cameroon and Niger , whom it has accused of allowing the militants to move freely into Nigeria . The government has put in place a state of emergency , and a large deployment of troops has been sent to the north of the country . African Union commission chairman Jean Ping condemned "  in the strongest terms " the attacks Saturday , and expressed his condolences to the families of those killed and his concern for the many people who were injured . The AU rejects terrorism in all its forms , the statement said , and gives Nigeria its full backing in its efforts to end terror attacks . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is "  appalled at the frequency and intensity of recent attacks in Nigeria , which demonstrate a wanton and unacceptable disregard for human life , " his office said Saturday in a statement . "  In voicing solidarity with the government and people of Nigeria , the secretary-general also expresses his hope for swift and transparent investigations into these incidents that lead to bringing the perpetrators to justice , " the statement added . In December , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in four northern states . The declaration followed a series of Christmas Day attacks on Christian churches blamed on the Boko Haram group . The man suspected of masterminding those attacks , named Kabiru Sokoto , was briefly captured this week before escaping police custody while being transferred to another prison . Several police officers and the local commissioner are under investigation over his escape . A 50 million naira  $ 307,000  reward was also offered by police Thursday for any information leading to Sokoto 's re-arrest . Northern Nigeria has been wracked by religious violence in recent weeks , including a spate of attacks in early January that killed at least 25 Christians . Boko Haram has been blamed for months of widespread bloodshed , with churches and police stations among the targets . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon is "  appalled at the frequency and intensity " of recent attacks A military official tells CNN that at least 156 people were killed Nigeria closes its borders with Niger and Cameroon and imposes a state of emergency The Islamist militant group Boko Haram claims responsibility
CNN  -- The deal ending the shutdown may not have put a dent in Obamacare , but the battle over implementing the health coverage law is not over . CNN Fact Check : Obamacare One venue that Republicans are turning to for leverage , starting next week : oversight hearings , beginning with some tough questions about why the rollout of the website for enrolling in health care exchanges is having so many problems . "  The American people deserve to know what caused this mess , " said Rep. Fred Upton , R-Michigan , chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . "  Delays and technical failures have reached epidemic proportions . " Obama : Website glitches unacceptable Upton has already asked officials from the Department of Health and Human Services to brief his committee on the problems at a hearing scheduled for next Thursday . He also is asking them to turn over records of their communications with website contractors about the preparations for the site 's launch , and the problems people have had trying to use it . Logging into Healthcare.gov tough for some early registrants Additionally , the chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , Rep. Darrell Issa , last week wrote to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius demanding information about the rollout problems . Joining him was Sen. Lamar Alexander , ranking Republican on the Senate committee on health , education , labor and pensions . HHS official : Sebelius not available to testify Thursday One issue has been the ability to log in to healthcare.gov . A senior administration official told CNN some users , especially those who signed up "  early on , " have been having trouble logging in , but the administration is working on a fix . There also was conflicting word on whether some passwords were deleted if they were created in the first week or so after the launch . Sebelius concedes there have been implementation difficulties . "  I 'll be the first to tell you that the website launch was rockier than we would have liked , " she told an audience in Cincinnati on Wednesday , during her tour to promote Obamacare . But , she told CNN affiliate WLWT , "  There are constant improvements under way , so that we are getting people in much more quickly . " Nevertheless , a couple of Republicans have called on Sebelius to resign . "  Enough is enough , " said Sen. Pat Roberts , who has called for her to step down in spite of being a longtime friend of her family . "  Secretary Sebelius has had three and a half years to launch Obamacare , and she has failed . " Rep. John Fleming of Louisiana tells CNN he is working to collect signatures calling for Sebelius to leave . White House spokesman Jay Carney pushed back on Tuesday . "  The secretary does have the full confidence of the president , " he told reporters . And when he was asked Thursday who would be held accountable for the problems with the website , Carney replied , "  The people who are responsible for making it work are hard at work , fixing the problems that need to be fixed . " He focused instead on the benefits the uninsured Americans are now entitled to . "  The result will be millions of Americans who have insurance who did not have it before . That 's the goal . And the goal is not about the website . The goal is that the American people who have been shut out of affordable health care options in the past have those options available to them . " But former White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , while not naming names , said of the website on MSNBC , "  when they get it fixed , I hope they fire some people that were in charge . " Gibbs : Fire those who botched website Public attention may have been focused more on the shutdown fight this month than the problems with enrolling in the exchanges . But with the shutdown ended , part of the emerging Republican message is that the problems with the Obamacare website reflect broader problems with the law overall . "  I think this is emblematic of how problematic this is going to be in the future , " said Fleming . At a minimum , the implementation of the individual mandate , requiring people to get health care , should be delayed , he said . But a spokeswoman for Sebelius said the online enrollment process is proceeding . "  While traffic is down somewhat from its peak on day one , it remains high as Americans continue to seek to learn more about their new coverage options , " said spokeswoman Joanne Peters . How many have signed up for health care ? Well , it depends	Republicans point out problems with healthcare.gov Some want HHS secretary to step down over rollout White House says technical problems are being fixed It says real story is all Americans can get insurance
Washington  CNN  -- New documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union show "  unjustified homicide " of detainees and concerns about the condition of confinement in U.S.-run prisons in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay , according to the ACLU . Thousands of documents detailing the deaths of 190 U.S. detainees were released by the ACLU on Friday . The U.S. military gave the ACLU the documents earlier in the week as a result of a Freedom of Information Act  FOIA  lawsuit filed by the rights group . Among the documents are autopsy reports and military investigations , including 25 to 30 cases the ACLU says it believes are "  unjustified homicide . " Some of the homicides in the documents are widely known and have been reported in the media , such as the case of four Iraqi detainees executed by a group of U.S. soldiers and then pushed into a Baghdad canal in 2007 . Others are thought by the ACLU to be new . In one such case , a detainee was killed by an unnamed sergeant who walked into a room where the detainee was lying wounded "  and assaulted him ... then shot him twice thus killing him , " one of the investigating documents says . The sergeant than instructed the other soldiers present to lie about the incident . Later , the document says an unnamed corporal then shot the deceased detainee in the head after finding his corpse . In another example , documents note a soldier "  committed the offense of murder when he shot and killed an unarmed Afghan male . " But , according to the ACLU , the individual was found not guilty of murder by general court-martial . "  So far , the documents released by the government raise more questions than they answer , but they do confirm one troubling fact : that no senior officials have been held to account for the widespread abuse of detainees . Without real accountability for these abuses , we risk inviting more abuse in the future , " the ACLU said in a statement . The Defense Department disputes the allegations , saying it takes detainee treatment seriously . "  DoD policy requires the immediate reporting of detainee deaths to appropriate DoD criminal investigative agencies regardless of the circumstances at the time of death , " said Pentagon spokeswoman , Lt. Col. Tanya Bradsher . "  Indeed , the fact that so many autopsies and investigative reports exist indicates the seriousness with which the Department takes its responsibilities regarding detainee treatment and accountability . " Of the investigations in the documents , 43 had U.S. soldiers or personnel as potential suspects , according to Lt. Col. David H. Patterson , an Army spokesman . Probable cause for murder was found in 13 of those investigations , resulting in 19 separate convictions , Patterson said , many of which carried significant sentences , with some soldiers receiving 20 years or more . "  It 's important to remember that the majority of these detainee deaths were due to reasons not directly involving U.S. personnel . For example , a number were the result of detainee-on-detainee violence , " Patterson said . "  Although there have been cases of individuals involved in misconduct , there is no evidence of systematic abuse by the United States military , " said Bradsher . "  The  Defense  Department has detained more than 100,000 individuals in Iraq and Afghanistan , many with pre-existing medical conditions or battlefield wounds . Detainees in DoD custody have died from a number of causes including enemy attacks , detainee-on-detainee violence , battlefield injuries , and natural causes . " One concern noted by the ACLU is the amount of deaths that involved cardiac problems : over 25 % . The group says it is looking into this finding . "  This could potentially raise serious questions about the conditions of confinement or interrogation of the detainees , " the ACLU said . The ACLU obtained the 2,624 pages of documents through a Freedom of Information Act request filed with the government in 2009 . The package included about 124 autopsy and 133 investigation reports .	Documents show "  unjustified homicide " of detainees , ACLU says The documents were released to the rights group by the U.S. military The Defense Department says it takes detainee treatment seriously
Edward Snowden 's father expressed satisfaction Wednesday with the way his son , the former National Security Agency contractor , has been treated since being granted asylum in August . Lon Snowden spoke to reporters at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport as he prepared to return to the United States after a six-day visit , his first reunion with his son since April . "  I felt that this is the best place for him , this is the place where he does n't have to worry about people rushing across the border to render him , " Lon Snowden said . "  It 's not going to happen here . " It may not be his last visit , since his son -- charged in the United States for revealing a massive government surveillance campaign -- may wind up remaining in Russia for years . "  My feeling is that , unless the attitude within our government changes dramatically -- and that at a minimum is going to require a change of administration and that 's going to be in several years -- that Russia is the place for him to be at the current time . " NSA leaker Edward Snowden deserves a Nobel Prize , his father says Though Russia granted Edward Snowden a one-year asylum , "  that could easily be extended , " said his father , who described Moscow as modern and sophisticated . "  I could be comfortable living the rest of my life here ; I 'm certain that he could . " The elder Snowden , who arrived October 10 in Moscow , said the two visited several times . "  He is comfortable , he is independent , he is happy -- which is important to me -- and he is absolutely committed to the decision that he made . " Lon Snowden said his son told him he had had no contact with Russian security or intelligence . He added that he did not know where his son was living . "  I do n't have an idea . " Edward Snowden , a 30-year-old former government IT contractor , collected information on spy programs -- in which the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- and exposed the program to the media . Anticipating legal consequences , he fled to Hong Kong in late May and flew on June 23 to Moscow , where he holed up at the airport for more than five weeks . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . After Russia granted him asylum on August 1 , he left the airport . Snowden 's father : ' I know my son . I know he loves his country . ' Lon Snowden described his son as healthy and happy , with "  a very substantial " international support network . He accused the news media of mischaracterizing what his son did . "  So many people are so determined in the media to continue to refer to him as a leaker , " Lon Snowden said . "  In fact , he 's a whistle-blower , by definition . " He said attempts have been made to demonize his son , but defended him . "  He is someone who shared the truth ; he has enraged many politicians . Not only has he enraged them , he has put their political careers at risk , as they should be . People who were in positions of responsibility , of oversight . " The reunion came after times when Lon Snowden said he had not expected to see his son ever again . "  I hugged him ; it was , ' I love you son , ' ' I love you , Dad . ' But we hugged a little longer , a little harder , and it was certainly -- it was an important moment . " Book deals have been dangled that could make his son a rich man , but "  that is not what Edward Snowden wants to do , " his father said . Though Edward Snowden revealed the surveillance with the assumption that he would accept the consequences , that does not mean he regrets having fled the United States , nor does it mean he plans to return to face charges there , Lon Snowden said . "  That is absolutely absurd , " he said . "  Nobody questions the decision that he has made , because he would be locked in a dark hole at this point , which certain people would love . "	"  This is the best place for him , " Lon Snowden says of his son , Edward Russia 's asylum could be easily extended , father says Feds have charged Edward Snowden with espionage , theft of government property
Grenoble , France  CNN  -- Former Formula 1 driver Michael Schumacher , who suffered a serious head injury in a skiing accident , is showing a "  slight improvement " in his condition , doctors in France said Tuesday . On Monday night , doctors carried out a surgical intervention on Schumacher that allowed for some pressure to be relieved on his brain in a way that was "  gradual and effective , " said Jean-Francois Payen , head of anesthesiology at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble . The surgery , which took about two hours , involved the removal of a large hematoma , he said . Schumacher remains in a medically induced coma . "  The situation is better under control than yesterday , " Payen told reporters . "  We can not say that he is out of danger , but we 've gained a little time in his development . But the hours to come are hours that are crucial in our strategy . " The surgery came after a scan showed a surprising improvement in Schumacher 's condition Monday afternoon , Payen said . After consulting with the driver 's family , Schumacher 's doctors decided to seize the "  window of opportunity " and operate , he said . But Payen warned that it was too soon to speculate on Schumacher 's prognosis . "  There is still a long way to go , " he said . The driver is still in too fragile a state to be moved to another hospital . Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history , suffered severe head trauma after falling while skiing Sunday in Meribel , in the French Alps . ` Catapulted onto his head ' His manager , Sabine Kehm , recounted more details Tuesday of how the accident happened , gleaned from friends and family members who were present at the time . The party was skiing in an area of deep snow when Schumacher helped a friend who had fallen , she said . As he set off again and went to make a turn , he seems to have hit a rock hidden under the snow . This catapulted him into the air and he fell head down with all his weight onto another rock , she said , resulting in severe injuries to his head . Schumacher was not traveling fast at the time , Kehm said , so those with him were initially shocked by how badly he was hurt . "  It 's not a question of speed but of the angle that you hit the rock , " she said . Kehm also cautioned against reading too much into the doctors ' latest report . "  They made it very clear that they are not optimistic , that ... there was a slight improvement compared to the situation yesterday , which does n't mean we can be optimistic yet , " she said . "  It 's much too early to say . " Kehm declined to comment on the emotional state of Schumacher 's family . But she said "  heartwarming " messages of support have come flooding in via e-mails , text messages and letters from people around the world . In a statement released Tuesday , Schumacher 's family expressed thanks for the outpouring . "  They are giving us great support . We all know he is a fighter and will not give up , " the statement said . Kehm said a journalist tried to sneak into Schumacher 's hospital room disguised as a priest . World titles The accident happened while Schumacher was off-piste -- meaning he was on unmarked slopes -- in the mountains between Georges Bauduis Piste and La Biche Piste , resort director Christophe Gernignon-Lecomte said . The driver was wearing a helmet at the time . Schumacher , who turns 45 Friday , won a record seven world titles in his spectacular Formula 1 career and "  also holds nearly every scoring record in the book by a considerable margin , " according to the motorsport 's official website . He dominated the competition for the best part of a decade , winning five world championships in a row between 2000 and 2004 . He retired for the first time at the end of the 2006 championship . He returned to the Formula 1 track with the revived Mercedes team in 2010 but struggled to repeat his earlier glories . His best finish was third place at last year 's European Grand Prix in Valencia , his only podium position in three seasons with the German manufacturer . He retired from the sport for a second time in 2012 . Schumacher suffered a serious injury once during his career in the high-speed sport , breaking his leg in a crash at the British Grand Prix in 1999 . . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Saskya Vandoorne reported from Grenoble . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Gary Morley contributed to this report .	Manager : Schumacher hit a rock and was catapulted into the air , landed on his head Schumacher is showing a slight improvement but is not out of danger , doctor says The former Formula 1 driver had surgery Monday night to relieve pressure on his brain Schumacher suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident in the French Alps
CNN  -- Zilda Arns Neumann , a Brazilian doctor and care worker dedicated to helping the people of Haiti , was among those who died in Tuesday 's devastating earthquake . She was 75 . Brazilians were shocked at the loss of Arns , who founded a well-known charity in Haiti called Children 's Pastoral . It specialized in providing education and aid to children , pregnant women , and families . The Nobel Peace Prize nominee was back in the country attending a religion conference and teaching classes to motivate leaders and volunteers of her organization , according to a statement on the Children 's Pastoral Web site . For her work in Haiti , Arns earned comparisons to India 's Mother Teresa , according to local media . Her nephew , Brazilian Sen. Flavio Arns , told the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency that her death came after she finished a speech at a church . As people were leaving , she stayed behind to speak with the pastor and was inside when the structure collapsed , he said . "  The Arns family hopes that this awakening of international solidarity will continue beyond the tragedy imposed by nature , always in defense of full dignity to people , " Flavio Arns said . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is among dignitaries who will attend Arns ' wake Friday in Brazil , according to the Children 's Pastoral Web site . As of Thursday afternoon , Brazilian authorities had confirmed 15 Brazilians killed in the quake .	Brazilian doctor founded Haitian charity dedicated to helping women and children Nobel nominee was attending religion conference , teaching classes She was killed when church collapsed after she gave speech
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely on current events . Julian E. Zelizer says Democrats should be questioning themselves on several key points . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- This week , Jews will conclude the eight-day celebration of Passover , a holiday that has often found its way into the political realm . Civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. frequently invoked the story of the liberation of the Jewish people from the Egyptians in his struggle against white oppression . President Obama made headlines last week when he hosted a Passover Seder in the White House . Today , Democrats can draw an important lesson from Passover , this time not so much from the story that is retold during the holiday but through the rituals that are the focus of the week . Last Wednesday and Thursday evenings , Jews gathered with families , friends and other groups to have a Seder . These meals are not just about eating and talking , but also about learning and debating the stories of the holiday contained in a book called the Haggadah . There is no right answer to many of the questions that are raised , and discussions change over time as the life experiences of the participants bring new perspectives to the table . The highlight of the Seder is when the youngest child asks the Four Questions , asking the adults what makes these nights different from the others and then offering some possible answers . Politicians could learn a lot from the Seder , particularly when one party controls both the executive and the legislative branch , and the temptation is to act in lock-step . Republicans did not have enough moments of questioning and reflection between 2002 and 2006 , which many observers agree was not just damaging to the country but to the party as well . While there was strong private , internal disagreement among Republicans over how to conduct the war on terror , over whether the war in Iraq was a wise move and over the basic contours of economic policy , most Republicans stayed silent in public . Even when they gathered in the private corridors of the White House , according to memoirs that have been published by former officials such as Scott McClellan , Republicans tended to remain deferential to President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney . Historically , vigorous internal party debate has had the ability to strengthen a party politically . The fight that took place between Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford in the 1976 Republican primaries , where Reagan pushed President Ford to be more responsive to the growing conservative movement and avoid making all his decisions from inside the beltway , created a GOP that in the 1980s was a formidable political force . Bill Clinton 's insistence that Democrats needed to rethink some of their conventional wisdom from the New Deal and Great Society periods , with his preference being to move toward the center , opened up a healthy debate about what Democrats should stand for that helped result in Barack Obama 's victory in 2008 . Thus far , Democrats have been more comfortable openly criticizing each other . Princeton economist Paul Krugman has emerged as the leading liberal critic of the administration by arguing that President Obama is not spending enough to stimulate the economy and that his financial bailout plan will only provide Band-Aid solutions that place all the risk on taxpayers . But Democrats will feel less comfortable having internal debates as the elections of 2010 and 2012 get closer , as the pressures of re-election intensify and as Republicans become more aggressive and more coherent in their attacks . To get the conversation started , it would be worth thinking about the four questions that Democrats should keep asking when they get together in the next few years . The first is : What are the issues on which Democrats are willing to compromise with Republicans , if any ? The compromises will not be easy given that Republicans have refused to endorse Democratic proposals in the first few months of Obama 's presidency . However , if the popularity of the GOP continues to erode and Obama 's stays strong , there might be an opportunity for the president to act . Compromises means giving something up , so Democrats will have to talk among themselves about what that might be . The second question is : Where are Democrats willing to renege on campaign promises ? Since November , Democrats have already backed off some very big promises . Though Obama ran as a candidate who promised to change the way that government worked , government reform has quickly dropped off the agenda . Nor has the White House been fully compliant with its promise to end the secrecy practiced by the Bush administration . It is natural that a party wo n't be able to do everything it said in a campaign , but Democrats need to think about which issues they are willing to let go and which they are determined to fulfill . The third question is : What is the foreign policy agenda of the current administration ? This has been the murkiest part of the First 100 Days . When Barack Obama ran for president , it was clear what kind of foreign policy he opposed . His campaign took aim at the unilateralism , militarism and pre-emptive strategy of the Bush administration . Yet it is easier to be against something than for something . Now the burden is on President Obama to define what he will be about in the next four years and what he hopes to pursue . This agenda will be dynamic and unfold as international crises occur . But Democrats need to keep coming back to the questions and keep forcing the president to articulate what his goals are in this arena . The final question is : What are the policy priorities of the Democratic Party ? This is always one of the most difficult questions for any party given that events move politics in unexpected directions . This White House has naturally been consumed by the economic freefall and the effort to stabilize economic conditions . With his budget , Obama has highlighted two priorities from the campaign -- health care and the environment , though some will get traded away in upcoming negotiations . Another issue that the White House may make a priority is immigration reform . Whereas the campaign established a certain framework for thinking about priorities , that framework fades as the election moves farther away . Democrats must keep getting together , asking their own version of the four questions and insisting on internal debates . Although the discussions can become uncomfortable  as most Jews will recall from their Seders  , this is a formula for making the strongest party possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Passover Seders involve four questions asked by youngest He says Democrats should be asking themselves four key questions Zelizer : Are they willing to compromise on their objectives to win GOP support ? He asks what priorities will take precedence for the Democrats
CNN  It looks like the Republicans in Congress have failed again . House Republicans defeated a plan pushed by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to fund the Department of Homeland Security , money that congressional Republicans have been holding hostage in their effort to overturn President Obama 's executive order on immigration . McConnell proposed that there would be a separate vote on the immigration issue . When Speaker John Boehner proposed an even narrower compromise , funding the Department for only three more weeks , his caucus said no . The final bill provides funding for one more week , at which point Congress needs to take up the issue again . Yet from a different perspective , congressional Republicans are achieving their goal . Once again they are using up a valuable chunk of President Obama 's political time . Congress has already squandered several months rather than addressing bigger questions , such as economic inequality or climate change , which the White House hoped to put at the center of political debate even if the Republicans refused to do anything about these problems . While the odds of the president making progress on key issues is extremely slim , President Obama has not even had a chance to introduce issues fully into public debate -- a key function of presidents who hope to build the groundwork for future legislative breakthroughs and shape the national conversation -- or to even to attempt to make progress on issues , like tax reform , where there is potential support for a bipartisan breakthrough . Using up the legislative clock has been central to the Republican strategy since the 2010 midterm elections , a tactic that the Democrats have found difficult to fight back against . The strategy has been pretty straightforward . Each time that President Obama tried to introduce a new issue to the nation , whether that has to do with immigration reform or economic inequality , Republicans have instantly shifted public attention elsewhere by threatening extreme action on some other area of policy . This is what Republicans did in 2010 and 2011 when they warned that they would not raise the debt limit ceiling if Democrats did not accede to their budget demands . Congress spent many months wrangling over the budget as they faced the real possibility of the federal government going into default . This was all that anyone in Washington was talking about . The GOP did the same with the threat of a government shutdown . Even though the possibility of repealing the Affordable Care Act is remote , Republicans keep bringing it up for a debate , forcing Democrats to defend the program and spending more time on a proposal that nobody really thinks stands a chance of passing . The "  tea party " faction of the House Republicans has been pivotal to this strategy as was clear this week . Since they have shown repeatedly that they are willing to employ the most extreme measures to defend their principles , and that they wo n't allow Boehner to rein them in for "  practical " political considerations , Democrats ca n't afford to take the threats lightly . Republican leaders can and have said to the White House they would like to find reasonable solutions to these problems , but with a nod to the Republican caucus , remind Obama that they do n't have full control . While it is true that these tactics have hurt the name brand of the GOP and place Republican presidential candidates at greater risk in 2016 , many congressional Republicans have been willing to suffer hits in the polls because the tactic has allowed them to continue using up time on the legislative calendar . Aside from vetoing bills , President Obama does n't have many options other than to watch the clock tick away . Now the GOP has done it again . Even if there is a resolution that continues funding for the Department of Homeland Security , months have been consumed on Capitol Hill . When the year began President Obama wanted to make economic inequality a defining theme for the year . He wanted to use the limited power he had to bring more attention to the growing divide between the rich and the poor , as well as the struggles facing middle class Americans . But he has only had limited success . Instead , he and his party have been consumed with this struggle over the budget bill . When House Republicans pushed their "  stop-gap " measure to fund Homeland Security for just another week , they were following the standard game plan . By avoiding permanent solutions to budgeting problems , and keeping the debate over these issues in play for even more time , the GOP continues to eat away at the president 's political clock . Usually political extremism does not have the virtues that Sen. Barry Goldwater claimed in his famous 1964 speech to the Republican Convention , but it sure can have short-term political benefits in Congress . Just ask Mitch McConnell , who can barely contain his grin .	Julian Zelizer : GOP hogs the spotlight with funding deadlines like the battle over money for the Department of Homeland Security . He says the continual crises deprive Obama of the chance to move his agenda forward even slightly
North Carolina 's House of Representatives passed a restrictive abortion bill Thursday with a 74-41 vote . The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval . The bill would place requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit . It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . House committee members refashioned a bill on motorcycle safety into one principally about abortion after the state 's governor threatened on Wednesday to veto the abortion measures . That led the bill to be dubbed the "  Motorcycle Abortion Bill . " When legislators attached the abortion measures to the motorcycle safety bill , they placed them at the top of the bill and renamed it "  Health and Safety Law Changes . " motorcycle safety measures dropped to the bottom of the bill . Gov. Pat McCrory , a Republican , vowed to veto the abortion legislation the first time it came up . In his campaign , he had promised not to restrict abortion in North Carolina , and abortion-rights advocates lobbied to hold him to his word . McCrory warned in a statement that the legislation was unacceptable without significant changes , but he noted in his objections "  that major portions of the bill are of sound  principle  and value . " The language of the bill was reworded somewhat the second time around . It now says the health department should make rules without "  unduly restricting access . " McCrory could still veto , though there are enough conservative votes in the House and Senate to override it . A similar but stricter law passed in Mississippi is coming close to shutting down that state 's last abortion clinic . Another such law passed in Alabama earlier this year . These new state laws represent a broader , nationwide assault on a woman 's right to choose , said Staci Fox , a Planned Parenthood spokeswoman . "  Bills like these have been introduced in 42 states . This is a whole new level of attack on women 's health . " Some of the states that have already passed new laws did so in anticipation of legal challenges and have shored up war chests to fund the battles , she said . They are prepared to go to court , even to challenge the landmark Supreme Court abortion ruling Roe v. Wade that provides the basic legal framework for abortion in the United States . Abortion opponents confirm the judicial strategy behind the laws . Americans United for Life states : "  Using our model legislation and our hard-won expertise with abortion clinic regulations , we also intend to provoke future , strategic ` test cases ' -- federal and state legal challenges to carefully crafted and selected state laws -- that will serve as vehicles to severely undermine Roe v. Wade and , ultimately , eradicate it from American law . " Texas abortion bill a step closer to law Raped 11-year-old stirs an abortion debate in Chile	The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval It includes a requirement for doctors to be present at an abortion It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans to pay for abortions Critics say the bill would make it hard for abortion clinics to stay in business
CNN  -- Ethiopian distance running legend Haile Gebrselassie has shocked the world of athletics by announcing his retirement . The 37-year-old dropped out of Sunday 's New York City marathon with a knee injury then told reporters he had run his last race . "  I never think about to retire . But for the first time , this is the day , " he said . "  Let me stop and do other work after this . " Gebrselassie , a two-time Olympic 10,000 meters champion , is the world marathon record holder after setting a time of two hours three minutes 59 seconds in Berlin in 2008 . He was the star attraction in New York , but pulled out in obvious pain on the Queensboro Bridge while in the leading group at 16 miles . "  I do n't want to complain anymore after this , which means it 's better to stop here , " he said . Gebrselassie , who has set a host of world bests over several distances in his storied career , had told his twitter blog that he was struggling with a knee problem , but gave no hint he would quit the sport . His compatriot Gebre Gebremariam triumphed on his marathon debut to win in two hours eight minutes and 14 seconds . The 2009 cross-country world champion pulled clear of Kenya 's Emmanuel Mutai in the closing stages . Another Kenyan , Moses Kigen Kipkosgei , was third . Kenya 's Edna Kiplagat claimed her first major marathon title as she took the women 's race .	Haile Gebrselassie quits athletics after dropping out of New York marathon Marathon world record holder Gebrselassie was the star attraction in the Big Apple Compatriot Gebre Gebremariam wins on his marathon debut
New York  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and Kate left flowers at one of the reflecting pools during their visit to the 9/11 Memorial and Museum Tuesday morning , both pausing to reflect as somber skies and pouring rain marked the occasion . A handwritten note placed with the flowers read : "  In sorrowful memory of those who died on 11th September and in admiration of the courage shown to rebuild . William and Catherine . " Their visit to the memorial was the first stop on the royal couple 's jam-packed third and final day in New York City . The Duke and Duchess spent roughly 30 minutes inside the museum , remarking on the "  survivors ' staircase " that was salvaged from the tower ruins . "  They had lots of questions and interest in how these stairs were used by hundreds of people on that day to escape , " said Joe Daniels , the museum 's president . Both also visited the "  In Memoriam " exhibition , which holds profiles of 9/11 victims , and a wall that bears 2,983 blue tiles -- one for each of the victims of the attacks in New York , the Pentagon and the Pennsylvania site where a hijacked plane crashed , plus the victims of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing . Before leaving the museum , Kate and William both signed an interactive electronic tablet , writing "  Catherine " and "  William " in script , which projected their signatures on a 60-foot wall in the museum 's Foundation Hall . "  It was a tremendous visit , and you could see in , really , both of their eyes , the sort of care and curiosity they had for the story of what happened and the people who died that day , " said Daniels . The museum was open to the public during their visit , though other museumgoers were kept at a distance . Echoing the excited crowds that greeted the pair at their arrival at the Carlyle Hotel Sunday evening , a dozen or so visitors awaited the couple 's arrival in the museum lobby , ready with their camera phones . Mary Failes of Virginia Beach , Virginia , was one of them . A longtime "  royal watcher " who held a "  baby shower " for Kate and hosted a viewing of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana 's 1981 wedding at her home , had long planned to visit the 9/11 museum and just happened to be there the same day as William and Kate . "  It was just a coincidence -- meant to be ! " Failes said . Performance worthy of London 's West End The pair later then made their way to an event hosted by The Door and the CityKids Foundation , both arts-education and youth-development centers for disadvantaged youths in the West Village neighborhood of Manhattan . The two were treated to a dance , storytelling , and musical performance by people involved with both centers . William was seen tapping his feet to music that accompanied a hip-hop dance show . One performance by Steven Prescod , which told the story of how his father was incarcerated and how he faced his own possible jail term , impressed William so much that he offered to help bring the story to a mainstream audience . "  William said he wanted to help me put this together . He gave me his contact number and said to reach out to him , " said Prescod , 22 , of Brooklyn . He said the Duke and Duchess ' visit "  brought hope . " After the show , William he congratulated the group . "  That was incredible , guys . It was amazing and should be on in the West End , " referring to an area in London where several professional theaters are located . "  It nearly had me in tears , " he admitted . Following their visit , William and Kate attended a lunch reception at the NeueHouse , celebrating the British talent in creative industries based in New York . Guests in attendance included film producer Harvey Weinstein , actor Sir Patrick Stewart , J.Crew President Jenna Lyons , actress Archie Panjabi , and Downton Abbey producer Gareth Neame . William also paid a visit the Empire State Building Tuesday afternoon , accompanied by Mayor Bill de Blasio . The day 's earlier heavy rain subsided and William walked the entire perimeter of the observation deck of the famous 86-story landmark , stopping to point out other landmarks and sights . Red , white , and blue lights had been adorning the top of the building in honor of the Royal visit . On Tuesday night , the Duke and Duchess attended a benefit dinner celebrating the 600th anniversary of the University of St. Andrews in Scotland , held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Crowds of onlookers lined up three deep to watch the couple exit their car on the corner of 82nd Street and Fifth Avenue . After the royal pair ascended the steps to the museum , they were greeted by a group of eight recent St. Andrews alumni , who were dressed in the traditional red robes worn at the college . Kate made a gesture suggesting she remembered the robes from her time at school . Kate wore a Jenny Packham dress that she has worn to several other galas before . William wore a classic black tuxedo . Excitement in the street William and Kate arrived in New York City Sunday evening for their three-day trip -- their first visit to the Big Apple . Reporting from New York Monday morning , CNN royal correspondent Max Foster said Kate was the star of the show . Screams greeted the Duchess of Cambridge when she arrived at a children 's craft group in Harlem , greeted by the first lady of New York City , Chirlane McCray , amid tight security . Meanwhile , William jetted down to Washington for a quick visit with President Obama at the White House . The visit underscored "  the special relationship " between the United States and the United Kingdom , the White House said . Basketball , Jay Z and Beyonce After speaking at a session of the World Bank about the need for an international effort to stop illegal wildlife trading , William jetted back to NYC , on a flight whose passengers also included CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also chatted with Hillary and Chelsea Clinton at a Royal Foundation reception Monday evening and even met Jay Z , Beyonce and King James -- also known as basketball star LeBron James -- at a basketball game at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . They also got a look at American-style protest as demonstrators marched outside Barclays Center in Brooklyn to show their anger about the lack of an indictment in the Eric Garner chokehold death . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Ralph Ellis and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Royal couple attends a gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Tuesday was the final day in the royal couple 's visit to the Big Apple They paid their respects at the 9/11 Memorial and Museum The pair also were treated to a performance hosted by centers for disadvantaged youth
The man accused of kidnapping 16-year-old Hannah Anderson and murdering her mother and brother was killed on Saturday , bringing to an end a manhunt that spanned from California to Idaho , authorities said . James Lee DiMaggio , 40 , was shot and killed by an FBI agent following what was described as a "  confrontation " near Morehead Lake , according to authorities . Hannah was found alive , and she was taken to an area hospital for an evaluation , authorities said . Here 's a look at the timeline of the case : Saturday , August 3 Hannah is last seen at cheerleading practice near her home in San Diego County . Sunday , August 4 Authorities in Southern California issue a statewide Amber Alert via cell phone for Hannah and her 8-year-old brother , Ethan , after they are reported missing by their grandparents , the same day DiMaggio 's home was burned . While extinguishing the house fire , personnel discover the body of the children 's mother , Christina Anderson , 42 , of Lakeside , California . They also recover the badly burned remains of a child and the body of a dog . Monday , August 5 The San Diego County Sheriff 's Office releases several photos of DiMaggio , saying they believe he is driving a blue , four-door Nissan Versa with California license plate 6WCU986 . Tuesday , August 6 Hannah 's father , Brett Anderson , pleads for DiMaggio to release his daughter . "  Jim , I ca n't fathom what you were thinking . The damage is done . I 'm begging you to let my daughter go . You 've taken everything else , " he tells reporters . "  Hannah , we all love you very much . If you have a chance , you take it , you run . You 'll be found . " Anderson does not mention Ethan in his remarks , prompting a reporter to ask San Diego Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio whether the child 's remains might be those of the boy . Giannantonio says the remains have not been identified . Wednesday , August 7 The search for DiMaggio expands from California to other states as tips pour in to San Diego authorities with possible sightings of DiMaggio , Hannah and Ethan . An Amber Alert is issued in Oregon after a possible sighting of DiMaggio 's vehicle , the Oregon State Police said . Thursday , August 8 Authorities announce DiMaggio 's car has been found after a man on horseback reported he had a brief conversation with two campers in the Idaho wilderness on Wednesday . The horseback rider told investigators he struck up a brief conversation with Hannah and DiMaggio , who he did not know were being sought until later when he saw a news report about the missing girl and called the Amber Alert tip line . Friday , August 9 San Diego authorities formally confirm the remains of the child found inside the burned out home were those of Ethan . DiMaggio 's car is discovered in a rugged mountain area in central Idaho . The car was hidden by brush and the license plates removed . About 250 law enforcement personnel -- among them about 150 FBI agents , in addition to state , county and other federal agents -- converge on the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness , about 15 miles outside Cascade , Idaho , looking for the teenage girl and DiMaggio . Saturday , August 10 Authorities say they spotted the campsite being used by DiMaggio from the air . They sent in law enforcement personnel on foot , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore tells reporters . An FBI tactical agent killed DiMaggio at about 5:15 p.m. local time during a confrontation near Morehead Lake , the sheriff says . Hannah has been found alive and taken to an area hospital for an evaluation , he says .	On Saturday,16-year-old Hannah Anderson was found and is safe , authorities say Her alleged captor , James DiMaggio , is dead , police say The teen 's brother and mother were killed in a fire at their family home
CNN  -- An appellate court on Thursday ordered a new trial for a Florida woman who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a gun to scare off her allegedly abusive husband , ruling that a jury was improperly instructed on self-defense . Marissa Alexander 's case will be retried because the jury was wrongly told that -- for her to claim self-defense -- she needed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that her husband was about to seriously harm her , the appellate court said . Rather , the appellate court pointed out , the prosecution had the burden to prove that Alexander herself was guilty of aggravated assault . "  Because the jury instructions on self-defense were fundamental error , we reverse " the conviction , a three-judge appellate panel said . A jury convicted Alexander , 31 , of aggravated assault in March 2012 after just 12 minutes of deliberation . Alexander 's lawyer said he told her about the new trial by phone . "  Marissa was ecstatic and obviously she 's incredibly thankful and wants to get back with her family , " defense attorney Bruce Zimet told CNN . ` Stand your ground ' denied in Alexander case The case gained the attention of civil rights leaders , who say the African-American mother of three was persecuted because of her race , and from others , including U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown , who said the sentence was too harsh and Alexander never should have been charged . Alexander claimed self-defense , saying she was attempting to flee her husband , Rico Gray , on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . She said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . State Attorney Angela Corey had said the case deserved to be prosecuted because Alexander fired in the direction of a room where two children were standing . Corey had said she offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence , but Alexander chose to take the case to a jury trial , where a conviction would carry a mandatory sentence under a Florida law known as "  10-20-life . " The law mandates increased penalties for some felonies , including aggravated assault , in which a gun is carried or used . Opinion : Shame of mandatory minimums During sentencing in May 2012 , a judge said he had no choice but to sentence her to 20 years . "  Under the state 's 10-20-life law , a conviction for aggravated assault where a firearm has been discharged carries a minimum and maximum sentence of 20 years without regarding to any extenuating or mitigating circumstances that may be present , such as those in this case , " Judge James Daniel said that year . Before the trial , Alexander unsuccessfully tried to use Florida 's Stand Your Ground law to argue she was immune from prosecution . To win the immunity hearing , she would have needed to show that she was more likely entitled than not to use force . But a judge in the pretrial immunity hearing rejected the request , saying Alexander 's decision to go back into the house was not consistent with someone in fear for her safety . In Thursday 's decision , the appellate court said Alexander would not get a new immunity hearing . But she can still claim self-defense at trial . The office of the Florida state attorney for Duval County said Thursday that Alexander 's conviction "  was reversed on a legal technicality . " "  We are gratified that the court affirmed the defendant 's Stand Your Ground ruling " denying pretrial immunity , the office said . Florida lawmakers wo n't have special session on ` stand your ground ' InSession 's Jessica Thill and CNN 's Chuck Hadad , Michael Pearson and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Marissa Alexander is "  ecstatic " and "  incredibly grateful " Court : The jury received bad self-defense instructions Alexander was convicted in March of aggravated assault Alexander said she fired a warning shot to fend off her allegedly abusive husband
Atlanta  CNN  -- Justin Ross Harris apparently called himself RJ on a social media personal networking site through which he met a woman that police say he was messaging on the day his son was dying in a hot SUV outside his office building . On a profile on the Skout website , "  RJ " posted three profile photos , all of which appear to be Harris . The Georgia father has been charged with murder and child cruelty in the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . The Skout user says he is a married man from Smyrna , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta . It lists his age as 27 . Harris , who is 33 , lives in nearby Marietta . "  Just looking to talk . Message me , I 'm harmless , " the profile creator wrote . The profile was last updated five months ago . There is a post on the page from a year ago , but it is was not possible to determine how long the profile had been up or to say with certainty that Harris had created the profile . A message left with Ross Harris ' attorney , H. Maddox Kilgore , was not immediately returned Tuesday night . Police say Harris left son Cooper strapped into a car seat in his SUV for seven hours while he went to work on June 18 . Records show that the mercury topped 92 that day , and police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the boy was pronounced dead in a parking lot not far from his father 's workplace . Kilgore said at a hearing last week that his client forgot Cooper was in the car . Harris has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Who is Justin Ross Harris ? Death highlights key role of digital evidence Harris messaged six women , one of whom was underage , and exchanged explicit texts from work while Cooper Harris was dying , Cobb County Police Detective Phil Stoddard testified at a probable cause hearing last week . Harris allegedly sent explicit photos , including one of an erect penis , to an underage female . Stoddard said Harris was using a messaging service called Kik and one of the women had told him she met Harris on Skout . Kilgore repeatedly objected to the testimony being used at the hearing . But the judge allowed the testimony . Cobb County Chief Magistrate Frank Cox found probable cause to move forward on murder and child cruelty charges . "  For him to enter the car ... when the child had been dead and rigor mortis had set in , and the testimony is the stench in the car was overwhelming at that point in time , that he -- in spite of that -- got in the car and drove it for some distance before he took any action to check on the welfare of his child , I find there is probable cause for the two charges contained in the warrant , " Cox told a packed courtroom . Harris remains in jail . His wife , Leanna Harris , visited Tuesday , according to WXIA , an Atlanta TV station and CNN affiliate . It is unclear whether she was able to see her husband . A series of documents released Monday revealed more details of the investigation . The documents , which include applications for search warrants and eight actual search warrants in the case against Harris , seek the medical records of Harris and his late son , a DVD , a 2-gigabyte memory card , a 32GB thumb drive and an external hard drive . 5 questions about mother in toddler 's hot-car death Read the warrant  PDF CNN 's Justin Lear , Eliott C. McLaughlin , John Murgatroyd and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Profile has three pictures of a man who appears to be Justin Ross Harris ` RJ ' says he is married , ` harmless ' Harris is charged with murder in the death of his 22-month-old son He has pleaded not guilty and remains in jail after a judge denied bail
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pilot of a doomed plane that crashed , killing 50 people , said "  Jesus Christ " and "  We 're down , " seconds before the plane hurtled from the night sky into a house outside Buffalo , New York , in February . An investigator walks past the wreckage from a plane crash in Clarence Center , New York , in February . The last sounds heard in the cockpit were First Officer Rebecca Shaw saying "  We 're " and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12 , according to a transcript of the cockpit recording . Seconds earlier , the pilot , Capt. Marvin Renslow , said , "  Jesus Christ , " as a sound "  similar to stick shaker " was heard , the transcript said . Renslow said , "  We 're down , " and a thump was heard before Shaw said , "  We 're " and screamed . The National Transportation Safety Board released the transcript of the cockpit recording on Tuesday as it began a three-day hearing in Washington on the crash . See how crash of Flight 3407 unfolded " Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , killing all 49 people on board and one man in the house . About five minutes before the crash , Shaw had shared with Renslow her fear of flying in icy conditions , according to the transcript . "  I do n't want to have to experience that and make those kinds of calls . You know I ` dve freaked out . I ` dve -LSB- sic -RSB- had like seen this much ice and thought , ` oh my gosh , we were going to crash , " Shaw told Renslow . The NTSB 's preliminary investigation determined there was some ice accumulation on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 aircraft , but that "  icing had a minimal impact on the stall speed of the airplane . " Watch more on the NTSB investigation " In a story Monday , the Wall Street Journal cited investigators as saying the crash resulted from pilot Marvin Renslow 's incorrect response to the plane 's precarious drop in speed : He overrode an emergency system known as a "  stick pusher , " which sends the plane into a dive so it can regain speed and avoid a stall . Colgan Air , the operator of Continental Connection flights , said Monday that Renslow had never trained in a flight simulator with the safety system that activated just before the plane went down . Colgan said there is no regulatory requirement that it provide hands-on training with the "  stick pusher . " "  A stick pusher demonstrated in an aircraft simulator is not required by the FAA , " the airline said in a statement . "  And thus was not included in Colgan 's Q400 training program . " The Federal Aviation Administration said its standards do not require hands-on practice with the safety system . "  That 's a significant problem , " veteran pilot Douglas Moss told CNN . Moss , an expert in stall recovery , believes flight simulator practice with a stick pusher should be mandatory for aspiring pilots . "  It 's similar to picking up and throwing a groundball in baseball . You can study it academically all you want to but you really need to develop the proficiency , the skill , the muscle memory required to do that , " said Moss . Renslow had failed five pilot tests , known as "  check rides , " three of which occurred before he joined the airline , Colgan Air said . Renslow had revealed only one of those failures to the airline , according to Colgan . NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker said Tuesday that the board 's hearing will not address who is to blame for the accident . "  Over the course of this hearing , we will continue to collect information that will assist the safety board in its examination of safety issues arising from this accident , " he said . He said those issues are : airplane performance , cold weather operations , a sterile cockpit , flight crew training and performance , and fatigue management . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : First officer talked to pilot about fear of crashing , transcript shows Safety board releases transcript from cockpit of plane 's final moments February crash near Buffalo , New York , killed all 49 on plane and one on ground Monday report cited pilot 's training ; airline says training met FAA requirements
CNN  -- Historian David W. Blight has written that the first Memorial Day took place in Charleston , South Carolina . On May 1 , 1865 , a crowd of African-Americans -- recently freed from slavery -- honored the Union soldiers entombed in the rocky ground of the Charleston Race Course . Twenty-nine days later , William Tecumseh Sherman concluded his farewell order from the United States Army with the words , "  Your general now bids you farewell , with the full belief that , as in war you have been good soldiers , so in peace you will make good citizens . " On this Memorial Day 2014 , we must acknowledge , not as a member of Congress , a veteran of the Vietnam War and a journalist-filmmaker , but as one nation indivisible , that Sherman 's hope for American soldiers is not being realized today . According to current Veterans Administration estimates , 22 American veterans take their lives every single day . High rates of unemployment , homelessness , alcoholism , substance abuse and post-traumatic stress are decimating our community of veterans . With the wars of the past 13 years in Iraq and Afghanistan coming to a close , we are seeing too many casualties among American soldiers in this transition to peace . In light of this crisis , we need a new kind of Memorial Day . Many veterans are desperate to talk about their experiences with fellow Americans who accept shared responsibility for what is done in war , particularly the killing . Yet these conversations rarely happen today . How can a veteran truly come home unless we acknowledge that our nation 's wars are something we all chose and paid for ? Returning Vietnam veterans were treated shamefully . That , thankfully , is behind America . We 've moved from outright hostility to awkward , if well-meant , expressions of "  thank you for your service " and the creation of a number of new veterans services organizations . However , there remains an abiding sense of national indifference , or worse , a sense that somehow veterans are victims . This must change . There are more than 2 million Iraq and Afghanistan veterans in America . That they are all proud volunteers does n't excuse us from helping them come home . Yes , the VA and other government services that cater to veterans need to work better , but there is an additional , crucial step that America must take : The entire nation must accept responsibility for the wounds , psychological and physical , that they bring home from war . Opposing the recent wars does not exempt one from this responsibility any more than opposing national health care exempts one from having to take care of America 's sick and injured . Many veterans did n't see combat , but all were separated from their families for long periods and subjected to the enormous stresses of life in a war zone . Ironically , a consequence is that veterans often feel excluded from the very society they helped defend . Other cultures understood this obligation to help rebuild the bond between a returning warrior and his community . In early Native American cultures , a warrior back from battle participated in purification ceremonies intended to reaffirm his identity . These rituals also empowered the community to welcome the warrior home : To listen to his battle tales , to appreciate his sacrifice , and to assert his value in society . In our modern society , tribal rituals should give way to a concerted , national effort to share in the stories of our fighting men and women . Pomp and circumstance are fine , but what our veterans really need is a solemn commemoration that the wars of the past 13 years -- wars waged by all of us -- are over . Our veterans also need public forums in which to tell their stories . Our soldiers ' stories are visceral , and sometimes repugnant , and their telling can close the widening gap that exists between our military and the rest of American society . We are either one nation or we 're not . We ca n't have it both ways . This is what future Memorial Days in America could mean to us all . Whether through community forums , statewide listening tours or action at the federal level , a national embrace of our veterans ' experiences is a profound way to combat today 's veterans ' crisis . Each and every American must make a commitment to help return our soldiers to society : cleansed , rehabilitated , welcomed , and empowered . Our soldiers deserve a Memorial Day 2.0 . And , as we help our veterans navigate their paths of reconciliation and reintegration , we may become better citizens ourselves . We may also find that the answers to many of America 's most pressing challenges are found in the pain and pride , the tragedies and triumphs , of American soldiers .	Writers : America is not fulfilling promise to soldiers to help them on their return to society They say veterans adrift face unemployment , homelessness , substance abuse , suicide They say many cultures see embrace of veterans as critical . All Americans should , too Writers : We must be one nation , together with our veterans , help them reintegrate , reconcile
CNN  -- An American man who was held in Aruba for nearly four months in connection with the disappearance of his traveling companion insisted Thursday he had nothing to do with her vanishing but said it will "  weigh heavily on me for a very long time . " "  I feel as if a person I cared about , a companion ... has disappeared on my watch , " Gary Giordano said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " in his first interview since being released from custody in Aruba earlier this week . Giordano , 50 , had been held in the disappearance of 35-year-old Robyn Gardner of Maryland . Giordano told authorities the two were snorkeling on August 2 when he signaled to Gardner to swim back . When he reached the beach , he told police , Gardner was nowhere to be found and has not been seen since . "  I only looked back when I hit a rock , " he said , according to a transcript of a police interview obtained by CNN . "  Before that , I did not look back . I was busy saving my life . " Aruban judges repeatedly granted requests to extend Giordano 's detention , while the investigation continued . But last week , a judge rejected prosecutors ' request to hold Giordano , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , for an additional 30 days . He was released Tuesday . A three-judge panel of Aruban judges held a hearing Wednesday to review the decision to release Giordano , but upheld it . ABC aired a clip of an emotional Giordano learning of the decision at the airport . "  I 'd accepted the fact that they were going to keep me from my kids forever , " he told reporters in the video . Aruban prosecutor Taco Stein said Monday he was aware Giordano was going to return home after being freed . "  If we need him again , we will seek extradition with the United States , " he said . The unresolved case has raised a host of questions , including the nature of the relationship between Gardner and Giordano . His U.S.-based lawyer , Jose Baez , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Thursday night that the two were both single and their personal activities -- including photographs taken by Giordano of the people that have been widely speculated about -- are irrelevant to what happened on the beach that summer day . "  What they do in the privacy of their own bedroom is their business , and really has nothing to do with this except scandalizing the case and trying to cast more aspersions on Gary and his lifestyle , " Baez said . The attorney said that the couple were "  not exclusive . " Responding to a question about whether Giordano was a swinger , Baez said , "  Gary has a different lifestyle than perhaps you and I. " "  These were things that the this couple did , and they did not only with each other but with other individuals , " the lawyer added , referring to what transpired involving Giordano and Gardner before she went missing . In his own interview Thursday with ABC , Giordano -- flanked , at the time , by Baez -- disputed allegations he and Gardner had been drinking and that he took her to a "  remote location . " "  We were a sober couple , " he said . " ... We were 100 yards from a scuba diving store . " The two were in view of other people at Baby Beach the day Gardner disappeared , he said . While Giordano answered specific questions -- at one point saying , "  Here , I 'll just interview myself " -- he refused to give an entire account of that day , saying , "  I 'm not going to sit here and answer something I 've answered repeatedly . " But he said he was not hurriedly attempting to escape from Aruba when he was detained at the airport August 5 . He said following Gardner 's disappearance , he met with her mother and with a U.S. Embassy representative . Both told him that he should go ahead and return to the United States on his scheduled flight , he said , and police said he was free to go . He said he was running through the airport to catch the last flight home , as the airport was closing because of a tropical storm passing north of the island . Asked about a surveillance video showing him just after Gardner disappeared , Giordano disputed that he appeared to be dry and said he was exhausted from swimming back to shore , explaining why he did not appear to be acting more urgently . When seeking help , he said he found "  nobody there ... I 'm supposed to scream into the air ? " Giordano was asked about a $ 1.5 million life insurance policy he took out on Gardner days before they traveled to Aruba . He said he purchased travel cancellation insurance on a website and also purchased medical , dental and accident insurance on both him and Gardner . Because both people were listed on the cancellation policy , the site automatically assigned Gardner the other insurance , he said . "  You ca n't unselect anybody . " He said he routinely purchases such insurance when traveling . "  I have children , " he said . "  I have a house ... I maxed out on everything ... I was selecting it for me and she got the same thing . " Giordano acknowledged he inquired about the policy two days after Gardner disappeared but said he was told by his then-attorney Michael Lopez to do so . Lopez told him that he could be billed for helicopters and scuba divers used to search for Gardner , he said . He told "  Good Morning America " that a travel handbook issued by the Dutch government advises travelers , in the case of a missing person , to call authorities and then call their insurance company . Baez , who represented Casey Anthony earlier this year , suggested in the "  Good Morning America " interview that Lopez might have had a financial motive for advising Giordano to call the insurance company . He alleged Lopez was "  seeing dollar signs " and attempted to get Giordano to sign a retainer agreement giving him one-third of the insurance money . Reached by telephone in Aruba on Thursday , Lopez denied that , saying his agreement with Giordano did not give him one-third of the money . Giordano vehemently denied any involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . Asked if he would do anything differently if given the chance , he said , "  Absolutely . That 's a silly question ... I would n't have come  to Aruba  . " But , he added , "  You ca n't unring a bell . " His lawyer , Baez , likewise claimed that critics are looking for a scapegoat in Gardner 's disappearance . "  Everything that they have said in a negative way towards Gary is really supposition upon supposition , guess upon guess , " he told HLN . "  And just because she has n't been recovered or found , they 're just pointing their finger toward a convenient person , which is Gary . " CNN 's Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : Giordano 's "  different lifestyle " is irrelevant to his guilt or innocence , his lawyer says The Maryland man gives his first interview since his release from jail in Aruba He denies any involvement in Robyn Gardner 's August 2 disappearance Giordano says he bought travel insurance , and Gardner was automatically included
Miami  CNN  -- It sounded like a good deal : Get a Cuban birth certificate and stay in the United States , worry-free . But federal authorities say the birth certificates were n't legitimate , and the undocumented immigrants trying to get them were n't Cuban . Now a federal judge in Florida has sentenced several people for conspiring to commit immigration fraud . The defendants , authorities say , made more than half a million dollars selling forged Cuban birth certificates to undocumented immigrants and helping them fill out fraudulent U.S. immigration forms . Their aim , investigators said , was to exploit a U.S. law that allows Cuban immigrants to apply for permanent residence if they 've been in the United States for more than a year . Authorities arrested Nelson Daniel Silvestri Soutto , Laura Maria Ponce Santos , Amelia Osorio and Fidel Morejon Vega last year . Court documents show that all four have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit immigration fraud . New immigration rules help undocumented families Court documents provide details about a type of scam that 's becoming increasingly common , immigration lawyers say . In one conversation with a confidential informant recorded by investigators , Morejon demanded thousands of dollars in payment for Cuban birth certificates and provided advice about how to answer questions from immigration authorities who might ask why he has a Mexican accent . " ` Uh , because I work with a lot of Mexicans and I caught it  the accent  ... ' " period , " Morejon said , according to a transcript of the conversation filed in federal court . "  You are Cuban ... from today on ... 3:25 in the afternoon you are entering the United States and you are Cuban . " Morejon advised the informant and an undercover officer not to make conversation with officials , and to tell them they arrived "  in a raft , " according to the transcript . Investigators describe Morejon as the scheme 's ringleader , accusing him of recruiting the others and paying them referral fees for each undocumented immigrant who purchased his services . Opinion : Solve immigration without a quick path to citizenship He "  met with numerous illegal aliens and told them that he could assist them in obtaining their residency in the United States by pretending to be Cuban , " according to a court document filed along with Morejon 's guilty plea agreement last year . "  To effectuate the fraud , Morejon posed as an immigration officer to impress the illegal aliens  and  also threatened some of the illegal aliens with deportation , " the document said . The day authorities arrested him , they found blank Cuban birth certificates and altered naturalization certificates in his Florida home , federal prosecutors said in a memo filed this month . In addition to selling fake Cuban birth certificates , Morejon also sold fraudulent presidential pardons , prosecutors said . Morejon , of Kissimmee , Florida , is scheduled to be sentenced later this month . Prosecutors have asked the judge to sentence him to more than three years in prison . "  The full extent of Morejon 's fraud remains unknown as his former customers continue to be identified by the government , " prosecutors said . "  The one conclusion that must be drawn from all the facts is that Morejon devoted his life , over a period of more than three and a half years , to extracting as much money as possible from his customers and obtaining that money by whatever means necessary . " U.S. District Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga sentenced Ponce earlier this month to six months in prison , two years on parole and nine months under house arrest . Osorio was sentenced Thursday to four months in prison , two years of parole and 11 months under house arrest . And Silvestri was sentenced to a year in prison , three years on parole and nine months under house arrest . Morejon pleaded guilty "  and acknowledged he was the organizer , " said Hugo Rodriguez , an attorney representing Morejon . That means he 'll likely receive a higher sentence , Rodriguez said . Attorney Richard Serafini , who represents Osorio , declined to comment but referred to a memo he filed in court earlier this month , arguing for a lower sentence . The memo argues that Osorio , 61 , paid Morejon thousands of dollars for a fraudulent presidential pardon for her son , who had been convicted of a federal drug offense . She became involved in the conspiracy "  through her efforts to help her son " and her criminal conduct was an "  extreme aberration , " Serafini wrote . "  Her background is one of hard work , dedication to her family and , until this episode , law-abiding , " the memo said . Attorneys for Ponce and Silvestri did not respond to requests for comment . This type of scam has been happening in Florida for years but appears to be on the rise , immigration attorney Wilfredo Allen said . There are consequences beyond this particular case , according to Maite Hoyos , an immigration attorney in Miami . More and more , she said , authorities are asking her Cuban clients to prove the validity of their birth certificates -- something , she says , that suggests that this type of fraud is on investigators ' radar . Adriana Hauser reported from Miami . Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta .	Prosecutors : Scammers made $ 500,000 selling fake Cuban birth certificates The scheme aimed to use a U.S. law that allows Cubans to apply for residency "  You are Cuban from today on , " the plot 's alleged ringleader tells one client
CNN  -- Texas slapped the U.S. Supreme Court in the face , and the justices just took it . On Tuesday night , Texas executed Marvin Wilson , whose IQ score was 61 -- low enough that it should have met any standard for "  diminished mental capacity . " Shockingly , the court did not intervene to stop the execution despite its 2002 decision in Atkins v. Virginia barring the execution of the "  mentally retarded " as "  cruel and unusual punishment " in violation of the Eighth Amendment . Wilson played a role in the murder of Jerry Williams in 1992 . He needed to be held accountable for his actions , even with diminished mental capacity . But he had the mental capacity of a first-grader , could barely match his socks and was fired from a car wash job for being too slow at drying cars . A clinical neuropsychologist with 22 years of experience concluded Wilson was intellectually disabled . Texas got away with executing an intellectually disabled person because the Supreme Court allows states to determine their own standards of "  mental retardation " and has n't bothered to push back when states clearly ignore its ruling . Flouting the heart of the Atkins decision , Texas decided that not all persons with "  mental retardation " should be barred from execution , just those who "  a consensus of Texas citizens would agree " whether they should live or die . Unbelievably , Texas had cited the example of Lennie Small , the intellectually disabled ranch hand in John Steinbeck 's famous novel written 75 years ago , "  Of Mice and Men , " to demonstrate this standard . Steinbeck 's son , Thomas Steinbeck , issued a statement before the execution : "  I am certain that if my father , John Steinbeck , were here , he would be deeply angry and ashamed to see his work used in this way . " He expressed shock that "  Texas would use a fictional character ... as a benchmark to identify whether defendants with intellectual disability should live or die . I find the whole premise to be insulting , outrageous , ridiculous , and profoundly tragic . " The American Association on Intellectual and Development Disabilities was also disturbed by the lack of science and the reliance on "  false stereotypes " in Texas ' criteria . In Georgia , prisoners are required to prove "  beyond a reasonable doubt " that they are "  mentally retarded . " The state almost executed Warren Hill , a man clinically determined to be intellectually disabled . Fortunately , he received a stay of execution , though on other grounds . Clearly , some individuals who may not exhibit the most severe signs of disability will fall through the cracks . Texas ' standard leaves more than a crack through which the rare individual may slip . Wilson fell through a gaping hole because of the ridiculous criteria set by the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals . Because the Texas Legislature failed to pass a law to catch up with the Atkins ruling , the state 's high court stepped in . The United States has not yet arrived at the position that governments should not have the irreversible God-like power to execute its citizens as the majority of countries in the world have . But 10 years ago , the Supreme Court at least recognized that there ought to be limits to this awful power . The insane , children and those who are not mentally developed are more vulnerable than the rest of us . They are more easily manipulated , they are less capable of making sound judgments and they often need help carrying out basic daily functions . We treat them differently because we are humane and civilized , right ? The U.S. Supreme Court will receive more cases like the Wilson case until it stands up to the states and insists that they develop better scientific and reasonable criteria for judging a person 's mental capacity that respect today 's standards of decency . The United States just sustained another black eye on the world stage when Texas was allowed to execute a man with the mind of 7-year-old . The egregiousness of this act is heightened for a country that claims the moral high ground and global leadership on human rights . Executing a poor , African-American , intellectually disabled man shows once again the arbitrary nature of the death penalty . That was why the Supreme Court halted capital punishment 40 years ago in its Furman v. Georgia decision . In Gregg v. Georgia , the court allowed states to resume the death penalty after a four-year hiatus provided they reserve it for the "  worst of the worst " offenders . Wilson hardly exemplifies this principle . Amnesty International has documented several cases in recent years in which prisoners with compelling evidence of "  mental retardation " were executed , and more than 100 cases where prisoners with severe mental illness were put to death . Again , the Supreme Court has failed to hold the states to a reasonable standard despite ruling that the "  insane "  the legal term  must not be executed . Capital punishment is an empty symbol and an outmoded practice . It is expensive , fails to keep us safe and diminishes us all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Moye .	Laura Moye : Supreme Court in 2002 barred death penalty for the "  mentally retarded " Moye : Yet court stood aside as Texas executed man who has the mind of a 7-year-old States can set criteria for "  mental retardation , " and court does n't call them on it , she says Moye : Texas set stereotypical standards , citing character from Steinbeck 's "  Of Mice and Men "
CNN  -- Triathlon has a reputation for being expensive . In fact , the perceived costs are enough to stop some prospective participants from taking up the challenge . There 's no doubt that triathlons are harder on the bank balance than other sports , such as running , soccer , baseball or swimming . But believe me when I say that you do n't need to max out your credit card to do triathlon , to enjoy triathlon and even to succeed in triathlon . In 2007 , I raced my first Ironman on a road bike  not the normal TT bike used for Ironman racing  with regular wheels . I borrowed my friend 's race kit , and wore a $ 20 pair of sunglasses I bought from a gas station in New Zealand three years prior to the race . The most important investment you can make is in the form of hard work , drive and determination . The most important piece of equipment you can have is a huge heart . The most important weapon in triathlon is your mind . 10 ways to act like a champion Having said that , it 's hard to compete in a bike ride without a bike . And race directors are not overly keen on your swimming , biking or running in your birthday suit . So here are a few items that every triathlete , budding or otherwise , needs to be able to train and race in this amazing sport : Goggles : Leaky , ill-fitting goggles can cause panic and discomfort . If possible , try goggles on before you buy them . They should stay on your face , even without the strap . Your eyelashes should n't touch the lenses , and the nose piece should n't cut you like a knife . Slightly tinted goggles are best , as they are suitable for both cloudy and sunny conditions . Wetsuit : Wetsuits are mandatory in some races . They help keep you warm and also provide buoyancy . Ideally , your wetsuit should be swim/triathlon specific , rather than a surf wetsuit . You do n't need to spend a fortune -- some companies offer one-off , monthly or even season rentals . Just make sure you swim in the wetsuit before race day and learn how to get it on and off properly . It needs to be snug , but not too tight or restrictive . Swimcap : These are usually provided by race organizers , but a spare is useful for training and for doubling up if the water is cold . Bike : You need one , but what kind ? Bikes can be few hundred dollars or as much as the price of a car . If you 're just starting triathlon and only planning on doing one or two local events , you can use a beach cruiser , shopper or mountain bike . But if you are thinking of doing more , it 's probably best to buy a road bike -- which you can train , race and even commute on . Secondhand bikes can be a great value , but it 's your responsibility to make sure your bike is roadworthy . Getting a personal "  bike-fit " from a bike shop is worthwhile . Race day tips from an Ironman champ Shoes : Whether you use regular or so-called clipless pedals  a bit of a misnomer , as you actually clip into them  will depend on your cycling experience and confidence . Your choice of pedal determines what shoes you wear . Cleated shoes  these lock onto the pedals  are definitely not essential for those new to cycling . With flat pedals you can use the same shoes for cycling and running . Buy a sturdy running shoe that you can trust that suits your form/biomechanics  a good running shop can help with this  . Helmet : Of course , helmets are a must , but it does n't have to be the all-song-and-dance "  aero " kind . A regular brain bucket will protect your head fine ; just make sure it has passed the necessary safety tests . Race suit : You could wear a pair of shorts and a T-shirt under your wetsuit and keep them on until the finish line . But while not essential , opting for a tri suit in a race enables you to wear the same outfit from start to finish . There are basically two options , a single-piece tri suit , or a two-piece shorts and singlet . Tri training : Taking to open water There are lots of other items that are useful , but not essential , and it 's easy to spend far more than you need to succeed . Start with the gear listed here , and then make sure you can use it . Once you fall in love with the sport , and if your wallet can handle the pressure , you may want to add some optional extras or upgrade what you have . But remember , it 's not all about the gear . It 's about the idea , the plan , the ambition ... . the dream .	Champion Chrissie Wellington did her first Ironman using a friend 's race kit Wetsuits are mandatory in some races ; a good one will keep you warm and provide buoyancy Bikes can be a few hundred dollars or as much as the price of a car
They 've got it all : Free food , fitness facilities , massage rooms , hair dressers , laundry rooms and on-site doctors . Are they Hollywood celebrities ? No , they 're Google employees in Mountain View , south of San Francisco , and if you 're an employee here you 're encouraged to spend 20 % of your time on a project of your choosing . It 's no surprise Google places fourth on the U.S. Fortune ' 100 Best Companies to Work For ' list . First place belongs to SAS , the world 's largest privately held software company which offers free on-site medical care for employees and their families , low-cost high quality child care , a fitness center , library , and summer camp for children of employees . How could this possibly pay off ? "  It pays off spectacularly , " says Milton Moskowitz , journalist and co-author of the Fortune ' 100 Best Companies to Work For ' list since its beginning in 1998 . "  We keep track of stock market performances of companies on this list , and they are consistently outperforming other companies , " he adds . The payoff shows up in increased innovation and productivity , low turnover , low sickness rates , and high employee satisfaction . In a world warring for increasingly sparse talent , a strong employer image is also not to be underestimated . "  It means you can attract and attain some amazing people " , says Laszlo Bock , senior vice president of people operations at Google . "  People who are exceptional and motivated , and who are driven beyond a good job and a paycheck . " "  Employees matter , and the thought that they just ` turn off their lights ' when they come to work is ridiculous " , says Jennifer Mann , vice president of human resources for SAS . "  You are not going to succeed unless you have a stable workforce . Our voluntary turnover is 4 % or less in an average industry of 22 % , and we estimate it is saving the company hundreds of millions in company turnover . " The approach is a far cry from the 1900s sweatshops of the U.S. So , what 's changed ? Perhaps not as much as you might like to think . The companies on this list are "  exceptional , " says Moskowitz . "  They are not the norm . We still have a lot of ground to cover , but 25 years ago it was such a hierarchical business structure and that 's changed a lot . " "  The realization that there is a relationship between employee welfare and productivity is actually not new , " says Daniel A. Wren , author of Evolution of Management Thought . "  Henry Ford tried a workers ' welfare program to deal with high turnover , even paying people $ 5 a day at a time when that was unheard of . Others have tried similar programs . But , we 've come a long way since the backbreaking work of the 1920s . Workers today are smarter , more skilled , more demanding . They want different things . " Research by the Great Place to Work Institute , co-publisher of the Fortune annual list , shows us that today 's employees really do want different things - and it is not in their paychecks . Their work with more than ten million employees worldwide reveals that what people want is : Trust in leadership and each other , pride in their work , enjoyment of the people they work with , and fairness and transparency ; all things that companies like Google and SAS seem to do well . The key to making this approach successful , they say , is a sincere focus on employee wellbeing . "  A lot of companies think , they can fix just one thing , says Mann , who through SAS also works with companies globally to help them create better work environments , "  They think that if they add a healthcare centre then that will do . But it 's a much bigger picture . " Bock agrees , "  The important thing to note is that you do n't need a lot of money to do what Google has done . If you give people freedom , they will amaze you . " So , how can you begin to reap the benefits of a happy staff ? Simple , says Moskowitz : "  Sit down and talk with your employees . Ask them what they want . "	Google employees in Mountain View get free food , fitness facilities and on-site doctors Such pay-offs show up in increased innovation and productivity Today 's employees want more than a paycheck If you give employees freedom , they will surprise you
NASHUA , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The economy in southern New Hampshire is not by any means among the worst in the nation . Still , according to city records , there are 29 foreclosed homes on the books in Nashua -- many of which are in deplorable condition . Walls had been ripped open in this foreclosed home in Atlanta , Georgia . "  This house is not livable right now , " Nelson Ortega , the city 's chief building code inspector , told CNN as he stood in front of a boarded-up single-family home on a residential street in Nashua . The foundation of the house was fractured , Ortega said , and there were cracks and fissures in many of the supporting beams . At the side entrance to the house were broken windows , garbage and peeling paint . In 2006 , Ortega said , the property sold for $ 200,000 . It 's anyone 's guess , he said , what price the home might bring now , if it ever sold . That this foreclosed home might not ever sell was not news to a researcher who lives nearby . "  About a third of all of the foreclosed properties nationwide have been so damaged , either by the previous owners or by criminal gangs coming in after the foreclosure , that they no longer qualify for standard mortgage financing , " Thomas Popik told CNN . "  So there is going to be all kinds of government programs to help , but if they do n't qualify for standard mortgage financing , there 's no one to buy these properties . " Popik says responses from thousands of real estate agents nationwide to the questionnaires he sends out quarterly indicate that badly damaged foreclosed homes -- so-called "  distressed " properties in real estate jargon -- are a much bigger element of the national housing picture than officials in Washington have acknowledged . Popik 's work is under the auspices of Campbell Communications , a Washington-based group that supplies data to private mortgage industry analysts . "  In many cases , it costs so much to rehabilitate these houses , it 's just not cost-effective , " he told CNN . "  And the properties are eventually going to be bulldozed . " In some cities hit harder by the national economic downturn , a quick glance at foreclosed homes paints an even harsher picture . "  A lot of these homes have been vandalized , " Dana Ash , an Atlanta , Georgia , real estate broker , told CNN . She was speaking in front of several foreclosed , boarded-up houses not far from the city 's center . "  They are a little scary going into them , " she said . "  The power is out , a lot of them are boarded up . " A CNN camera crew was allowed into several of the houses . Trash was everywhere ; plaster walls had been ripped open to expose wiring ; and in one case a toilet was dumped on an empty living room floor . The banks that own the properties , Ash told CNN , probably will not simply walk away from the homes . "  Usually abandoning homes means it has n't sold , " she explained . "  They will eventually sell . It will be pennies at best on the dollar , but they will eventually sell . " From his office in New Hampshire , Popik said he is not at all certain of that . "  There are some cases where the properties have been so damaged that it 's not profitable for the mortgage investor , which is a bank , to take title to the property , " he said . The Mortgage Bankers Association told CNN it found no hard evidence of such a trend . Some of the information , a spokesman said , was "  anecdotal , " but there was no data one way or the other yet collected . A spokesman for the Department of Housing and Urban Development in Washington told CNN that unsalable homes are still a relatively small part of the national inventory of foreclosed properties . But , the spokesman added , the worse the economy is in a particular region , the more damaged and vandalized foreclosed homes are likely to be .	Many foreclosed homes are so damaged , they probably wo n't be sold , some say Researcher : One-third of foreclosed homes too damaged for standard financing Many of the houses are "  eventually going to be bulldozed , " researcher says Mortgage Bankers Association says it has no hard evidence of such a trend
CNN  -- Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam has been elected chairman of the Republican Governors Association , replacing New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Susana Martinez of New Mexico will serve as vice chairman . The decision was announced over Twitter during the party 's three-day annual conference in Boca Raton , Florida . Unlike his predecessor , Haslam is known for his drama-free leadership style , and has been described as soft-spoken and mild-mannered . The Tennessee businessman , sports team owner , and former Knoxville mayor was re-elected to his second term as governor in November . Looking ahead , Haslam will face a much smaller election in 2015 than Christie did this past year . Instead of overseeing 36 governor 's races , Haslam will only have to fundraise and campaign for three : in Kentucky , Mississippi and Louisiana . In a statement , Christie praised Haslam as a "  true pioneer . " "  Gov. Haslam is doing what governors are elected to do , " Christie said . "  He has the results to prove it . His guidance will be a tremendous asset to this organization in the coming year . " Haslam 's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month at the Democratic Governors Association annual meeting in Los Angeles .	Haslam replaces New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Haslam is known for his drama-free leadership style Haslam 's Democratic counterpart will be elected next month
The July heat wave that wilted crops , shriveled rivers and fueled wildfires officially went into the books Wednesday as the hottest single month on record for the continental United States . The average temperature across the Lower 48 was 77.6 degrees Fahrenheit , 3.3 degrees above the 20th-century average , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported . That edged out the previous high mark , set in 1936 , by two-tenths of a degree , NOAA said . In addition , the seven months of 2012 to date are the warmest of any year on record and were drier than average as well , NOAA said . U.S. forecasters started keeping records in 1895 . Animated map : U.S. drought in 2012 And the past 12 months have been the warmest of any such period on record , topping a mark set between July 2011 and this past June . Every U.S. state except Washington experienced warmer-than-average temperatures , NOAA reported . The high temperatures have contributed to a "  rapid expansion " of drought across the central United States , NOAA found . Dozens of cities and towns already have seen the mercury hit record levels this summer , and three states -- Nebraska , Kansas and Arkansas -- saw record dry conditions between May and July . That 's battered American farmers ' corn and soybean crops , driven farmers to sell or slaughter cattle they ca n't feed and spurred the U.S. Department of Agriculture to designate more than half of all U.S. counties as disaster zones . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather Past 12 months warmest ever recorded in U.S.	July 's average U.S. temperature topped 20th-century average by more than 3 degrees The first seven months of 2012 are the warmest since record-keeping started in 1895 , NOAA says The high temperatures have contributed to a drought that has battered farmers
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- The United States has concluded Syria carried out chemical weapons attacks against its people , President Barack Obama said Wednesday , a claim that comes amid a looming diplomatic showdown over whether to strike against Bashar al-Assad 's military . Obama 's declaration to "  PBS NewsHour " came at the end of a day that saw Russia and China walk out of a U.N. Security Council meeting as word surfaced Britain planned to pursue a resolution to authorize the use of force against Syria , even as United Nations weapons inspectors were in Syria assessing whether chemical weapons have been used . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . We have concluded that the Syrian government in fact carried these out , " Obama told "  NewsHour . " "  And if that 's so , then there need to be international consequences , " the president added . Obama said that he has "  not made a decision " about whether to conduct a military strike in Syria . Allegations of a chemical weapons attack carried out by al-Assad 's forces in a Damascus suburb last week triggered the international machinations , which have been growing as body counts on both sides in the more-than-2-year-old civil war have increased . Those who claimed to have survived the alleged chemical weapons attack described a horrific scene in the town of Zamalka . "  After the chemicals , they woke us up and told us to put masks on , " a 6-year-old boy said , describing the alleged attack . "  I told my dad I ca n't breathe . My father then fainted and I fainted right after that , but we were found and taken to the emergency room . " CNN obtained video of the boy and others who made the claims to a journalist in the area . Al-Assad 's government has blamed rebels for carrying out the attack , a claim that Obama told PBS was impossible . "  We have looked at all the evidence , and we do not believe the opposition possessed ... chemical weapons of that sort , " he said . "  We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . " In the video obtained by CNN , one man claimed he evacuated two dead bodies during the attack . "  Then there was another explosion . I could n't breathe , I had cramps and I could n't see . The doctors helped me . " The horror of the attack on civilians has jolted the world into potential action on a crisis that has killed more than 100,000 people , according to the United Nations . Last week was not the first time chemical weapons are believed to have been used in the conflict . But it was by far the worst . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ? "  Syria is now undoubtedly the most serious crisis facing the international community , " Lakhdar Brahimi , U.N. and Arab League special envoy to Syria , said Wednesday in Geneva . "  It does seem that some kind of substance was used that killed a lot of people , " he said . The death toll could be in the hundreds , or possibly more than a thousand , he said . Brahimi said the crisis in Syria shows how important it is "  for the Syrians and the international community to really develop the political will to address this issue seriously and look for solutions for it . " NATO also followed suit with a warning of its own Wednesday . "  The Syrian regime maintains custody of stockpiles of chemical weapons . Information available from a wide variety of sources points to the Syrian regime as responsible for the use of chemical weapons in these attacks . This is a clear breach of long-standing international norms and practice . "  Any use of such weapons is unacceptable and can not go unanswered . Those responsible must be held accountable . We consider the use of chemical weapons as a threat to international peace and security , " NATO said in a statement . Some Syrians have told CNN they doubt their government used chemical weapons . ` Not warmongers ' Syrian Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar Jaafari lashed out Wednesday at the warnings and threats . "  We are not warmongers . We are a peaceful nation seeking stability in the area because instability would serve the Israeli interests , " he told reporters at the U.N. headquarters in New York . "  We are in a state of war , " and preparing for the possibility of such a scenario , he said . "  The Syrian government is looking for stability . " Jaafari accused rebels of obtaining material to produce chemical weapons "  from outside powers -- mainly speaking , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar . " Intervening in Middle East turmoil : Mission impossible ? In a letter to the United Nations , Syria asked for the U.N. weapons inspectors to stay in the country beyond their weekend deadline , Jaafari said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon did not address the letter directly but seemed to ask for a reprieve Wednesday for the sake of the inspectors . "  The team needs time to do its job , " he said from The Hague , where he visited the International Criminal Court . He said the inspectors had already collected valuable evidence . ` Groundless excuses ' Russia , a close ally of Syria , is expected to use its veto power to block a resolution , setting up a possible diplomatic showdown . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov insists there is no proof yet Syria 's government is behind the chemical weapons attack . The ministry accused Washington of trying to "  create artificial groundless excuses for military intervention . " "  The West handles the Islamic world the way a monkey handles a grenade , " Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin tweeted . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack China , which also has a permanent seat on the council , would also probably object to military measures . "  It 's time that the United Nations Security Council shouldered its responsibilities on Syria , which for the past two and a half years it 's failed to do , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Wednesday . He added that even if China and Russia veto a resolution , "  We and other nations still have a responsibility " to act . Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , meanwhile , warned of "  graver conditions " if strikes are carried out against Syria . "  If any country attacks another when it wants , that is like the Middle Ages , " he said . Who wants what after chemical weapons horror Syria : Chemical weapons -- how did we get here ? U.S. ruled out ground troops For almost two years , Obama has avoided direct military involvement in Syria 's bloody civil war as the death toll skyrocketed to more than 100,000 , according to U.N. estimates . But Obama had warned that a chemical attack would cross a "  red line . " The White House previously ruled out sending ground troops to Syria or implementing a no-fly zone to blunt al-Assad 's aerial superiority over rebels . Syria strikes could worsen war , analysts say Brahimi said international law requires that that the Security Council approve military action . "  I do know that President Obama and the American administration are not known to be trigger-happy , " he said . "  What they will decide I do n't know . " Outside of the United Nations , a military coalition is taking shape among Western powers . France has also signaled it would join Western military intervention against forces supporting al-Assad . President Francois Hollande said France is "  ready to punish those who made the decision to gas these innocent people . " The French Parliament will hold a session next week to debate the situation in Syria . German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister David Cameron spoke by telephone Wednesday about the crisis . "  Both agreed that comprehensive use of poisoned gas against the Syrian civil population has now been proven sufficiently and that the Syrian regime has these corresponding poisons , the know-how for their use and the carriers to deploy them , " according to a statement released by German spokesman Steffen Seibert . "  Both agreed this is a break in the already long ongoing internal conflict and that it can not continue unpunished therefore an international reaction is inevitable . Both hope no member of the Security Council will close their eyes to this crime against humanity and that the corresponding consequences will be decided . " Britain 's Parliament , meanwhile , is voting on a motion Thursday that would rule out any consideration of possible military action until the United Nations chemical weapons inspectors explain their findings to the U.N. Security Council . After the inspectors have made their findings , members of Parliament would be required to take another vote , according to the motion being put forward . Meanwhile , Iran is sending a delegation to Syria on Saturday to "  study the latest developments , " the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Wednesday , citing a senior parliamentary lawmaker . The visit will examine "  Syria 's conditions and showing support for the Syrian government and nation after the recent US threats , " Seyed Hossein Naqavi Hosseini , parliament 's national security and foreign policy commissioner , told the news agency . Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell Syria diplomacy : Why Jordan wants military meeting to be hush-hush CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Syria . CNN 's Josh Levs and Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield Hamdi Alkhshali , Jomana Karadsheh , Boriana Milanova , Chris Lawrence , Jim Acosta , Samira Said , Joe Sterling , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : Germany and Britain agree "  Syria can not continue unpunished " President Barack Obama says no decision has been made on Syria strike Obama tells PBS that Syria carried out chemical attacks Syria says rebels obtained materials for chemical weapons from other countries
CNN  -- "  Heal those people with your music , your movements within your souls . " It 's a powerful piece of advice that Todd Twala , co-founder of "  Africa Umoja : Spirit of Togetherness , " gives to her cast backstage before their opening show in Atlanta , the second city on their first tour in the United States . Africa Umoja is a celebration of the evolution of South African culture through its history of music and dance . Sharing the joy that comes with overcoming obstacles of poverty in their own lives , the cast , which includes former street children , moves its audiences with explosive energy , earth-shaking beats and endless fun . The show celebrates lives of freedom , and encourages people to move past their differences with love . Joe Theron , one of its producers , describes the show as one that "  intertwines all of the hardships South Africa faced , like apartheid , in a manner where you will never feel oppressed . It 's uplifting . Even in hard times there is always laughter . " Africa Umoja was originally conceived in 1983 as an outreach program that took displaced and impoverished South African children off the streets . Twala and co-founder Thembi Nyandeni retired from dancing professionally in order to create the project . It began as a course teaching children  who later became the show 's original cast  how to sing and dance in traditional ways . Through her training , Twala reminds them to persevere through hardship and "  never , ever give up on life . " Read also : Band keeps youngsters from gang life Thabo Legae , the show 's lead drummer , is just one example of Twala 's encouragement . He says that his career with Umoja "  saved " him from the potential danger that comes with street life , making him a role model for children to make something of themselves , and be grateful for their rich African history . "  Music is life to us , " says Legae . He says playing the drums is a skill he inherited . "  I feel like my ancestors are talking to me when I play them . " With the beat of his drum , he and the cast take audiences through the evolution of their culture , highlighting multiple milestones in South African history . The show begins with the early days of the drum , with tribal dancers wearing traditional skins , leathers and furs . It continues through the oppressive chaos of apartheid in Johannesburg , as adults retreat to dancing in crowded speakeasies , filled with jazz . As times change , the cast reveals the evolution through the post-apartheid era with remnants of the rhythmic tribal sounds in the beats of contemporary urban "  Kwaito " music . Twala says music kept people in South Africa motivated during difficult times . "  It was through music that we kept sane during the apartheid so that we could express ourselves through our bodies and our voices . " She says the beat of the drum is vital part of their culture 's unity : "  The drum is our heartbeat in Africa . I ca n't imagine African people without a drum , its beat reminds us that our hearts beat as one . " Read this : Fight club - boxing gives teenagers hope Having toured close to 50 countries since 2001 , Africa Umoja has jumped into new territory after being sponsored by the International Arts Foundation to embark on its tour of the United States . The crowd-pleasing authenticity of each song at the Atlanta show was indicative of how almost anyone can relate to the emotions that come with their sounds . Every song was representative of the diverse ethnicities in South Africa , and featured about nine different languages . Ancestral legacy is a prominent theme in the show . Theron reflects on how the history of many cultures is often neglected and should not be forgotten . "  As the saying goes : ` If you do n't know where you come from , how do you know where you 're going ? ' " he says . By paying homage to those who have struggled before them , Twala has shaped the theme of the show around keeping their stories alive , helping younger generations to learn about their roots and how their lives have been shaped today . She reminds her cast that their success could not be achieved without struggle . "  They should never forget that somebody sacrificed so that you can get where you are today ... Mandela went through hell and back for us . I would n't have this show if Mandela did n't sacrifice himself for our freedom . " There is a scene dedicated to Nelson Mandela and his work during the apartheid era . "  Long Road to Freedom " is a song written specifically for the show , in his honor . Umoja opened its show in Atlanta on July 18 -- Nelson Mandela 's 95th birthday . Even though the cast have performed for the former South African president in the past , they agree it was a "  special day " they will never forget . Read also : Mandela 's life in poster art The standing ovations were evidence that any experience with Umoja will be unforgettable as they continue to lift spirits and share their joy with one city at a time .	Africa Umoja is an explosive musical stage show , featuring traditional song and dance It started out as a project to help South African street children The show tells South African history , in multiple musical styles It is currently touring United States
CNN  -- "  App " has been a computing term for a lot longer than five years . But , on July 10 , 2008 , it began its journey to becoming a household word . That 's when Apple , a year after launching the iPhone , introduced its App Store to the world . The online marketplace launched with 500 apps , mostly for established Web companies such as Facebook , eBay and Yelp . Today , it has more than 850,000 . And , a couple of months ago , it passed a mind-boggling threshold , marking the 50 billionth app to be downloaded . Apple can no longer claim proprietary ownership of apps , those mini-programs that continue to push the boundaries of what a mobile phone can do . Google launched its own app store , now called Play , less than a year after Apple . Today , it 's on a path toward surpassing Apple 's number of downloads . But the iPhone was the first smartphone most folks ever saw , and the App Store was the accessory that gave it extra usefulness . On this anniversary , we look at five iconic apps that got a huge lift from the App Store and expanded the capabilities of our phones . ` Angry Birds ' Before the App Store , video games were , by and large , for hard-core players with consoles or souped-up PCs . Now the line between who is a gamer and who 's not is blurry -- and millions of people have "  Angry Birds " to thank . The deceptively addictive little game , in which players fling a flock of ... well ... angry birds at their pig nemeses , is the top-selling paid app in the App Store 's history . Since its launch in 2009 , the game has become a franchise , with spinoffs , toys , cartoons and even a movie making up just part of Finnish developer Rovio Entertainment 's furious , feathered empire . Addicted gamers are sweet on ` Candy Crush ' Google Maps With the rise of Google 's Android system as Apple 's chief mobile rival , there 's a certain irony that one of its products was a key to the App Store 's success . But since Google Maps rolled out as a native app for the iPhone , the ability to get directions on the go has become one of mobile computing 's key features .  Does anyone still hand-draw maps ? Yes , there are other map apps out there . But Google 's treasure-trove of data makes its maps a go-to for millions . Witness the mini-disaster Apple had on its hands when it bumped Google 's offering for its own Maps app last year . Apple 's product was so half-baked that CEO Tim Cook , in a rare mea culpa , essentially told users to download Google Maps until it was fixed . How to kickstart your holiday using apps not maps Pandora By 2008 Pandora already had become a popular Web-streaming service , letting users seed their own personal radio stations with bands or songs they liked . But the company was quick to see the potential in mobile computing , and Pandora was among the first apps available when the App Store went live . Since then , it 's become the second-most downloaded iPhone app in the store 's history , trailing only Facebook . Its proof of concept -- that users want to be able to bring their music with them anywhere -- also helped inspire a host of competitors , from Spotify to Rdio to Last.fm . Why everybody 's building a Web music service Instagram Mobile phones , particularly smartphones , made all of us photographers . That 's a huge shift . But , sadly for most of us , it did n't make us all good photographers . Enter Instagram -- with a slate of editing tools and funky filters that can make even the most pedestrian pictures look good . Add to that Instagram 's social features , complete with Twitter-like hashtags , and you 've got a tool tailor-made for mobile . Launched in 2010 by Stanford University students , Instagram now moves about 45 million images every day . Oh ... and those creators also sold it to Facebook last year for a cool $ 1 billion . Instagram launches 15-second video feature Shazam It seems like a little thing , until you stop and think about it : What if your phone could listen to a few seconds of a song , then tell you what it is ? That would have sounded like magic not so many years ago . Now , we take it for granted . Shazam started in the UK in 2002 as a Web service . But it was front and center at the beginning of the mobile revolution , and is now among Apple 's Top 10 downloaded apps , with 350 million users . 20 fun and useful new mobile apps	Apple 's App Store arrived five years ago Users have downloaded more than 50 billion iOS apps Casual game "  Angry Birds " is the store 's top-selling app ever Facebook leads most-popular list of free apps , followed by Pandora
CNN  -- The suspect in the killing of Arkansas real estate agent Beverly Carter was asked this week by reporters : "  Why Beverly ? " Arron Lewis , 33 , answered directly . "  She was a rich broker , " he said . "  Because she was just a woman who worked alone -- a rich broker . " Authorities have said they believe Lewis was a stranger to Carter , 49 , whose body was found Tuesday in a shallow grave near Cabot , about 20 miles northeast of central Little Rock , Arkansas . In other words , she could have been anyone . "  I work as a team with my daughter . I just think it really made it hit home that it could have been her . It could have been me , " said Karen Crowson , a broker and past president of the Arkansas Realtors Association . Across the country , Realtors and agents are reeling in the wake of Carter 's death . Messages to the family have poured in on social media , laced with something in addition to sympathy : a determination to make sure what happened to Carter does n't happen again . "  We 've just gotten lax , " said Crowson , who works for the same firm as Carter did , and knew her . "  We live in the South and tend to think everybody 's a good person . We 're not , by nature , suspicious . " Of course , most of the time , people are good , and everything is fine . "  But it just takes one nut to take away a grandmother and mom , " Crowson said . ` Drastic wake-up call ' Carter 's death has already prompted changes in Crowson 's office . Going forward , the first meeting with a potential buyer will be required to be at the office , she said . Buyers will be asked for a copy of their identification and for some other information . Such steps can help take "  the power away from the criminal , " said Tracey Hawkins , a former agent , and safety and security expert who teaches real estate professionals how to stay safe . She said her services have been in high demand since Carter 's death . "  My fear is , for a while , agents will be all shook up ... but what inevitably happens is everyone gets complacent , " said Hawkins . She mentioned at least six other attacks on agents this year . In one , the agent was raped ; in another , he was beaten . There have been other instances of high-profile killings . In 2011 , 27-year-old Ashley Okland was killed while showing a home in Iowa . A few years earlier , in 2006 , Sarah Anne Walker was stabbed 27 times inside a model home in Texas . Each time an attack makes the news , agents vow to change , and then the momentum is lost . But Hawkins is hopeful . "  This has been a drastic wake-up call , " she said about Carter 's death . "  I think they  agents  are finally realizing the danger is not going away . " ` One 's too many ' Carter was killed in September , "  Realtor Safety Month , " for the National Association of Realtors . The group 's president elect , Chris Polychron , has promised to make safety a priority when he takes office . "  We 're not going to let it die , I can tell you that , " he said . "  It 's sad that it took a tragic death of one of our own to run the red flag up . " The exact details of Carter 's death are not yet known . She called her husband Thursday afternoon to tell him where she would be . When hours went by with no further word , Carl Carter said , he "  knew something was wrong . " He went to the address of the home Beverly Carter was showing and saw her brown Cadillac parked there . Noticing the property was open , the husband entered and searched for his wife without success . "  If we can prevent this from happening to another Realtor or real estate agent , I hope we can do that , " said Polychron . "  One 's too many . "	The death of Beverly Carter , 49 , has resonated among fellow real estate agents One security expert describes it as a "  drastic wake-up call " "  She was just a woman who worked alone -- a rich broker , " suspect says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama commemorated Monday 's 20th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act by signing an executive order to increase government employment of disabled people . "  Not dependence but independence : That 's what the ADA was all about , " Obama said at a White House reception attended by several hundred guests , including Cabinet members , legislators and activists for the disabled . The law , which President George H.W. Bush signed July 26 , 1990 , is credited with smashing barriers and creating opportunities for the disabled in a nation where more than 3 million people 15 and older use wheelchairs . It prohibits discrimination against disabled people , guaranteeing them equal opportunity in employment , transportation , government services and other areas . Although some critics say the act can be burdensome , costly and an overextension of the government 's authority over the private sector , others say it could be stronger . The executive order signed by Obama calls for strategic planning , mandatory training and other steps to increase federal hiring of people with disabilities . In addition , Obama said , the Department of Justice was publishing rules to prohibit disability-based discrimination by state and local governments as well as private businesses . He called the 1990 law "  one of the most comprehensive civil rights bills in the history of this country " and cited examples of people who faced discrimination for their disabilities or overcame them . "  When told you ca n't , you responded with that age-old American creed , ` yes , we can , ' " Obama said ; applause and cheers greeted his 2008 campaign theme . The outdoor commemoration featured a presentation in sign language by actress Marlee Matlin , who starred in the film "  Children of a Lesser God , " and musical performances by Nathaniel Anthony Ayers , the subject of the film "  The Soloist , " and Patti LaBelle . Also Monday , Democratic Rep. James Langevin of Rhode Island , who is a quadriplegic , became the first person in a wheelchair to preside over the House of Representatives . Langevin , who was paralyzed as a teenager , credits the community support he received after his injury with inspiring him to go into public service .	President Obama celebrates the Americans with Disabilities Act He signs an executive order to increase federal hiring of disabled people Several hundred guests attend the White House event
United Nations  CNN  -- The International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N. Security Council that violence continues in Darfur and that the Sudanese president and his government are not cooperating with investigators . Luis Moreno-Ocampo noted positive developments in judicial proceedings and "  fruitful " cooperation with international bodies , but said there still remain many setbacks . He explained that crimes continue in the region , including "  indiscriminate bombings of civilians ... rapes and sexual violence " and the "  use of child soldiers . " Moreno-Ocampo also highlighted Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir 's role in the situation . "  Any leader committing crimes will face justice . Power does not provide immunity . " Al-Bashir has refused to appoint a lawyer to represent his position in court and , because of the ICC-issued warrant for his arrest , has not risked traveling to attend high-level events such as the U.N. General Assembly or a meeting held by the Organization of the Islamic Conference , or to other countries where it had been thought he might go , such as Uganda , Nigeria and Venezuela . Moreno-Ocampo said respect for the International Criminal Court 's decision to issue the warrant would send a clear message that al-Bashir "  will face justice . " "  There was no immunity for President -LSB- Slobodan -RSB- Milosevic -LSB- of the former Yugoslavia -RSB- , there was no immunity for Prime Minister -LSB- Jean -RSB- Kambanda -LSB- of Rwanda -RSB- , there was no immunity for President -LSB- Charles -RSB- Taylor -LSB- of Liberia -RSB- , " he said . Instead of complying with the Security Council , al-Bashir has used the Sudanese state apparatus "  to commit massive crimes " and has attempted to "  exacerbate " the conflict in the South as means of shifting the international community 's attention away from Darfur , Moreno-Ocampo said . He also accused al-Bashir of "  stopping information about the crimes " rather than stopping the crimes themselves . Deputy U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Rosemary DiCarlo called on the Sudanese government to fully cooperate with the International Criminal Court and its investigations as called for in Security Council Resolution 1593 . "  The United States believes that those responsible for the atrocities in Darfur must be held accountable " as they "  affect the stability of Sudan as a whole , " she said . DiCarlo said the ongoing violence in Darfur undermines "  an already fragile humanitarian situation " and urged all states "  to refrain from providing political or financial support " to those charged by the International Criminal Court . Moreno-Ocampo said his office was considering holding responsible Sudanese officials "  who actively deny and dissimulate crimes . " "  Since Nuremberg , due obedience is no longer a legal excuse " for the facilitation of such criminal acts , he said . Sudanese Ambassador Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad responded by calling Moreno-Ocampo a "  mercenary of death and destruction , " back once more to spread his "  illusions " and "  catastrophic vision . " "  This is a big lie . The war in Darfur is over , " he said . Mohamad turned to those in the Security Council who asked for justice , and said they "  should feel ashamed " and that their "  credibility is at stake , if they have any . " The Sudanese ambassador said Moreno-Ocampo "  would like to prolong the suffering of our people , " and said , "  We will charge him with political prostitution . " Reiterating his role as prosecutor is "  to investigate and prosecute to contribute to the prevention of future crimes , " Moreno-Ocampo said he is "  ready to answer any challenge in court . " However , he acknowledged he would need the Security Council 's full support "  to end the current crimes against the people from Darfur . "	The International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor reported Friday to the U.N. Security Council Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo says violence continues in Darfur Moreno-Ocampo also highlighted Sudanese president 's role in the situation International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrant for Sudan 's president
CNN  -- As millions of Americans think about how they can do better in 2014 through their New Year resolutions , President Obama might want to make a few of his own . Although it is true that the president has faced a horrendous political environment -- filled with tea party Republicans intent on obstructing every proposal and media that are often too willing to report dubious facts -- Obama has not made his situation much easier for himself . In a number of areas , he might think about strategies that can improve his political standing and put him in a better position for the political fights over immigration , the budget , climate change and foreign policy that loom ahead . Treat your Democrats well : President Obama has not taken enough care of Democrats on Capitol Hill . Throughout the year , Democrats have continued to express frustration with the White House for putting them into extraordinarily difficult political situations and sometimes leaving them to stand alone as they face the fallout . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was reportedly angry with the president for failing to give his caucus any credit for helping him to get out of the jam with the health care website . "  I did communicate to him , " Reid told The Hill , "  that there have been things done by the White House that improved the health care bill , and those fixes were suggested originally by my senators , and they got no credit for it . I thought that was improper . " Last week , House Democrat John Lewis criticized the administration for not listening to the advice of civil rights leaders regarding appointments for the federal bench in Georgia . This story fits a familiar pattern that has created ongoing tensions with Capitol Hill since 2009 . Obama needs to remember that his fate is closely tied to the Democrats on Capitol Hill -- Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi should be his best friends -- and he needs them to help him in his struggles with Republicans . Sweat the small stuff : There is considerable evidence that President Obama seems uninterested with detail . His major concern is in the big picture , trying to find ways to achieve his long-term policy goals , whether that be a diplomatic solution to the nuclear buildup in the Middle East or achieving health care reform , without as much interest in the nitty-gritty of how these policies will happen . It is true that any president needs to keep his eye on the big picture in order to avoid the fate of President Jimmy Carter , who became so mired in the minutiae of policy that he lost his ability to lead the nation through crisis . But as former Secretary of State Colin Powell says in his famous presentation about leadership , "  Check the small things . The devil is in the details ; sometimes the solution to a sticky problem , too . Do n't sweat the small stuff , but do n't ignore it , either . " The dangers of President Obama 's approach became apparent with the rollout of health care reform , in which the president and his team were not on top of the details of implementation in the weeks leading up to the launch of the website , and they allowed technical mistakes to turn into a huge political fiasco . The continual delays over implementing other parts of the program have also caused huge embarrassment and offered fodder to his political enemies . The President ca n't afford for this to happen again . He will need to hold more of his staff accountable for these kinds of mistakes , bringing in some fresh voices , as he has done with John Podesta , and getting rid of those who have made huge mistakes . He needs to realize that making sure that the small stuff is in order is essential to big achievements . Control the conversation : For a president who is as professorial as Barack Obama , it is difficult to accept the harsh reality of the media world within which Washington operates . It is an environment where spurious information goes viral and political rhetoric appears as fact . The blogosphere makes it difficult for producers and editors to control the flow of information , while the plethora of partisan reporting and commentary makes it nearly impossible for consumers of the news to separate fact from fiction . President Obama 's outlook has been to sit back and allow the truth to find its way to the surface . He has maintained a steadfast determination that , given the facts , Americans will reach the right decision . But in our political world , this just does n't happen . The result has been that his opponents have been remarkably effective at shaping the national dialogue over public policy . President Obama has been forced to constantly play defense , to explain his failures and to dig himself out of holes rather than spending time talking about what he has done and what else he hopes to accomplish . Re-energize the grass roots : When Obama started on his road to the White House , he thrived on the energy and support he received from average Americans who were inspired by his call for a new kind of politics and his determination to have a campaign that was built from the bottom up . The local networks of campaign supporters spread the word about who this candidate was while raising money and motivating voters to line up behind his campaign . The enthusiasm and energy of his grass-roots supporters have grown weak . Many of his supporters have become disillusioned with a president who seemed far too much like other politicians and who abandoned some of his key promises in areas like national security . The revelations about the NSA surveillance program were a huge blow to these constituencies . This is most notable with younger Americans , once enamored with the president but now disillusioned by broken promises on issues such as civil liberties and a still-difficult economy . With the 2014 midterms as a focal point , the President should get back to communicating with grass-roots Americans and shaping the agenda of his final years in office based on some of the issues they feel have been sidetracked in the past few years . Focus , focus , focus : Over the past year , the President has frequently moved from one subject to another without a clear rhyme or reason . One of the few areas where a president has control is over his or her own agenda . During the President 's first few years , he had a laser-like focus on health care , financial reform and the economy . On foreign policy , he spoke to the world about improving America 's relations overseas . That kind of focus , however , has largely disappeared . President Obama has delivered some important speeches , such as his address on inequality , but quickly moved on to other issues rather than follow through . Throughout the battles over the budget , the president turned from one crisis to the next without stopping and really putting forth a clear vision and set of priorities in response to the austerity zeal of the GOP . He has allowed his opponents to define the agenda , as opposed to the White House . Even when Secretary of State John Kerry moved aggressively to put into place diplomatic solutions to nuclear threats , President Obama seemed to follow his lead rather than outline this as a priority in foreign affairs . Obama would do well to stick to a few subjects , to articulate the direction he hopes to take the nation and move forward methodically to make sure they come to fruition . Resolutions are easy to make but difficult to follow . In the world of politics , the stakes of sticking with those promises are big . Given the tremendous difficulties that this president has faced and the dire approval ratings he is seeing , it is time for President Obama to double down and make certain that he does everything possible to put himself in a position to strengthen his presidency , his party and his nation in his final years in the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama should adopt resolutions for 2014 He says the White House should work more closely in coordination with Hill Democrats Obama should focus on setting agenda , details of policy and quality of staff work , he says Zelizer : Obama should aim to recapture enthusiasm he stirred in grass roots
CNN  -- The English Premier League  EPL  have confirmed they will vehemently oppose a new move by a supporters ' association to bring back standing at football matches . Following the 1989 Hillsborough disaster , when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death on terracing , it was made law in England for all top-flight stadiums to be made all-seater -- although terraces are still common place in the lower divisions . However , many supporters believe that the banning of standing up at football grounds has resulted in the atmosphere becoming diluted -- prompting the 180,000-member Football Supporters ' Federation  FSF  to launch an online petition calling for the return of standing areas in the top division . Speaking to the official English Premier League website , EPL spokesman Dan Johnson said : "  Our view is that the benefits of all-seater stadia far outweigh the return of standing areas . "  They have led to more women and children attending the games and , no matter how safe standiing can be made , seating is always safer . We will not be encouraging the Government to change the law , " he added . The FSF held a meeting on Monday with representatives from the police , the Government and footballing authorities , with their chairman Malcolm Clarke arguing that many fans still stand up despite having a seat . However , British Sport 's Minister Hugh Robertson told the meeting : "  Should we return to terracing , then the first time there is any significant crowd trouble , or an accident , the minister 's head would be on a spike at Tower Bridge before he could draft a resignation letter ! " The FSF has cited the German Bundesliga , where terraces are widespread , resulting in packed stadia and cheaper tickets , as a good example of how standing can be safer at matches . Standing is also still very much evident in Argentina and Brazil , where the most fervent supporters adorn their own respective terraces in club colours , making for a noisy , passionate , and at times , intimidating atmosphere .	The English Premier League oppose a petition to bring back standing at matches The Football Supporters ' Federation want to see terracing return to top flight games The 1989 Hillsborough disaster resulted in all-seater stadia being made compulsory
Alcohol . Bond 's alcohol . The British spy James Bond may routinely get himself out of dangerous situations with skill and charm , but his body may be suffering all the while because of his drinking habits . British researchers predict he could die from alcohol-related causes , such as liver damage , by age 56 . Scientists wanted to examine just how much alcohol the famous fictional secret agent consumes , and what effect that could have on his health . They published a study , led by Graham Johnson of the emergency department of Royal Derby Hospital , in the British Medical Journal 's Christmas edition , which features a variety of offbeat research papers . Researchers found Bond 's weekly alcohol consumption totaled 92 units a week , which is more than four times what doctors recommend . A real person would not be able to carry out such complicated tasks and function as well as Bond does while maintaining such habits , they conclude . A unit of alcohol is defined as 10 milliliters or 8 grams of pure ethanol in the United Kingdom . For some perspective on that , a bottle of wine is nine units , and a pint of beer is three , according to this study . The finding of 92 units a week could actually be the low end of the truth , as studies have shown that "  people generally underestimate their alcohol consumption by about 30 % , " the study said , noting other research has demonstrated that health surveys do n't account for about half of all alcohol sold . In other words , Bond may be drinking much more than the large quantities portrayed in the books . "  We advise an immediate referral for further assessment and treatment , " the study authors wrote , as well as "  a reduction in alcohol to safe levels . " 10 hotels featured in James Bond movies Two study authors analyzed all 14 original James Bond books by Ian Fleming , focusing on the number of days on which alcohol-related events were described . But each of them only read half the books , representing a shortcoming of the study , which was conducted in "  the study authors ' homes , in a comfy chair . " They found that in "  From Russia with Love , " on the third day of the story , Bond drank about 50 units of alcohol -- the highest daily consumption in the collection of stories . It also appears that the spy 's alcohol intake dropped around the middle of his career , but then picked back up gradually toward the end . "  This consistent but variable lifetime drinking pattern has been reported in patients with alcoholic liver disease , " study authors wrote . Note that researchers did not analyze the Bond films , only the books , so the precise level of alcoholism that Bond portrays on the big screen is an open question . James Bond 50th anniversary coverage About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use , the study said . The cause of alcohol-related death is most often injury , liver cirrhosis , poisoning and malignancy . A real person who drank as much as Bond , more than 60 grams of alcohol per day , would be in the highest risk group for malignancies , depression , hypertension and cirrhosis and could also suffer sexual dysfunction . Early death would be likely for the spy as a result of such rampant alcohol consumption , researchers said . Fleming , the author who created the Bond character , and frequently drank and smoked tobacco , died at age 56 of heart disease . "  We suspect that Bond 's life expectancy would be similar , " the researchers wrote . Alcoholism may even be responsible for Bond 's famous catchphrase "  vodka martini -- shaken , not stirred . " This may have health-related implications , too . Study authors posit that if Bond 's alcohol consumption in the books is so chronic and excessive , he may be suffering from an alcohol-induced tremor . Chronic exposure to alcohol can damage a part of the brain called the cerebellum , which can lead to a tremor . This suggests -- and of course , this is only speculation -- that perhaps Bond ca n't actually stir his drinks . James Bond submarine car sells for $ 920,000 Is Bond the man with the golden liver ? "  In Casino Royale he drinks over 39 units before engaging in a high-speed car chase , losing control , and spending 14 days in hospital , " study authors wrote . "  We hope that this was a salutatory lesson . " And yet , Bond kept drinking in subsequent novels . There 's plenty of opportunity for another installment : "  From Rehab With Love . "	Study looked at 14 James Bond novels About 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use Researchers project Bond could die at age 56 because of alcohol use
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor David Arquette ended a one-month stint in a rehab facility , his representative said Sunday . "  He has left after completing treatment , " Arquette representative Cindy Guagenti said . Arquette , who split from wife Courteney Cox in October , entered a live-in rehab facility over the New Year 's weekend , his rep said at the time . Cox and Arquette were married for 11 years and have a 6-year-old daughter , Coco . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Arquette entered rehab over the New Year 's weekend The actor has completed his treatment , his rep says
CNN  -- Keeping global warming down to a level people can live with means cutting carbon emissions to "  near zero " by the end of the century , even in an increasingly industrialized world , the top U.N. experts on the issue reported Sunday . That may be doable , but it will take "  substantial investments " in everything from planting more trees to replacing fossil fuels with low-carbon power sources like solar , wind and nuclear energy , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change announced in its latest report . "  What this report clearly shows is that the challenges to resolve the global common problem are huge , " said Ottmar Edenhofer , a German economist and one of the lead authors of Sunday 's document . "  But also this report shows that there are some steps to resolve this issue . I would say in that sense the report also outlines the challenges , but it provides hope -- modest hope . " Jennifer Morgan , the director of the Climate and Energy Program at the World Resources Institute , agreed . "  The report shows that the scale of change require to tackle climate change is massive , but the ability to solve it is possible , " she said Sunday . "  We need to do it quickly , before it will get so expensive to respond that we may hit the points of no return . " Little time left to turn down the world 's heat , U.N. says ` Substantial investments ' Edenhofer 's modest hope will require more than tripling the share of electricity produced by renewable sources or nuclear power , along with refining the still-evolving technology of capturing carbon emissions and storing them underground . And it will take a coordinated global effort , likely including taxes on emissions , he said . No direct price tag was attached to that scenario , but Edenhofer said it would require "  substantial investments , " and more delays just drive up the expected cost . The impact could amount to shaving the projected average growth of the global economy by six-hundredths of a percentage point -- from about 2 % per year to 1.94 % -- over the coming century . The total global economy was about $ 72 trillion in 2012 , according to World Bank figures . "  We are clearly arguing that achieving these goals is a huge technological and institutional challenge . We are not saying this is a free lunch , " Edenhofer told reporters from Berlin , where the final document was approved over the weekend . "  Climate policy is not a free lunch , " he said . "  But climate policy could be a lunch worthwhile to buy . " In the United States , the second-biggest producer of greenhouse gases , a boom in natural gas along with conservation efforts , more renewable energy and a steep recession combined to reduce carbon emissions by about 10 % in the last decade . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who in February called the issue "  the greatest challenge of our generation , " said Sunday 's report is an economic opportunity . "  So many of the technologies that will help us fight climate change are far cheaper , more readily available , and better performing than they were when the last IPCC assessment was released less than a decade ago , " Kerry said in a written statement . "  These technologies can cut carbon pollution while growing economic opportunity at the same time . The global energy market represents a $ 6 trillion opportunity , with 6 billion users around the world . " Minds must change , supporter says But addressing the issue involves more than technological changes , said Morgan , who worked as a review editor for one of the chapters of the report . "  It is about shift of mindsets of political leaders and business leaders to step it up and have the will to implement changes , " she said . Despite more than two decades of efforts to restrain carbon emissions , not only are emissions still going up , they 're going up faster than ever , Edenhofer said . Though there 's been an increased emphasis on generating power from renewable sources , the use of coal has gone up in the past 10 years , he said . Limiting the projected increase in global average temperatures to 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees F  over preindustrial times will require cutting emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases by 40 % to 70 % by 2050 "  and to near zero by the end of this century , " the IPCC concluded . Sunday 's report is the third part of a benchmark U.N. assessment that comes out every six years . The first , in September , reaffirmed the science behind the warming of the planet ; the second , at the end of March , warned that chances to limit the increase in temperatures are slipping away , with the world 's poor expected to bear the worst of the effects . Morgan said it will be important to craft solutions that are fair and take care of those people who are being impacted already or soon will be . Blueprint for national leaders The reports are aimed at guiding world leaders as the United Nations attempts to work out a new treaty to limit emissions in 2015 . Previous rounds of talks have been strained by disputes among the biggest emitters -- China , the United States and European countries -- and poorer countries whose populations could see the worst impacts first . About half of the carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere since the dawn of the industrial age has been produced since 1990 , the scientists behind Sunday 's report concluded . On the current path , global average temperatures could go up anywhere from 3.7 to 4.8 degrees C  6.7 to 8.6 F  over preindustrial levels by 2100 . That would produce a world with higher sea levels , deeper droughts and more intense storms , along with oceans made more acidic by the absorption of carbon dioxide , with impacts on vital marine life that "  we can not estimate at this point in time , " IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri said . There 's "  a broad set of technologies " that could be deployed to head off that future , Edenhofer said -- many of which are listed in the report . And the document points to potential benefits of the effort , including cleaner air and healthier populations . One of the most controversial is carbon capture and sequestration technology , which would reduce smokestack emissions and put the carbon dioxide in storage . But the technology is expensive . "  It 's not fully proved yet in terms of being commercially viable , but it looks like it has the most promise of all , because it can be coupled with lots of sources of carbon dioxide and essentially be used to neutralize them , " said Charles Kolstad , a report co-author and an environmental economist at Stanford University . If paired with renewable bioenergy sources , it could lead to net negative emissions , he said . Act now , environmentalists say Other leaders of some of the world 's biggest environmental groups called the report a positive one . "  The IPCC is clear that acting on climate change is possible , beneficial and affordable , " said Samantha Smith , the head of the World Wildlife Fund 's climate and energy program . "  If we act now , costs will be only a very small fraction of global economies . Those who say it 's too hard and too expensive are wrong . " She said the report should convince investors "  to pull your money out of dirty fossil fuels and put it into renewable energy and energy efficiency . " Morgan said individuals can also do that by seeking greener power sources and ways to save energy , and by keeping a close eye on where they invest their 401  k  plans and other savings vehicles . She also said it would be a a challenge for her organization to make sure that people see there is still hope . "  There is a chance that their children wo n't have to deal with this problem , " she said . Carbon dioxide benchmark hits new heights , worries scientists Opinion : Is it time for international agreements to recognize national laws ? CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : John Kerry calls the report a wake-up call to an economic opportunity NEW : Environmentalist says political will must change too U.N. panel holds out "  modest hope " of heading off most global warming Sunday 's report is the latest in a benchmark U.N. assessment of climate change
Koro , Uganda  CNN  -- One of the abducted boys featured in the viral video demanding the capture of infamous warlord Joseph Kony is now a man and says the time for justice has arrived . Jacob Acaye , now 21 , revisited the village where he was abducted by Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army to tell why Kony 's crimes should not be forgotten . His story has touched millions since it was featured in "  Kony 2012 , " a video from the Invisible Children charity that created a global online buzz and renewed public interest in capturing Kony . Critics have questioned the film 's accuracy and warned that it oversimplified the situation in Uganda . Kony first unleashed his fury in eastern Africa more than two decades ago and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . The LRA terrorized Uganda in a brutal campaign against the government and civilian population . Since 2006 , when it was pushed out of northern Uganda , it has largely operated in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Central African Republic . Invisible Children aimed to make Kony a household name and drum up global support to end the murders , rapes , abductions and other abuses committed by the LRA . Acaye -- sitting a few meters from where he was abducted -- told CNN : "  Whenever a brother is in a problem , whenever anybody is in a problem , it should get the attention of everyone in the world . "  It has been going on for the last 26 years . It shows that we are failing to solve it . And if there are any means that someone can help and it goes to end , then why not Americans get involved . "  For me the criticism -LSB- of "  Kony 2012 " -RSB- is unfair , because if I am to say it is fair then I would n't be here . Right now I would n't have been able to go to school . You would n't have been able to speak to me right now because I had no hope in my life . I reached even a point when I said , ' I can even die now ' because I thought it would be the immediate resolution of my suffering , you know . " Acaye 's home was Koro , a small dusty village -- a handful of circular huts off the main north-south road . There is little more than a track through the village and the occasional cockerel wanders from hut to hut . As Acaye squatted down on the edge of Koro he said he has watched an earlier version of the Kony film , but added "  It brings -LSB- back -RSB- a lot of memories . Sometimes I get sad when I watch it . " LRA rebels raided Koro in the middle of the night , smashing down the door in the hut where he was sleeping . He says they took 40 children that night . Acaye said his brother tried to escape the LRA but was captured and executed . It was the sight of his brother being killed that made Acaye realize he had no choice but to try to escape . He managed to reach the town of Gulu , about 11 kilometers  7 miles  from his village , and a shelter where he found safety . Now , after more than five years of peace in Northern Uganda many wonder if the online movie highlighting Kony 's crimes is too late . Acaye is now chasing the childhood ambition he thought was lost forever -- studying law in Uganda 's capital , Kampala . He says the LRA has left his village but justice must be done .	A man abducted as a boy by the Lord 's Resistance Army says it 's time to bring its leader Joseph Kony to justice Jacob Acaye was featured in the film "  Kony 2012 " which has renewed public interest in the Ugandan warlord He took CNN to a village near Gulu town to show the hut from where he was abducted by the LRA He successfully escaped after watching his brother be executed for a failed escape attempt
CNN  -- A major winter storm bore down on the Great Plains on Wednesday night with the Minneapolis , Minnesota , area "  right in the teeth " of it , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  There 's potential for the northwest part of the city to see an almost record-breaking snow event , " Myers said . The rest of the city could see about a foot of snow , he said . Winds could gusts 40 to 50 miles per hour , creating blizzard-like conditions for hours , he said . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for central and southern Minnesota and portions of west-central Wisconsin starting Wednesday night through Christmas . "  Strong north winds will develop , causing widespread blowing and heavy drifting snow , " the Weather Service said . Visibility will be near zero at times . The inclement weather is the second major storm system to hit the United States in a week . Last week , a nor'easter blanketed a swath of the East Coast in snow , forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights over the weekend . The Weather Service said Wednesday heavy snow will hit central South Dakota . "  Gusty northwest winds " are expected with and "  frigid wind chill readings " across the plains of western South Dakota . In Chicago , Illinois , a mix of rain , ice and snow caused Southwest Airlines to cancel departures for much of Wednesday afternoon before resuming take-offs , according to CNN affiliate WLS-TV in Chicago . "  Well , I 'm disappointed , " stranded traveler Araceli Martinez told WLS . "  Pretty sad we 're going to have to sleep here . " The airline stopped its planes from flying from 1 to 4 p.m. before getting back on schedule , according to WLS . Holiday travelers in the Denver , Colorado , area , left earlier than they planned because of the threat of inclement weather , according to CNN affiliate 7NEWS in Denver . "  We thought maybe we would go tomorrow , but we decided tonight was probably going to be better weather than tomorrow or tomorrow night , " Scott Aldridge , who was traveling from Greeley to Meeker on Tuesday night to spend Christmas with relatives , told 7NEWS . In Texas , a tornado watch was in effect for all of East Texas late Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate KLTV in Tyler , Texas . Kevin Brownlee , public information officer for the Longview , Texas Police Department , said a tornado touched down south of Highway 80 . "  We 've got several businesses there that have sustained major building damage , " he said , including FedEx and Maid-Rite . Although no injuries were reported , Brownlee said , the tornado caused "  high wind damage , some water damage . " The weather caused several road closures because debris and downed power lines , Brownlee said . In addition to isolated tornadoes , scattered thunderstorms were expected to continue throughout the evening with the possibility of large hail stones and wind gusts , KLTV said .	NEW : Tornado rips through Longview , Texas , downing power lines CNN 's Chad Myers says parts of Minneapolis could see "  an almost record-breaking snow event " Heavy snow , "  gusty northwest winds " to hit parts of South Dakota Chicago , Illinois , and Denver , Colorado , also scramble because of weather threat
CNN  -- Launch of the space shuttle Discovery has been delayed at least a week , NASA has announced . Discovery moves atop the crawler transporter in Cape Canaveral , Florida , on January 14 . The shuttle will now lift off no earlier than February 19 because of concern over a valve in the main engine . A decision on the launch date will be made February 12 , after more analysis and testing of the part . NASA said Tuesday night : "  The valve is one of three that channels gaseous hydrogen from the engines to the external fuel tank . One of these valves in shuttle Endeavour was found to be damaged after its mission in November . As a precaution , Discovery 's valves were removed , inspected and reinstalled . " This will be the shuttle 's 28th mission to the international space station . The mission will deliver the final set of solar arrays needed to complete the station 's complement of electricity-generating solar panels . They will help support the station 's expanded crew of six in 2009 . "  More crew means that we 'll have to run more life support equipment , more crew support equipment -- toilet facilities , water processing equipment and all of that stuff , " Kwatsi Alibaruho , the lead space station flight director for the mission , said on NASA 's Web site . "  We 'll have to run more of all of that , so we need additional power . " The expanded capacity will mean more hands to perform science experiments . The mission also will include four spacewalks .	Discovery will lift off no earlier than February 19 , NASA says Space agency concerned about a valve in the main engine This will be the shuttle 's 28th mission to the international space station The mission will deliver the final set of solar arrays for the station
CNN  -- When Rob Portman signed on to the Mitt Romney campaign in January 2012 , he was seen as a key supporter -- a rising star in the Republican Party , a swing state campaigner and a staunch conservative who could protect Romney on the right . For the next 11 months , Portman zipped around the country , pitching the candidate he said was "  exactly what our nation needs . " The Ohio senator 's hard-nosed approach landed him on Romney 's vice presidential short list . He was even vetted for the job . The Romney campaign was undoubtedly the height of Portman 's political career . After he failed to deliver his state and Romney lost the election , Portman stepped out of the limelight and remained relatively quiet on Capitol Hill as President Barack Obama settled in for a second term . Until Friday . That 's when Portman , a former White House budget director , was thrust into the divisive national debate when he publicly acknowledged that he had changed his mind on same-sex marriage . "  I 'm announcing today a change of heart on an issue that a lot of people feel strongly about that has to do with gay couples ' opportunity to marry , " Portman told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash two years after learning his son , Will , was gay . Will Portman ` especially proud ' of father "  I 've come to the conclusion that for me , personally , I think this is something that we should allow people to do , to get married , and to have the joy and stability of marriage that I 've had for over 26 years . That I want all of my children to have , including our son , who is gay , " Portman said . Portman is an unexpected advocate for same-sex marriage -- and he admitted as much in the interview . "  What happened to me is really personal , " Portman said . "  I mean , I had n't thought a lot about this issue . Again , my focus has been on other issues over my public policy career . " Even though he is seen as a social conservative , someone whose social policy is deeply rooted in his Christian faith , Portman is noticeably out of his comfort zone in this discussion . It is budget and tax issues , not marriage and sexuality , that he is better known for . Portman was first elected to the Senate in 2010 after receiving little challenge from Democrat Lee Fisher for a seat vacated by Republican George Voinovich . While there , he has pushed fiscal issues , including a balanced budget amendment . This focus tracks with Portman 's past . His first foray into elected office was when he won a House seat in 1993 , representing Ohio 's 2nd Congressional District . Portman stirs mixed reaction with same-sex marriage reversal In that role , he began to hone his expertise on budget and fiscal issues . During his 12 years in the House , Portman sat on the Ways and Means and Budget committees -- two powerful budget and tax-writing panels -- and co-chaired the National Commission on Restructuring the Internal Revenue Service . His expertise was noticed by the George W. Bush White House . Bush made Portman the U.S. trade representative in 2005 and he became the Republican president 's budget director the next year . The job required Portman to dive into the esoteric world of federal spending . On his website , Portman describes himself as "  a deficit hawk " that proposed "  a balanced budget , " fought "  irresponsible earmarks " and advocated for more transparency . Not everyone agrees with that assessment , however . Portman was only at the budget office for a year where he worked with the White House on its fiscal 2008 budget -- a document that led to a deficit of $ 459 billion . When Portman was rumored as a possible vice presidential candidate for Romney , nearly all Democratic operatives attacked him for his time as Bush 's top budget deputy . Many said he portrayed himself as a deficit hawk , but did n't live up to those ideals when he worked for the White House . Greg Schultz , the Ohio state director for Obama 's 2012 campaign , stressed these critiques in a blog post for the campaign . "  As one of the architects of the top-down Bush budget , Portman practically invented the policies that punished middle-class families while exploding the deficit , and crashing our economy , " Schultz wrote . Portman , in the middle of the presidential campaign , even tried to distance himself from the Bush administration . "  I was frustrated when I was there about some spending issues â $ " specifically , as you know , I wanted to offer a balanced budget over five years , and a lot of people did n't , " Portman said in an interview with the Hill Magazine . "  I prevailed . The president sent his budget â $ " not my budget , his budget â $ " a five-year balanced budget . But it was a fight , internally . "	Republican Rob Portman reverses course , now supports same-sex marriage Portman said he had "  change of heart " when he learned his son was gay Senator has long been respected in Washington as budget , tax expert Campaigned hard for Mitt Romney , but could n't deliver Ohio in 2012 for GOP
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed 12 militants in Pakistan 's volatile tribal area late Saturday , officials told CNN . Two intelligence officials say a militant hideout was targeted by a missile in the village of Issori in North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan . Officials asked to not be named because they were not allowed to talk to the media .	NEW : Suspected U.S. drone kills 12 militants in Pakistan 's tribal region The target was a militant hideout in North Waziristan , officials say
CNN  Imagine sitting on a dusty , busy street in New Delhi , crowded with vendors and people running quickly about the market . A woman 's lapis-colored sari swishes past you in the golden-colored dusk . You 've been here since morning . A tourist extends a hand with a crumpled paper bill . You try to lift your hand to accept , but you ca n't . The muscles are paralyzed , and your mind ca n't command them to move . You use your knee to balance your arm and grasp the rupee . Then you use your foot to pick up your bag and head home for the day . This is everyday life for Bipin Kumar . Kumar , known as BK , contracted polio as a child , and he has learned to adapt to how he moves and lives . Kumar has no brothers or father to provide for him , so he moved to New Delhi 10 years ago to pursue the only means of income he could -- begging on the streets . Photographer Elena del Estal was in India last year when the World Health Organization announced that polio had officially been eradicated from the country . It had been exactly three years since the last contracted case . Del Estal was fascinated by this . She could n't help but wonder about those already living with the crippling effects of this horrible disease . She traveled to a small village near Kolkata to meet a little girl who was India 's last case of polio . This gave her the inspiration to begin a long-term project on those suffering in a country that 's now "  polio-free . " First she met a boy named Dharmender who lived in Uttar Pradesh , a state in northern India . Even though his village was poor , his family took good care of him . Del Estal spent time with him and accompanied him during a surgical procedure in New Delhi . She said that while Dharmender is very fortunate to have the opportunity for surgery , he will still never have a "  normal " life . "  His daily life is hard . ... Everybody around him was working and having a family , and he can not have this , " Del Estal said . "  So on one hand , it 's  a  hard situation , and on the other hand , it 's easier than the other boy I met . " She 's speaking of Kumar , the young man who moved to New Delhi to support himself and his elderly mother back home in a village up north . Del Estal first met Kumar when she was wrapping up the first segment of her project . From the beginning , she said , he was very trusting , allowing her into his daily life . Del Estal was intent on capturing an authentic portrayal of Kumar 's life -- the everyday logistics of moving through a city without one 's limbs at command . She said she was amazed at how adept he was at maneuvering his world . He could carry notebooks with his neck , grasp a pencil in between his clutched fingers , smoke a cigarette using his feet and prop his arms on his knees to move them forward . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Between the two of them -- Del Estal speaking a little Hindi and Kumar speaking a little English -- they wove a patchwork language of friendship and understanding . Kumar told her of his love interest -- a girl who had feelings for him as well -- but her parents would never allow their union . Del Estal said that while Kumar wants a job , employment is next to impossible for someone in his condition . But his spirit is tenacious . He knows how to read and write and he is skilled at taking care of himself . Before heading to the main bazaar in New Delhi every day , he washes and dresses himself . There are no days off for him . As shops open and tourists fumble through a foreign world in flip-flops and Bermuda shorts , Kumar positions himself in a visible location and smiles and greets everyone who passes with , "  Namaste . " Del Estal has been so impacted by his friendship that she said her next plans are to do a project on his life . "  I want to go to his village to meet his mother and keep taking pictures about his life because he is such a beautiful person , " she said . "  It 's such a sad  circumstance  yet amazing life . I want to keep documenting his  story  . " Elena del Estal is a Spanish photographer based in India .	In March of last year , it was announced that polio had been eradicated in India Photographer Elena del Estal could n't help but wonder about those already living with the disease
Grunge and glam rock are among the genres that got the nod from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as it announced its inductees for 2014 . The final choices , announced Tuesday , include angst-ridden alternative rockers Nirvana and big-haired , makeup-slathered pop metal band KISS . They are joined by blue-eyed-soul hitmakers Hall and Oates , experimental artist Peter Gabriel , pop star Linda Ronstadt and folk singer Cat Stevens . Between them , the new inductees boast an impressive array of chart success and critical plaudits . Hall and Oates , Gabriel and Ronstadt have all hit No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . Ronstadt , Nirvana and KISS have each sold more than 20 million albums . The legacy of Nirvana , who almost unwittingly brought grunge into the mainstream in the early 1990s , has been described as "  one of the most influential in rock & roll history , " by Allmusic.com 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine . The group 's sound -- "  both fiery and melodic , " per Erlewine -- proved irresistible to many rock fans , most notably with the breakthrough album "  Nevermind . " But the band 's story is shrouded in sadness after lead singer Kurt Cobain , who suffered from depression and drug addiction , killed himself in 1994 . Gabriel , the winner of multiple Grammy Awards , has been acclaimed for exploring electronic and world music in his varied solo career . Genesis , the progressive rock group he led in the 1970s , was already inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2010 . KISS may have received mixed responses from the critics during its 1970s heyday . But the extravagantly outfitted group built a roaring fan base called the "  KISS Army " on the back of incessant touring , pyrotechnic stage shows and several hit albums . Hard rock fans may be less impressed by the gentler sounds of some of the other inductees . Ronstadt , who emerged from the Los Angeles folk scene in the late 1960s , went on to have a glittering career that spanned a variety of styles , including country , new wave and Latin music . She won a raft of Grammy Awards and sold at least 30 million albums . Earlier this year , she told AARP that she was suffering from Parkinson 's disease and could no longer "  sing a note . " British singer-songwriter Cat Stevens crafted a string of popular songs for himself and others throughout the 1970s . With hits like "  Wild World " and "  Peace Train , " he became a leading figure in the folk-rock scene of that era and has sold more than 15 million albums . In 1977 , he made headlines by converting to Islam and changing his name to Yusuf Islam . He stepped away from the limelight of the music business for more than 20 years , before eventually returning to touring and recording . Daryl Hall and John Oates peppered the charts with hits during the 1970s and '80s , chalking up six number one singles and six platinum albums . The popularity of their blend of smooth R&B and punchy rock made them one of the most successful pop duos of all time , selling more than 13 million albums . The artists ' induction ceremony into the Hall of Fame will take place April 10 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York . Fans were able to participate in the selection of the inductees through voting . The top five artists from online public voting made it onto a "  fans ' ballot " that was tallied along with the other ballots for the Class of 2014 . The inductees were chosen by a secret ballot of 600 voters , a group that includes previous inductees , music industry veterans , historians and critics . Of the five artists on the fans ' ballot , three made the final cut of inductees , the Hall of Fame said . Some popular acts listed among the 16 nominees in October failed to find their way into the Hall of Fame this time around . Those who missed out include disco dynamos Chic , college radio heroes the Replacements , New Orleans funkmeisters the Meters and pioneering gangsta rappers N.W.A. . Last year 's class of inductees included Rush , Randy Newman , Public Enemy , Donna Summer and Quincy Jones . Alongside the six acts in the performer category for 2014 , the work of Beatles manager Brian Epstein and Rolling Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham were selected for the Ahmet Ertegun Award , which recognizes recording industry professionals "  who have had a major influence on the development of rock and roll . " The Hall of Fame chose Bruce Springsteen 's backup group The E Street Band for the Award for Musical Excellence . Springsteen was inducted in 1999 .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame picks six performers as 2014 inductees They are Nirvana , KISS , Linda Ronstadt , Peter Gabriel , Hall and Oates and Cat Stevens The induction ceremony will take place this April in New York Brian Epstein , Andrew Loog Oldham and The E Street Band also will receive honors
CNN  -- Thirty years ago , 909 Americans were led to their death by the Rev. Jim Jones in a mass murder-suicide pact in a South American jungle , shortly after Jones ' gunmen killed a visiting U.S. congressman and four others at a nearby airstrip . One-third of the victims were children . Many were killed by Jones ' aides , who squirted cyanide down their throats . Of the nearly 1,000 church members who began the day in Jonestown , a cult commune , only 33 survived to see the next day . The following is a thumbnail history of the Jonestown tragedy on Nov. 18 , 1978 : What happened ? More than 900 Americans died in a South American jungle upon the orders of Rev. Jim Jones , who had tried to create a socialist paradise that survivors called a slave camp . What led up to this ? When California Rep. Leo Ryan arrived on a one-man investigative mission , bringing along a TV camera crew and various reporters , 15 church members asked to leave with him . Jones sent gunmen to a nearby airstrip , where they killed Ryan , an NBC correspondent and his cameraman , a newspaper photographer and one of the departing family members . Who was Jim Jones ? He was a self-appointed minister from a small town in the Midwest , who first led his flock to California , where he hoped to avoid fallout from a possible nuclear war . He then moved his people to Guyana when he came under criticism for church beatings and financial abuses . Where did the money come from ? Jones was a phony faith healer , and much of his money came in mail-order donations from the desperate . Elderly members handed over their Social Security checks , working adults gave 25 percent of their wages to the church and some signed over all their property . Government investigators would later find at least $ 10 million in Swiss banks , mainly in Panama . Another $ 1 million in cash was recovered in Jonestown . Did anyone survive ? Thirty-three people who began that day in Jonestown escaped with their lives . There were two main groups of survivors . Eleven people , four of them small children , walked almost 30 miles through the jungle to another town . Fourteen departing church members lived through the airport ambush -- five of them youngsters who were lost for three days when they ran into the jungle to hide . See list of survivors What happened to the killers ? All but one of the airport gunmen died in the mass suicide . Larry Layton , who posed as a defector , was captured after badly wounding two people inside a plane trying to take off . He was not paroled from an American prison until 2002 . How did Jones die ? He did not drink the cyanide . He was shot in the head , probably by a trusted aide , at the very end . His body was among the first to be identified -- through fingerprints that had been taken after a vice squad arrest five years earlier in the men 's room of a Los Angeles movie theater . What is left of Jonestown today ? Nothing . The settlement has disappeared , the buildings dismantled and carried away by native Indians . Jungle weeds and trees have overgrown the area again . The only notable relic left to be found are the remains of one small rusting garden tractor . What persists is simply silence .	In 1978 , 909 Americans were led to mass murder-suicide by Rev. Jim Jones One-third of the dead at Jonestown were children ; only 33 people survived Jones was a self-appointed minister and phony faith healer from the Midwest Unlike his followers , Jones was shot in the head , probably by a trusted aide
CNN  -- Li Na 's French Open title defense came to a shock end on Monday as the Chinese tennis star followed world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in exiting the clay-court grand slam . With second-ranked Maria Sharapova struggling into the quarterfinals with a labored victory , the way is open for the lesser lights of the women 's game to make a name for themselves . Li had been hoping to become the first player since Justine Henin in 2007 to successfully defend her title , but the world No. 7 lost 3-6 6-2 6-0 to Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova -- ranked 135 places below her . "  I lost one match so do n't try to put me down , " she said angrily at the post-match press conference . "  I will try to find the reason why I lost . I will take some days off to totally forget tennis , then try to come back next week . I need some time to recover , I 'm not a machine . " Sharapova also battled with the cold , windy conditions at Roland Garros as her serve fell apart and she made a series of unforced errors before finally beating unseeded Czech Klara Zakopalova 6-4 6-7  5-7  6-2 . The Russian is seeking to win the tournament for the first time , having reached the semifinals last year and in 2007 , and she will displace Azarenka at the top of the rankings if she makes it to the title match . She has not won a grand slam since 2008 , when she added the Australian Open to her U.S. Open and Wimbledon crowns . The 25-year-old has resurrected her career after longterm shoulder problems , but major doubts remain about the consistency and strength of her serve -- which let her down in last year 's Wimbledon final defeat by Petra Kvitova and again in the title match against Azarenka in Melbourne in January . The match with Zakopalova featured an incredible 21 breaks of service as Sharapova delivered 12 double-faults to her opponent 's seven and 53 unforced errors to the 30-year-old 's 48 . "  The conditions were difficult today , but it was a good test , " said Sharapova , who lost only five games in her previous three matches . "  I had the chance to finish it in two . I came out strong in the third set and it 's nice to be in the quarters again . " Sharapova will next face Estonian 23rd seed Kaia Kanepi , who upset former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in round three and then beat unseeded Dutchwoman Arantxa Rus on Monday . Kanepi won 6-1 4-6 6-0 against the 21-year-old conqueror of Germany 's No. 25 Julia Gorges to match her 2008 effort of reaching the quarters . Shvedova 's reward for toppling Li is a clash with Czech fourth seed Kvitova , who thrashed Uzbekistan-born American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1 to reach the event 's last eight for the first time . The 24-year-old Shvedova also reached quarterfinals in Paris in 2010 , when she won grand slam doubles titles at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open . However , she was a first-round loser here last year and then at Wimbledon and missed the other two majors as she struggled with injuries . After Sharapova and Kvitova , the highest-ranked player remaining in the last eight is U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur . The sixth-seeded Australian , who was runner-up in Paris in 2010 , will next face Azarenka 's conqueror Dominika Cibulkova . Tuesday 's other quarterfinal will be between German 10th seed Angelique Kerber and Italy 's No. 21 Sara Errani .	French Open champion Li Na loses to world No. 142 in the fourth round Kazakh qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova moves into the quarterfinals in Paris World No. 2 Maria Sharapova battles into the last eight with three-set win Russian will go top of the rankings if she reaches the title match
CNN  -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama hammered away at each other 's judgment on the economy , domestic policy and foreign affairs as they faced off in their second presidential debate . Obama tried to tie McCain to President Bush 's "  failed " policies , while McCain pushed his image as a "  consistent reformer " at the debate , which took place at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee . The debate was set up as a town hall meeting , and the audience was made up of undecided voters . Obama and McCain fielded questions from the crowd , Internet participants and moderator Tom Brokaw of NBC News . The candidates spoke directly to each other at times , but at other times they spoke as if their opponent were not on the same stage , a few feet away . Debate report card In comparison to the first debate , Tuesday 's event -- which came on the heels of several days of increasingly aggressive attacks from both sides -- took on a more contentious tone . On foreign policy , McCain charged that Obama "  does not understand " the country 's national security challenges . McCain said he knows how to handle foreign affairs and questioned Obama 's ability to do so . Analysts weigh in on the debate " "  Sen. Obama was wrong about Iraq and the surge . He was wrong about Russia when they committed aggression against Georgia . And in his short career , he does not understand our national security challenges , " McCain said . "  We do n't have time for on-the-job training , my friends . " McCain said the "  challenge " facing a president considering using military force "  is to know when to go in and when not . " "  My judgment is something that I think I have a record to stand on , " McCain said . Video highlights of key moments " Obama shot back and questioned McCain 's judgment in supporting the invasion of Iraq . "  When Sen. McCain was cheerleading the president to go into Iraq , he suggested it was going to be quick and easy , we 'd be greeted as liberators , " he said . "  That was the wrong judgment , and it 's been costly to us . " The candidates spent about 30 minutes of the debate focusing on foreign affairs . They spoke about the economy for about 45 minutes and spent 15 minutes discussing domestic issues . See scenes from the debate " A national poll of debate watchers suggested that Obama won the presidential debate . Post-debate poll Fifty-four percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released 30 minutes after the end of the debate said that Obama did the best job , while 30 percent said McCain performed better . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone with 675 adult Americans who watched the debate . All interviews were taken after the end of the debate . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 4 percentage points . iReport.com : Tell us who you think won round two At the start of the debate , Obama said the country is in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . He blamed President Bush and McCain for the crisis , saying they had worked to "  strip away regulation . " Bush : The elephant in the room McCain said the system in Washington "  cries out for bipartisanship " and pushed his record as a reformer . He proposed having the government buy up and renegotiate bad home loans to stabilize the property market . He admitted the plan would be expensive but said it was necessary . Watch McCain talk about his plan for the economy " The Arizona senator also hammered away at his rival 's tax policies , saying that "  nailing down Sen. Obama 's various tax proposals is like nailing Jell-O to the wall . " Watch McCain slam Obama 's tax plan " McCain charged that "  Obama 's secret that you do n't know " is that he would increase taxes on small business revenue , which he said would lead to job cuts . Fact check : Did Obama vote 94 times for higher taxes Obama shot back , saying "  the Straight Talk Express lost a wheel on that one . " "  Let 's be clear about my tax plan and Sen. McCain 's , " he said . "  I want to provide a tax cut for 95 percent of Americans . " Watch Obama talk about his plan for the middle class " The candidates talked about their plans to revamp the health care system . Obama said the country has a "  moral commitment as well as an economic imperative " to address the health care problem . The Illinois senator said health care is a "  crushing burden " for small businesses and is "  breaking family budgets . " Obama said health care was a "  right , " while McCain said it was a "  responsibility . " Watch the candidates debate health care " Obama and McCain both proposed computerizing medical records to reduce costs and limit errors . Obama 's health care plan includes the creation of a national health insurance program for individuals who do not have employer-provided health care and who do not qualify for other existing federal programs . His plan does not mandate individual coverage for all Americans , but requires coverage for all children . McCain opposes federally mandated universal coverage . He believes competition will improve the quality of health insurance . McCain says he would reform the tax code to offer choices beyond employee-based health insurance coverage . McCain argued that Obama 's plan included fines for small businesses that did not insure their employees , while his was based on "  choice " rather than "  mandates . " Immediately after the debate , Obama 's campaign highlighted a moment when McCain sought to criticize Obama for supporting the 2007 Bush-Cheney energy bill : "  It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate , loaded down with goodies , billions for the oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney , " McCain said . "  You know who voted for it ? You might never know . That one . You know who voted against it ? Me . " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton immediately e-mailed reporters noting McCain 's seemingly peculiar reference to the Illinois senator . "  Did John McCain just refer to Obama as ` that one ? ' " Burton asked . Obama campaign highlights ` that one ' McCain and Obama will face off for a third and final time next Wednesday at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York .	Barack Obama , John McCain spend half of debate discussing economy McCain pushes reformer image ; Obama ties McCain to Bush Obama , McCain question each other 's judgment Debate set up like a town hall , with audience of uncommitted voters
Burbank , California  CNN  -- Off the beaten path of the Los Angeles theater district , troubadours are resurrecting Shakespeare in an adaptation that would make the Bard smile . The Troubadour Theater Company has melded "  Two Gentlemen of Verona " with song and dance performed to music by the band Chicago and has rendered an energetic , comedic romp entitled "  Two Gentlemen of Chicago . " Troupes and their adaptations of "  Bardolatry , " as George Bernard Shaw coined it , come and go , riffing endlessly on Shakespeare 's tragedies and comedies , always searching for ways to breathe new life into the iambic pentameter of 500 years ago . But the Troubadour Theater Company , performing at Hollywood producer Garry Marshall 's Falcon Theatre in Burbank , has come upon an entertaining formula . The performers use live music , choreography , improvisation , audience interaction , and no small measure of humor and farce to create an evening of engagement and laughter . Much of the troupe 's magic comes from its improv , and performers apparently play pranks on one another , such as in one scene when Matt Walker 's Proteus toasts Rob Nagle 's Valentine -- with real booze , not some liquid stage prop . "  Oh , got the real thing ! " Walker says , nearly choking , during the March 17 performance . "  On St. Patrick 's Day , no less . "  Walker , who trained at improv mecca Second City , also directs the show . Other improvisations are equally witty . When Rick Batalla 's Thurio flubs a line , Beth Kennedy 's Launce jests him : "  Thurio , you are n't sharp enough -- especially with your lines . "  Kennedy is also the show 's producing director . That may be a bit unfair to Batalla , whose talents include playing the guitar and singing . The integration of Chicago 's ballads , played lived by seven musicians , makes for a nice fit in the romantic comedy narrative . Add in the troupe 's choreography , and the production is more than just a "  free-wheeling , no holds barred ... slapstick " that the stagebill touts . The show opens when Proteus and Valentine have had enough of another "  Saturday in the Park , " a Chicago standard . Later , both men fight over Sylvia by serenading her as "  You 're the Inspiration , " a popular Chicago ballad . Among the show stealers are Kennedy 's clownish Launce and his dog , Crab , which is a loveable pug . It 's always high risk to bring an animal into a live performance -- for who knows what could go wrong -- but Kennedy is happy to improvise and highlight the what-will-the-dog-do-next suspense . Kennedy and Crab amaze the audience by exchanging between themselves a high-five -- and then a low-five . When Crab turns his rump to the audience , with his tail high in the air center stage , Kennedy admonishes the animal with what everyone is looking at but is too polite to express : "  Why , you 're showing them your evil eye ! "  I 'm so sorry , " Kennedy tells the gallery , all laughing . The Troubadour Theater Company 's "  Two Gentlemen of Chicago " runs through April 22 at the Falcon Theatre in Burbank , California .	"  Two Gentlemen of Chicago " is an adaptation of Shakespeare 's "  Two Gentlemen of Verona " Song and dance in the production is set to the music of the band Chicago
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a celebration -- sun , fun and relaxation on a tropical island for recent graduates savoring the heady taste of approaching adulthood . But instead , the trip to Aruba by a group of Birmingham , Alabama , high school seniors ended in tragedy , as one of their members , 18-year-old Natalee Holloway , never returned home . Questions surrounding her fate are unanswered five years later . Now , Joran van der Sloot , the youth twice arrested and released in Holloway 's disappearance -- seen by many as a privileged playboy who has displayed no remorse or concern over her whereabouts -- has been named a suspect in the stabbing death of a woman in Peru , allegations that hint at a chilling pattern . Holloway was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham . Holloway failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room . Van der Sloot and the Kalpoes were arrested and released in 2005 in connection with the case , then arrested a second time in 2007 after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor Hans Mos said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , then attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths writing that she was dead -- was not enough to keep them in custody . In the years since Holloway vanished , van der Sloot has consistently denied any involvement in her disappearance , police said . "  He 's just totally , totally dragged us all through hell , " Holloway 's anguished mother , Beth Twitty , has said . In 2008 , a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he thought was a friend he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lose consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not rescuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway in the boat , van der Sloot said , and he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it into the ocean . "  I do n't lose a minute of sleep over it , " van der Sloot said . He later claimed the account was a lie , saying he told the man what he wanted to hear . A court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruba chief prosecutor Peter Blanken said the story was "  unbelievable and not true . " But it 's been van der Sloot 's cavalier attitude toward the case that has fueled criticism , as well as conflicting statements he 's made . He told Fox News in a 2008 interview he sold Holloway to human traffickers for $ 10,000 , then in a taped interview denied it . At the time his name first surfaced in the Holloway investigation , suspicion swirled around his parents , particularly his father , an Aruban lawyer training to be a judge . Paul van der Sloot was briefly taken into custody in 2005 on suspicion of involvement in the Holloway case . Authorities said he told his son that police had no case without a body . He was released after three days of questioning . Holloway 's parents , however , have said they met with Paul van der Sloot and continue to believe he had the answers to questions regarding their daughter . "  I remember the day I met with Paul at the prison , " Dave Holloway has said . "  And the thing that stuck out in my mind was I asked him all the questions , why he hid from the news media . And the last question that I had was , was he involved , and he said no . He said , ` Dave , I can understand your position , but you 've got to understand mine . Joran 's my son and I 'll do everything I can to protect him . ' And I believe it . " Van der Sloot 's mother , Anita , has said her son told her he was on the beach with Holloway but left her there because she wanted to stay . She has maintained her son 's innocence . MORE	Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway disappeared in 2005 on Aruba Joran van der Sloot arrested twice , never charged Critics see youth as privileged playboy Has told conflicting stories in Holloway case
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Starbucks has not only helped popularize coffee in China , it 's also aiming to bring Chinese coffee to the world . "  Starbucks , for the first time in our 40-year history , is going to start growing coffee , " CEO Howard Schultz said while on a trip to Beijing . "  We 're going to actually plant trees and grow coffee in China , in the Yunnan Province . " The U.S.-based chain is making what Schultz calls "  a comprehensive strategic commitment to doing business in China , in a way that 's locally relevant . " Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia , owing to the southern province 's fertile soil , weather and water . Starbucks is working with Yunnan 's provincial government "  to share our coffee knowledge , to help Yunnan continue to develop into a top-quality coffee-growing region and bring the distinctive Yunnan coffee taste to our customers around the world , " Schultz said . The chain will help develop and operate a farm and processing facilities in Yunnan , the company says , and will also work with area farmers to boost their crop 's yield and quality . "  We 've discovered a part of the area there that can produce the world 's best coffee , " the CEO said . "  And in three to four years , we will bring coffee from Yunnan to the world . " In a country full of tea drinkers , Starbucks is making good progress , Schultz said . "  We 've been here for 12 years now , with 400 stores in the mainland , 800 stores in greater China , " he said . As far as what 's driving business in China , Schultz said , "  Obviously , there 's a tremendous size , in terms of the aspirational middle class , the numbers of people who have access to disposable income . And also they 're quite familiar with western brands . One of the things that surprised us the most is how aware they were of Starbucks before we got here . "  And how fast they embrace change is another thing that has really surprised us . People were drinking black coffee when we got here . Now they are drinking cafe latte and cappuccinos and Frappuccinos , " Schultz said . "  China is going to be the fastest-growing , biggest market for the future of Starbucks , outside of North America , " he added .	Starbucks expects to start exporting Yunnan beans in three or four years Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia The region can produce the world 's best coffee , Starbucks ' CEO says The chain has 800 stores in greater China
Washington  CNN  -- A liberal advocacy group is blaming Republicans for the Ebola crisis in a new ad that will first air on TV in Kentucky next weekend . The Agenda Project released an ad online late Sunday that interlaces self-described "  disturbing footages of the Ebola outbreak " with a mash-up of top Republicans -- including those tied up in crucial midterm contests and potential 2016 candidates -- saying the word "  cut . " The ad describes how the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention saw its discretionary funding cut by $ 585 million from 2010 to 2014 and the National Institute for Health has faced $ 446 million in cuts during the same period . The group plans to continue to play up public fears over the Ebola virus in the final weeks leading up to the midterms and will modify the ad with state-specific versions to hit Republican Senate candidates like Iowa 's Joni Ernst and North Carolina 's Thom Tillis who want to cut federal government spending , the group 's founder and president Erica Payne said . Payne called the ad an "  indictment " of Republican policies that have "  led directly to thousands of deaths overseas " and said the ad is not "  sensationalized " or "  aggressive . " "  People should be deathly afraid of Republican policies , " Payne said in an interview Monday , adding that the link between the Ebola crisis and the Republican focus on cutting government spending is "  really straightforward . " Complete coverage of the Ebola outbreak Responding to the ad , a spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee said the best way to fix the federal government is to remove "  Democrats from the driver 's seat in the Senate . " "  It 's odd in that the Democrats blaming Washington for Ebola have controlled Washington for the last six years , " he said . Both the CDC and NIH were impacted by the sequester , across-the-board spending cuts that went into effect in 2013 when Republicans and Democrats in Congress could not come to an agreement on specific cuts that would offset the automatic slashing . The ad , "  Republican Cuts Kill , " ties Republicans to the Ebola outbreak , which has killed more than 4,000 people in West Africa , but only one person in the United States . Payne said that there 's "  no question " that the Ebola death on U.S. soil would not have happened if Republicans were n't so focused on cutting government spending . "  These people 's anti-government fever has reached such a level that it is damaging to our country 's ability to deal with this kind of issue , " Payne said . "  We 're here because of them . " The ad , which the group said will make its debut on Kentucky airwaves this weekend , opens with a clip of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who would likely become majority leader if Republicans take back the Senate next month . "  Washington actually can cut spending , " McConnell says at the start of the ad . McConnell is n't the only Senate contender featured in the ad . Reps. Bill Cassidy and Tom Cotton , who are vying to unseat the Democratic incumbent in Louisiana and Arkansas , respectively , also pop up in the spot . Ebola becomes an election issue Pat Roberts , the senator from Kansas who is facing independent businessman Greg Orman , also flashes across the screen . The group plans to expand the ad to high airwaves in Senate races in South Dakota , North Carolina , Iowa and Kansas , Payne said . And the liberal group also attacks potential 2016 presidential contenders , with Govs. Rick Perry and Chris Christie , Sens. Rand Paul and Marco Rubio as well as Reps. Paul Ryan and Michele Bachmann making an appearance alongside clips documenting the Ebola outbreak . Paul 's spokesman , Brian Darling , blasted the Agenda Project for being "  a shadowy group of progressive political hit men " and said they "  should be ashamed of themselves for blaming a whole political party for the Ebola virus . " The organization itself is no stranger to controversy having been behind the 2011 ad that appears to show Rep. Paul Ryan  R-Wis .  pushing an elderly woman in an wheelchair off a cliff . The ad is n't the first time midterm politics have gotten an injection of Ebola . Republican candidate for Senate in New Hampshire Scott Brown also used the deadly disease to attack incumbent Sen. Jeanne Shaheen for not securing the U.S. 's southern border . GOP stokes border fears over Ebola , ISIS Tillis also said the U.S. should tighten border security to prevent an Ebola outbreak in the U.S. in a debate last week against Sen. Kay Hagan . Arkansas Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor also made Ebola the focus of an ad attacking his challenger , Rep. Tom Cotton , for voting against a pandemic preparedeness bill .  Cotton actually voted for the final version of the bill . Sen. Bob Casey , a Pennsylvania Democrat , said Monday on CNN the public health system needs more resources to confront Ebola and that Congress should have never cut public health funding over the last several years . "  Especially when it comes to public health , sequestration is a bad idea and should be repealed , " Casey said . "  Congress has to take responsibility for a program that needs a lot more funding . " Democratic senator ca n't judge Obama 's Ebola handling Congress will debate and vote on the budget for the next fiscal year in the coming weeks , which Casey called "  an opportunity in the Congress to get this right . " He is calling for adding at least $ 120 million to the public health budget . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a Democrat from Maryland , also linked spending cuts and the Ebola outbreak in an interview with CNN on Thursday . "  There 's no doubt the deep health care cuts that we 've seen have made it more difficult to respond in a rapid and comprehensive way to the Ebola outbreak , " Van Hollen said . "  The cuts they 've seen in past years , they were like eroding the foundation and it clearly meant that they were starting from behind , " And Anthony Fauci , director of the NIH 's National Insitutte of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said during a recent Congressional hearing that spending cuts have had "  a significant impact on us " that has "  eroded our ability to respond in the way that I and my colleagues would like to see us be able to respond to these emerging threats . " Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	The liberal advocacy group mixes footage of the Ebola outbreak with Republicans saying the word "  cut " . The group 's president blamed Republicans for the Ebola crisis and "  thousands of deaths " . The group is planning to run the ad in states with competitive 2014 Senate races .
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- In the face of deadly violence gripping the east of his country , Ukraine 's Prime Minister had a defiant message for his fellow countrymen and women Saturday on the eve of national elections : We are going to the polls . Voters will be choosing a president to lead their country , Arseniy Yatsenyuk said , "  for whose freedom , prosperity , European future , the Ukrainians are paying the highest price -- the price of their own lives . " This means , he said , in a statement posted on the interim government 's website that "  the choice we make on Sunday and the responsibility of each of us is even higher . " The presidential election is being held amid ongoing separatist violence in eastern Ukraine , centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Voters will choose a successor for ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in a country riven by Russia 's takeover of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula and aggression blamed on pro-Russian factions . Increasingly bloody clashes this week have raised the question of whether pro-Russian forces are trying to disrupt the election -- a move that the United States and its European allies say could trigger tougher sanctions on Moscow . The pro-Russia militants who control a swath of Donetsk and Luhansk have held a referendum on independence and refuse to accept the legitimacy of the government or the presidential election . But Yatsenyuk insisted that Ukrainians would have their say Sunday at the polls . "  Tomorrow we will prove to the whole world , and first of all to ourselves , that it is not possible to intimidate us , that we are going to decide ourselves how to rebuild our home and how to work in it , " he said . "  But we have fought for these elections . We are defending our land , restoring our military , rebuilding the destroyed industry , destroying the schemes that had been washing billions out of the country ; we are learning to control the power and laying the ground for further development , " he said . Ukraine 's ` Chocolate King ' aims for top job Election interference investigated The Prosecutor General 's office said Saturday it was investigating 83 cases of alleged interference in the election process in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Police chief Volodymyr Grynyuk of the Interior Ministry said district and local election commissions in 12 regions nationwide were under protection as of Saturday , according to the Cabinet press office . Of the 34 district election commissions set up in Donetsk and Luhansk , half are out of action because buildings have been seized by separatists and equipment destroyed , it said . But ballot papers have still been delivered to those regions . The self-declared mayor of rebel stronghold Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , has said that anyone who tries to vote in the presidential election will be arrested . And according to protesters speaking Saturday outside the headquarters of the self-declared "  Donetsk People 's Republic , " as well as the body 's Twitter account , Donetsk and Luhansk have united to form a new separatist republic called "  Novorossiya . " The government in Kiev , which launched an "  anti-terrorist operation " against the separatists , has so far been unable to dislodge them from the towns and cities they hold . But Yatsenyuk suggested their days in charge were numbered . "  I would like to assure our compatriots in Donetsk and Luhansk regions , who will be prevented from coming to the polling stations by the war waged against Ukraine : The criminals do n't have much time left to terrorize your land , " he said . Overall , 600 crimes have been registered in relation to separatist activity , threats to the country 's integrity , terrorism and financing terrorist activities , the Prosecutor General 's office said . More than 100 people have been detained . Russian recognition Russia 's President Vladimir Putin on Friday told an economic forum in St. Petersburg that he would respect the will of Ukraine 's voters in Sunday 's election . But he reiterated Russia 's assertion that according to Ukraine 's Constitution , the ousted Yanukovych remains the nation 's legitimate president and questioned whether the election should be held now , given the violence in eastern Ukraine . The front-runner in the presidential contest is billionaire businessman and politician Petro Poroshenko . Speaking Saturday , Putin again addressed the issue of Russia 's natural gas supply to Europe , much of which flows through Ukraine . Moscow has said Kiev owes Russian energy giant Gazprom $ 3.5 billion for natural gas and warned that any disruption to supplies will be Ukraine 's fault . "  We are seriously concerned by the statements of some of the Ukrainian radicals and their direct threats to interfere with the transit of the Russian gas to Europe and we hope that common sense will prevail and that wo n't happen , " Putin said . Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Meshkov said Friday that Russia would decide whether or not to recognize the Ukraine vote only after it takes place , according to state media . U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently said that disruption of the Ukraine vote by Russia would bring further sanctions targeting specific sectors of the Russian economy . So far , U.S. and European sanctions have targeted individuals and some banks and other entities Kiev and Western powers have accused Russia of coordinating and supporting the unrest . Russia denies direct involvement with or influence on the separatist groups . Valentyn Nalyvaychenko , the head of Ukraine 's security service , said Friday that no military operations were planned for the election , but alternative secure voting places would be arranged for some people in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions because of the separatist threat . On Friday , Ponomaryov , in Slovyansk , showed a CNN crew missile launchers known as man-portable air defense systems that he said were obtained on the black market in the 1990s and now could be used on Ukrainian military aircraft in the event of civil war . Luhansk , Donetsk clashes As tensions simmer ahead of the vote , at least 32 people were killed and 44 injured in clashes Thursday between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists in the Luhansk region , according to the country 's anti-terror office spokesman , Vladislav Seleznev . Thirty pro-Russian separatists and two Ukrainian soldiers were among the dead , while the injured included 37 separatists and seven Ukrainian soldiers , Seleznev said Friday . Ukraine 's defense ministry said 20 separatists died , with more than 30 wounded . The reports could not be independently confirmed , and some previous casualty claims by Ukrainian sources have proven unreliable . On Friday , pro-Ukrainian militias heading to shut down a pro-Russian checkpoint in Donetsk region came under attack , according to a regional Ukrainian authority and the chief of staff of one of the groups , called Right Sector . The Donetsk regional authority said one person died and nine were wounded , while the Right Sector official said four pro-Ukrainian fighters were trapped and may have been killed or captured . There were no further details on the affiliations of the casualties , and the reports also could not be independently confirmed . Ukraine 's Security Service said Saturday that border guards this week had detained an alleged Russian national who told them he was a sniper under orders to join militia groups and target Ukrainian soldiers . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Slovyansk and journalist Victoria Butenko from Kiev , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Prosecutor General 's office probes suspected election interference in eastern Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says Ukrainians will show they can not be intimidated "  We are defending our land , " says Yatsenyuk of Sunday 's presidential vote The election is taking place despite the separatist unrest gripping eastern Ukraine
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI refused Wednesday to soften the Vatican 's ban on condom use as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope . Cameroonian President Paul Biya , left , walks with Pope Benedict XVI at the airport in Yaounde , Tuesday . He landed in Cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to Angola . Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world , according to the United Nations and World Health Organization . There has been fierce debate between those who advocate the use of condoms to help stop the spread of the epidemic and those who oppose it . The pontiff reiterated the Vatican 's policy on condom use as he flew from Rome to Yaounde , the capital of Cameroon , CNN Vatican analyst John Allen said . Pope Benedict has always made it clear he intends to uphold the traditional Catholic teaching on artificial contraception -- a "  clear moral prohibition " -- Allen said . But his remarks Tuesday were among the first times he stated the policy explicitly since he became pope nearly four years ago . He has , however , assembled a panel of scientists and theologians to consider the narrow question of whether to allow condoms for married couples , one of whom has HIV , the virus that causes AIDS . It is still not clear how the pope will rule on the matter , said Allen , who is also a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter . The Catholic Church has long been on the front line of HIV care , he said , adding that it is probably the largest private provider of HIV care in the world . More than 22 million people in sub-Saharan Africa are infected with HIV , according to a 2008 UNAIDS/WHO report . Nine out of 10 children with HIV in the world live in the region , which has 11.4 million orphans because of AIDS , the report said , and 1.5 million people there died of the disease in 2007 .	Pope Benedict XVI refuses to soften the Vatican 's ban on condom use He made comments as he arrived in Africa for his first visit to the continent as pope He is visiting Cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to Angola Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- The owner of the barge that spilled about 420,000 gallons of industrial fuel in the Mississippi River near New Orleans said Thursday the company was not to blame for the accident , but said it will be responsible for the cleanup . Fuel oil surrounds plants on the banks of the Mississippi River after the collision . Paul Book , vice president of operations facilities for American Commercial Lines Inc. , said divers were assessing the barge as it lay against a bridge pier . "  We have reports of oil that is bubbling , coming from the bow and the stern compartments , " he said at a news conference attended by several government officials . V-shaped booms containing skimmers have been placed below each compartment to collect and siphon off the oil , he said . The operation will be done twice . Watch scenes from the oil spill " "  We have high hopes that that will stop the release ... coming from the barge , " Book said . The spill , which affected 98 miles of one of the nation 's busiest waterways , resulted from a collision early Wednesday between the 61-foot barge carrying the fuel and a tanker . The two collided just north of the massive bridges connecting downtown New Orleans to communities across the river . See a map of where the spill happened " The tug Mel Oliver , which had been hired to push the barge upriver , had no properly licensed crew on board , Coast Guard officials said . The tugboat pilot had only an apprentice mate 's license instead of the required master 's license . The oil was being hauled from John W. Stone Oil Distributor in Gretna , said Coast Guard Petty Officer Jaclyn Young . Two investigations are under way -- one by the Coast Guard and the other by the National Transportation Safety Board . Book and Coast Guard Capt. Lincoln Stroh , the port captain in New Orleans , declined to respond to reporters ' questions about how an unqualified pilot was hired . "  American Commercial Line has stepped forward as being responsible for the spill cleanup , not responsible for the incident , " Stroh said . "  The investigation will clearly establish fault at a later date , but that 's not a place to go right now . " Book added , "  We were not the operator of the towing vessel nor the operator of the ship . " At least 100 ships were stalled Thursday along the river from just south of New Orleans to the Gulf of Mexico , the Coast Guard said . He said a marine transportation recovery unit will prioritize the ships according to the urgency of their cargo so they can be moved either above the oil spill zone or to the east or west . Coast Guard Lt. j.g. Anastacia Visneski said , "  It 's going to take us several days before we can get the river open , and it 's going to take weeks before we can clean it all up . "  Right now , our priority is for the safety of the people in the parishes surrounding the river , the safety of the environment , and containing and cleaning up the spill as quickly as possible . " Containment booms have been installed to prevent the oil from spreading to environmentally sensitive areas and seeping into water-supply intake valves in Gretna , St. Bernard , Dalcour , Belle Chasse , Pointe a la Hache , Port Sulphur and Boothville-Venice , Young said . Tom MacKenzie of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said there have been few reports so far of oil-covered wildlife , but much of the shoreline has n't yet been searched . Plaquemines Parish , which is 100 miles long , shut off its water intake valves after the spill , and was banned from using the ferry to New Orleans , except for emergencies . Parish President Billy Nungesser said he is prepared to truck water in if necessary . "  We 're running low on the east bank of Plaquemines . We thought we 'd run out today , " he said late Thursday afternoon . He said the parish was still testing the level of contamination . "  We will not turn on the outtakes until we are 100 percent sure it is safe to drink , " he said . "  The whole Mississippi has a sheen on it . " The east bank has 1,500 residents , a coal depot , an oil storage facility and other commercial businesses , he said . The west bank of Plaquemines Parish , population 22,000 , was using water from Jefferson Parish , whose supply valves are north of the spill , Nungesser said . In southern Plaquemines , Boothville-Venice has ponds that can provide a 20-day water supply , he added . Book said 50,000 feet of boom has been deployed in the river cleaning , with another 50,000 still available . At least 350 people are involved in the cleanup , he said . The oil was being skimmed and sucked into vacuum trucks , then put in temporary storage tanks . He estimated that 140 barrels of oil -- not quite 6,000 gallons -- had been contained . The 590-foot Liberian-flagged tanker Tintomara was not damaged in the collision , but the crash split the barge nearly in half . A swifter-than-normal current quickly drew the slick downstream . Stroh said the oil , widely used as marine fuel , is heavier than diesel but lighter than crude . The spill is much smaller than the ones that followed Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , when the Coast Guard estimated that more than 7 million gallons of oil were dumped into the Mississippi and nearby waterways . The Mississippi is the major shipping route from the Midwest to the Gulf of Mexico , and New Orleans is among the largest U.S. ports .	Barge company not to blame in spill , firm 's vice president says At least 100 ships wait on Mississippi for spill to be cleaned up 98-mile closure could last days , but cleanup could take weeks , Coast Guard says More than 400,000 gallons of industrial oil spilled after tanker , barge collide
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- The United Nations Sunday launched a special tribunal to prosecute the assassins of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . A statue of slain former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri stands in Beirut . The tribunal convened at The Hague more than four years after Hariri was killed in a massive car bombing in Beirut on February 14 , 2005 . The bomb , detonated as Hariri 's armored motorcade passed through Beirut 's fashionable seaside Corniche district , contained hundreds of pounds of explosives . It left buildings shattered and streets littered with the mangled wreckage of vehicles . The blast also killed 22 other people . The Lebanese army was out in force on the streets of Beirut Sunday as people turned out to pay their respects to Hariri , who is buried downtown in the Lebanese capital . The U.N. tribunal will have 11 judges , whose identities are being kept secret for their safety . Four will be Lebanese . The prosecution could take as long as 10 years , sources close to the tribunal said . Four senior Lebanese generals are being held over the bombing , which also killed 22 other people . But many Lebanese -- as well as the United States and U.N. investigators -- believe Syria ordered the assassination . Syria denies it . The tribunal 's prosecutor , Daniel Bellemare , refused to commit when asked at a news conference Sunday if Syrians would be charged . He said the public would have to wait and see . The U.S. State Department pledged its continued support of Lebanese judicial authorities and the tribunal 's operations . The United States has promised to contribute $ 14 million ; a request for an additional $ 6 million is pending approval from Congress . In a statement issued Sunday , acting State Department spokesman Robert A. Wood said Hariri 's death "  was an unsuccessful attempt to undermine Lebanon 's sovereignty . " He added : "  The Lebanese people answered his assassination with the Cedar Revolution , leading to the withdrawal of Syrian troops and the most democratic Lebanese elections in decades . " At the time of Hariri 's death , neighboring Syria had immense political influence in the country , and had maintained troops in its smaller neighbor since the 1980s , after the fighting between Israel and the PLO in Lebanon . Hariri was admired for spearheading the rebuilding of Beirut after the country 's civil war , from 1975 to 1990 , and many Lebanese blamed Syria for the killing , citing Hariri 's patriotism and strong sense of Lebanese independence . The killing sparked widespread protests that led to the eventual withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon and the election of an anti-Syrian bloc in parliament . The anti-Syrian movement is known as the March 14 Alliance , named after the day millions of supporters of Hariri took to the streets , and its actions have been dubbed the Cedar Revolution , for the nation 's iconic cedar trees . Huge counter-protests also were staged by Lebanese supporters of Syria . Along the way , U.N. investigators tasked to probe the attack found links between Syria 's government and Hariri 's assassination . The Lebanese hope the tribunal will settle the case , but there are also fears it could further divide the nation and open up older wounds in the country . The special tribunal takes over from the Beirut-based International Independent Investigation Commission , which looked into 20 other attacks and found elements linking some of them to a criminal network behind the Hariri killing , the United Nations said . The trial will take place in a converted gymnasium in a suburb of The Hague . The U.N. says the case is expected to be ready for trial by 2010 . -- CNN 's Cal Perry contributed to this report .	U.N. tribunal for killing of former Lebanon prime minister to convenes Tribunal has 11 judges , whose identities are being kept secret for their safety Rafik Hariri killed in car bomb in Beirut in February 2005 Death led to protests and reduction of Syrian influence in Lebanon
Jason Griffin straps his right arm in bandages , preparing himself to grip the reins of a wildly bucking bronco . Tall , broad-shouldered , with a rough beard , he steps into his cowboy boots , fits a Stetson hat and heads out to meet his mount in the rodeo arena . Griffin is a four-time world champion bareback bucking horse rider -- competing in a sport that began in the 19th century heyday of the Wild West . With each victory -- he has also won three all-round rodeo championships -- the Texan raises awareness of a strong tradition which is rarely seen in the many novels , films and television series dedicated to the tales of the old West : The historic story of America 's black cowboys . On cinema screens and paperback covers , the cowboys of old were heroic , hard-bitten and -- almost always -- white . In reality , the American West of the 1800s was traversed by an assortment of black , white , Mexican and Native American cattle hands . Contemporary records are rare but historians now estimate that up to one in four Texan cowboys was African American , while the number of Mexican cowboys was even greater . Watch online : the video trailer for the documentary "  The Forgotten Cowboys " John Ferguson and Gregg MacDonald 's documentary film -- and multimedia project -- "  The Forgotten Cowboys " follows Griffin and other contemporary black cowboys as they gain a following competing at rodeos and go about their working lives . London-based photographer Ferguson first became interested in the group 10 years ago while watching a news report in New York about local black cowboys holding a parade . His interest was immediately piqued : "  It 's really nice to find something that 's new , is n't it ? They have been around for hundreds of years , but history has forgotten about them . " Read related : ` Texas in Queens ' : Junior wranglers find refuge with black cowboys During the 17th and 18th century , many slaves were displaced from areas of Western Africa where cattle herding cultures -- as depicted in 4,000 year old cave paintings at Tassili n'Ajjer , in the south of modern-day Algeria -- had existed for millennia . But historians say that those who became cowboys in the 19th century joined a new cultural tradition -- developed in the company of their European and Native American counterparts -- with different breeds of cattle and new techniques . Life for a black cowboy was tough , explains Michael Searles , Emeritus Assistant Professor of History at Augusta State University , who has edited an anthology of writing on the subject . "  Black cowboys were sometimes expected to do ... more than their white counterpart -- in other words , some of the roughest work . " "  Breaking of stock  taming horses  and getting horses ready to ride each morning was often the work of the black cowboy -- where there were black cowboys -- and when they had to cross a swollen river to move cattle ... black cowboys were the first to cross that river . " Searles -- known to his students as Cowboy Mike -- lectures in a check shirt , bandana and ten gallon hat . He explains that life as a cowboy was still preferable to other roles given to slaves and , later , free African Americans in the South , such as picking cotton on a plantation . "  Many black cowboys , when they were slaves , were n't treated as you 'd think a traditional slave would be treated , because a cowboy needed a lot more independence , " said Searles . In America : Top-ranked polo players hail from Philadelphia 's inner city Even after the abolition of slavery , prejudice and discrimination were still common -- but black cowboys could expect a better relationship with white Americans than many . Ferguson talks about a "  cowboy code " of equal responsibility , teamwork and mutual protection binding today 's cowboys and their black and white ancestors . Mike agrees that a kind of loyalty developed between cowboys of different races -- but suggests that cowboys were initially united by necessity . "  If you 've got nine or 10 cowboys on a cattle drive , you are interdependent with the folk who are riding with you -- they can either save your life or they can let you die . "  There are times when you really need the assistance of another cowboy . That was not the place to be too prejudiced or too hostile to the cowboy riding next to you , " says Ferguson , the filmmaker . Asked how the image of the black cowboy disappeared from popular culture , Ferguson points the finger at the Western movie business of the mid-20th century . "  Hollywood played a major part in dismissing the role of black cowboys . In 99 % of Western cowboy films , there is no black cowboy . " "  America was a divided country -- segregation -- Hollywood played their part down . Compare Clint Eastwood or John Wayne to the black cowboys . It just does n't fit the image . Black cowboy . A hero . "	Photographer John Ferguson documents the lives of modern-day black cowboys Historians now estimate up to one in four cowboys in Old West were African-American Historian : The black cowboy played a crucial role in taming the American West Were cattle-herding slaves labelled "  cow-boys " where the term originated ?
CNN  -- British boxer Amir Khan has retained his WBA light-welterweight title after winning the much-hyped "  battle of the faiths " by stopping challenger Dmitriy Salita in the first round on Saturday night . Khan , a devout Muslim , knocked down his Jewish opponent three times before the referee stopped after just one minute and 16 seconds . Salita , an American citizen who was born in Ukraine and is nicknamed "  Star of David " , was unable to follow up his bold claims made in the build-up to the fight , which took place in Newcastle in the north-east of England . The 22-year-old Khan was successful in his first defense of the belt that he won in defeating Andreas Kotelnik in July . He is trained by American Freddie Roach , who also guides Filipino star Manny Pacquiao , considered by many to be the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world . "  It was very explosive . The fight was just what we asked for , what Freddie asked me to do . We had too much power for this guy , " a delighted Khan told reporters after the fight . "  I 'm a growing young man and developing as a man . Freddie said to take it easy , pick the right shots and you 'll take this guy out and we did . "  Freddie is a great trainer , he 's like a father figure to me and to have him in my corner means a lot . Everyone knows I 'm a hard-working fighter and if you put the hard work in you 're going to get the benefits . "  After the first shot I could see his legs buckling and I just had to take my time . I knew he was going . " Roach has helped the Olympic silver medal winner to rebuild his career after a humiliating defeat by unknown Colombian Breidis Prescott last year . "  It was a blessing in disguise what happened against Prescott , I got beat and came back stronger , " Khan said . Roach was equally impressed with his young charge . "  I would give him an A + . I said if you hurt him , finish him . We 've been working on that power and the fight was really over after that first punch , " he said .	British boxer Amir Khan retains his WBA light-welterweight title in his first defense Khan , a devout Muslim , destroys Jewish opponent Dmitriy Salita in the first round He knocked down the Ukraine-born American three times in the opening minute
CNN  -- We 've all wondered what it 's like to die . Now there 's a game that claims it can fulfill our curiosity , without actually killing us . "  Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death , " is a morbid "  escape room " game that uses dramatic special effects to bring players close to what its creators imagine is an experience of death . When it opens in Shanghai in September 2014 , it will invite participants to compete in a series of challenges to avoid "  dying . " Losers get cremated -- or are at least made to lie on a conveyor belt that transports them through a fake funeral home incinerator to simulate death rites . The faux cremator will use hot air and light projections to create what the organizers call "  an authentic experience of burning . " After "  cremation , " participants are transferred to a soft , round , womb-like capsule , signifying their "  rebirth . " And the winner ? "  He 'll also have to die of course , " says the game 's fatalistic co-founder Ding Rui . As in life , he explains , "  everyone will die eventually , no matter what they 've survived . " Life and death Ding and his partner Huang Wei-ping went to great lengths researching their game , investigating the cremation process that typically awaits 50 % of Chinese people after death . The pair visited a real crematorium and asked to be sent through the furnace with the flames turned off . "  Ding went in the crematory first and it was stressful for me to observe from the outside , " says Huang . "  The controller of the crematory was also very nervous ; he usually just focuses on sending bodies in , but not on bringing them back out . " When it came to Huang 's turn , he found it unbearable . "  It was getting really hot . I could n't breathe and I thought my life was over , " he said . The pair say realism is essential to provoke participants into thinking about life and death . They 'll operate the game while also running Hand in Hand , an organization that specializes in providing hospice support to dying patients in an oncology hospital . Soul searching Huang says his interest in death emerged during a period of soul searching after a lucrative but spiritually unrewarding career as a trader . "  China made me rich , but it did n't teach me how to live a rich life . I was lost , " he says . He went on to study psychology and volunteered to help in the aftermath of a 2008 earthquake in China 's western Sichuan province , launching Hand in Hand shortly after . "  It opened a new door for me -- I went there to help but I was also saved . " Ding , meanwhile , had undertaken his own search for a meaning to life by organizing seminars with experts on the subject . "  I invited ` life masters ' from different religions and other fields to come and talk about what life is , " he says . "  I did that for two years before realizing that , instead of sitting here and listening passively , I could also do something . " That was when the two hooked up to create the "  4D Experience of Death . " Morbid curiosity The pair were initially unsure of the appetite for their morbid concept , even though similar ventures have already opened in South Korea and Taiwan . Voluntary work in a hospice showed them that few people wanted to confront the idea of death , even when it was at hand . "  The saddest part of the job was n't seeing the patients passing away but how the families refused to face death -- the final days with their loved ones consisted of kind but shallow lies , " says Ding . "  We lack understanding of death and the fear can become so overwhelming . " To sound out the idea , Huang and Ding first started a fundraising campaign on jue.so , the Chinese version of Kickstarter . "  We received more than RMB 410,000  $ 67,000  in three months , surpassing our target , " says Huang . "  It turns out many people in China are curious about death . " Ding says they hope the experience will promote "  life education " -- prompting people to ask questions about what they are doing with their lives and guiding them to face death in a personal way . "  There are n't any model answers in life and death education , unlike those courses that teach you to be rich and successful , " says Huang . "  It is more important for people to experience it personally . " "  I was in a car crash once and the only thought in my mind then was ` why did n't I buy insurance ? ' " says Huang . "  It was n't what I had imagined for the final moments of my life . That romantic idea of having a flashback of one 's entire life in the last moments before death -- that did not happen . " Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death will be completed at the end of August and is scheduled to open in September . Sessions will be conducted in Chinese . Tickets RMB249  $ 40  . 101-104 , Building 2 , Gongyi Xintiandi , 105 West PuYu Road , Huangpu District , Shanghai	"  Samadhi -- 4D Experience of Death " uses special effects to recreate an imagined experience of death The death-themed game was created to provoke people into considering the meaning of life "  Samadhi " creator : "  China made me rich , but it did n't teach me how to live a rich life "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Indonesian volcano erupted twice Monday , spewing thick ash clouds a day after the number of evacuees rose to 5,200 . The two eruptions occurred within 10 minutes of one another , spitting ash clouds as high as 600 meters  1,970 feet  into the air . Mt. Lokon in the northern Sulawesi province first erupted Thursday night . Since then it has erupted several more times . Authorities worry that the latest eruption sent smoke so high into the sky that it could affect flights at nearby airports . There were no immediate reports of casualties . Indonesia is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	The two eruptions occur within 10 minutes of one another There are no immediate reports of casualties Indonesia is located on "  The Ring of Fire "
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Wilson Perez believes his father 's killer is one of the hundreds of stable workers who live and care for horses in an area known as the "  backside " of the Churchill Downs horse racing grounds . "  I imagine he 's wandering around here , " Wilson Perez told CNN in an exclusive interview first aired on "  Erin Burnett OuFront " , near the barn where his father 's body was found . "  It has to be someone who lives here because no one else can come in . " Louisville Police investigators have released few details about the death of 48-year-old Adan Perez . Police say Perez 's body was discovered around 5 a.m. Sunday morning by barn workers , just several hours after the final races of Kentucky Derby Day . The body was left in Barn No. 8 , which backs up to the backstretch of the famed Churchill Downs horse racing track . The "  backside " of Churchill Downs is made up of dozens of barns that house more than a thousand horses . It 's also where some 600 stable hands live . It 's a secluded and often overlooked world . It 's home to the transient workers of the horse racing industry . Most workers are Central American immigrants who move around the country looking for work with stables and trainers . "  The outside world does n't see this world . They do n't know what the backside of the racetrack is like , " Churchill Downs chaplain Ken Boehm said . "  It does concern us that there 's someone back here or there could be someone back here still that could commit such an act . " Police say there are no suspects in the slaying of Adan Perez but are looking into several altercations that occurred at the track . Wilson Perez said he last heard from his father around 11:30 p.m. Saturday night . Both men talked on the phone for several minutes at the end of a hard day 's work during the Kentucky Derby . "  He called me to see how I was doing and where I was , " Wilson Perez said . This was almost a daily routine for both men . Father and son worked in different barns on the Churchill Downs grounds and could go most of the day without seeing each other . "  He told me he was outside  the racing grounds  at a restaurant with friends , " Wilson Perez added . "  Everything was normal , like every time he called me . He never told me there were any problems . " Wilson Perez said he has n't heard any stories of his father getting into any altercations the night of the murder . He also said he never heard his father talk of having enemies or having any problems with anyone around the grounds . Wilson Perez first walked through the gates of Churchill Downs two years ago . He had convinced his father to let him leave home in Guatemala and find work in the barns caring for horses . Adan Perez worked for horse trainer Cecil Borel , the brother of three-time Kentucky Derby-winning jockey Calvin Borel . Wilson Perez said he wanted to leave Guatemala to get closer to his father , who had been working in Kentucky since 2008 . "  I asked him to bring me here , " said Wilson Perez . "  I wanted to be with him . " The backside of horse racing tracks is the forgotten side of the horse racing grounds . It 's an area that highlights the stark class structure of horse racing . It 's where you see millionaire horse owners standing shoulder to shoulder with stable hands who roughly earn between $ 250 and $ 800 a week for a variety of jobs caring for the prized horses . "  Such a mash of people back here , the richest of the rich , the poorest of the poor and everyone in between , " said Boehm , who ministers to the stable hands . But it 's also a secluded and difficult world for outsiders to penetrate . Workers often move around the country , from horse track to horse track following the work wherever it goes . Boehm said on any given day there are about 600 people who live on the backside of Churchill Downs . They can live on the grounds for free , but the workday usually starts early . Around 4 a.m. workers start cleaning the stables and feeding horses . Other workers prepare the horses for their daily workouts on the racetrack . Boehm hoped stable workers who might have information about Adan Perez 's slaying wo n't be reluctant to come forward . "  I 'm hoping someone will say something , if not to me , to a trainer or to a friend that they become comfortable with , " he said . Wilson Perez said he still loves the work at Churchill Downs . In fact , since his father 's death he 's kept working through the pain and anguish even as he makes arrangements to get his father 's body sent home to Guatemala for a burial . Wilson Perez said he does n't want to return to Guatemala ; he wants to keep working at Churchill Downs . "  He was a good father , " Wilson Perez said . "  Everything he knew ; he would pass on to me . "	Victim 's son thinks his father 's killer is one of Churchill Downs ' stable workers "  Backside " of horse racing track is a secluded , overlooked world No suspects in slaying , but police looking into altercations at track Son said father never said anything about enemies or troubles
PYONGYANG , North Korea  CNN  -- North Korea handed over its long-awaited nuclear program declaration to officials from China on Thursday . Workers remove fuel rods on the reactor floor at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility this year . President Bush , who once branded North Korea as part of an "  axis of evil , " welcomed the move and said he intends to remove the communist nation from the U.S. list of states that sponsor terrorism . "  The declaration says : ` We are not now engaged in any -LSB- uranium -RSB- enrichment activities or -LSB- nuclear -RSB- proliferation activities and will not engage in them in the future , ' " U.S. National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley said in Washington . "  It is a good first step in getting the kind of disclosure and transparency into North Korea 's nuclear activities as part of and a step toward their disablement , dismantlement and termination of those activities , " Hadley said . North Korea handed over the declaration to officials from China , which led the six-nation talks that hammered out the conditions of the agreement . In addition to China and the United States , the talks included South Korea , Japan and Russia . Watch what 's still unknown after Pyongyang 's declaration " Bush said he will call for the lifting of sanctions against North Korea under the Trading With the Enemy Act and notify Congress that he intends to take Pyongyang off the terror list . That move will take 45 days . But North Korea will have to end its nuclear activities in a "  verifiable " way , Bush said in the White House Rose Garden . "  The United States has no illusions about the regime in Pyongyang , " he said . "  We remain deeply concerned about North Korea 's human rights abuses , uranium enrichment activities , nuclear testing and proliferation , ballistic missile programs and the threat it continues to pose to South Korea and its neighbors . "  Yet we welcome today 's development as one step of a multistep process . " According to a senior U.S. State Department official , the 60-page declaration , written in English , details several rounds of plutonium production at Yongbyon , North Korea dating back to 1986 . North Korea acknowledges producing roughly 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium -- enough for about seven nuclear bombs , the official said . The nation already has tested one nuclear bomb , which would have used about 6 kilograms of plutonium . After the declaration 's submission , representatives from the United States and other members of the six-party talks will begin a process of verifying whether Pyongyang 's declarations are true . Analyst John Wolfsthal of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said experts needed to be on the ground , taking samples and analyzing data . "  We do n't trust North Korea ; we do n't take them at their word , " said Wolfsthal , who has followed the secretive country for about two decades . "  We need to put together basically a jigsaw puzzle from pieces of data without really seeing the cover of the box , " he said of North Korea 's nuclear program . Hadley said the declaration also should provide details on how much plutonium North Korea says it has produced , which will allow the U.S. to calculate the size of Pyongyang 's nuclear arsenal . Hadley said that information is not included in the declaration . Watch why the plutonium question is so important " The United States also needs to learn more about Pyongyang 's previous nuclear activities , including the spread of nuclear technology and information to other countries , Hadley added . "  We have concerns about their past activities , " Hadley said . "  We have made those concerns clear . The North Koreans acknowledge those concerns . That is what is ahead of us . "  In order for this process to go forward ... we are going to need to be able to get to the bottom of these issues , with respect to plutonium , enrichment , proliferation , " he said . The easing of U.S. sanctions on North Korea will have little practical effect . "  North Korea will remain one of the most heavily sanctioned nations in the world , " Bush said . The agreement includes additional monitoring to assure that Pyongyang receives promised economic and energy assistance in exchange for dismantling its nuclear program . Under the agreement , leaders in Pyongyang agreed to provide a full accounting of the plutonium , "  acknowledge " concerns about its nuclear proliferation and uranium enrichment activities , and continue to cooperate with a process to ensure that no further activities are taking place . During negotiations , the United States ultimately softened demands that North Korea admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and supplying Syria with nuclear technology , sticking points that had stalled the talks for months . U.S. officials said the final deal was n't perfect but offered Washington its best chance to learn about North Korea 's nuclear activities . "  Multilateral diplomacy is the best way to peacefully resolve the nuclear issue , " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said . "  North Korea should seize this moment of opportunity to restore its relationship with the international community . " On Friday , North Korea is set to implode a cooling tower at its Yongbyon nuclear reactor . Nuclear experts have begun dismantling the plant 's main reactor , but the destruction of the cooling tower is expected to be a powerful public symbol . And it is a step that would take North Korea more than a year to reverse , according to U.S. State Department officials . In a rare move , North Korea has invited international news organizations , including CNN , to witness the tower 's destruction . The United States put North Korea on its state-sponsored terror list in January 1988 after its alleged involvement with the 1987 bombing of a South Korean airliner . The Korean Air Lines flight crashed into the Indian Ocean , killing all 115 people on board . CNN 's Zain Verjee , John Vause and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report .	North Korea gives documents on nuclear activities to Chinese officials President Bush welcomes decision , warns North Korea still has work to do North Korea expected to continue preparations to dismantle a nuclear reactor Bush says he 'll remove North Korea from list of state sponsors of terrorism
CNN  -- As mobile devices get increasingly slimmer , so too will their corresponding USB connectors . Even better , you wo n't have to flip the cable when you try to slip it in upside down . Finally . Development for the next-generation USB connector , called the Type-C , is underway and will be thinner and sleeker than current USB 3.0 cables  pictured above  , according to the USB 3.1 Promoter Group , which is made up of industry heavy hitters including Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard and Intel . SEE ALSO : 25 Best Free Android Apps To pack the powerful punch of the USB 3.1 standard , which can move data at 10 gigabits per second , into a smaller cable , it will closely resemble the USB 2.0 Micro-B . But it has a few advantages over existing models : Specifically , it 's reversible , meaning users no longer need to worry about plug orientation . The plug design is similar to Apple 's Lightning cables and will take away one of USB 's main frustrations . The downside is that the new cables wo n't work with existing connectors . The Type-C connector is built on existing USB 3.1 and USB 2.0 technologies and will have scalable power capabilities , meaning it will be able to charge a wide range of gadgets . "  While USB technology is well established as the favored choice for connecting and powering devices , we recognize the need to develop a new connector to meet evolving design trends in terms of size and usability , " said Brad Saunders , USB 3.0 Promoter Group Chairman , in a statement . "  The new Type-C connector will fit well with the market 's direction and affords an opportunity to lay a foundation for future versions of USB . " The organization said the Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014 . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Development for the next-generation USB connector , called the Type-C , is underway It will be reversible , meaning users no longer need to worry about plug orientation The Type-C connector will be completed by mid-2014 .
It is a tale of tragedy meets election-year politics . As the nation reels from yet another mass murder , in which the killer shot some of his victims before taking his own life , two rival proposals aimed at improving mental health -- and supporters hope curbing mass gun violence by extension -- are before congressional lawmakers . A measure sponsored by Rep. Tim Murphy , a Pennsylvania Republican and clinical psychologist , seeks to get states to revise standards for committing the severely mentally ill to hospitals . His bill , which has bipartisan support , also includes a controversial proposal that seeks to empower families and judges to intervene on behalf of severely mentally ill adults and , in some cases , compel court-ordered therapy and medication . Murphy 's effort would also significantly dial back federal funding to the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , which spends more than $ 3 billion annually on care and is an agency that Murphy does not think is effective . His bill has the backing of the National Alliance on Mental Illness , the American Psychiatric Association and the National Sheriffs ' Association , among other groups . On Thursday , he will also outline before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee the results of his yearlong look into federal mental health programs -- an investigation sparked by the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Can Mental Health Bill Help Stop Mass Killings ? Treading carefully on guns "  The privacy laws were to prevent mistreatment from health care ... not meant to keep people from being treated in health care , " Murphy said on CNN 's New Day on Wednesday He added that in many of the recent mass shootings , the parents were aware of the gunman 's mental health issues but were legally powerless . "  People knew when something was going on . What about the rights of society ? When someone says ` we do n't want you forcing them into treatment , ' look , I get that , " Murphy said . "  But society is saying when the signs are there , that someone is gravely disabled or gravely ill from mental illness , a brain illness , treat them . Denial is not a treatment . " A competing measure from Rep. Ron Barber , a politically vulnerable Arizona Democrat struck by gunfire when his former boss , then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords was shot and severely wounded in 2011 , also takes a mental health approach . His legislation would more broadly improve mental health care through added federal financial assistance for counseling , research and education efforts . Stage set for partisan fight His measure has the seal of approval from a number of organizations , including the National Association of School Psychologists , the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and Mental Health America . "  We know that one of every four Americans will have a mental illness at least once in their lifetime . Investing in mental health services in our communities and early identification and prevention of mental illness will save both lives and money , " Barber said in a statement on his Web page . The pending showdown over the two measures -- neither of which directly addresses the type of mass gun violence that ended lives in Santa Barbara , Newtown and so many other cities -- sets the stage for a partisan fight over overhauling the nation 's mental health system . "  It 's not what 's in their hands , it 's what is in their mind and heart that we 've got to deal with , " Murphy said on "  New Day . " "  California has some of the strictest gun laws in the nation bar none . And so it did n't work there . " Tackling mental health and gun policy is a thorny issue , but one that needs to be addressed , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , told The Washington Post this week . "  We 've got to look at how we define mental illness , who is denied weapons and who is not , and focus the discussion , " King , who has pushed for tougher firearms measures , told the paper . "  We have to have this debate . " Initiatives focusing on mental health were among the nearly two dozen executive actions put in place by the White House after Newtown . Young , angry and socially alienated The debate will unfold as the nation digests the actions of Elliot Rodger , 22 , a former Santa Barbara City College student who police say fatally stabbed three people and shot three others in that city before taking his own life , Friday . His parents had alerted authorities to their son 's mental illness and signs , they say , pointed to the danger he might one day pose . And , as has happened after Columbine , Virginia Tech , Fort Hood , Tucson , Aurora , Newtown , Washington and other shootings in other places , the victims ' families and neighbors plead for justice , for an end to gun violence , for a change in laws . "  What , what has changed ? Have we learned nothing ? Where the hell is the leadership , " a weeping Richard Martinez , whose son , Christopher , a University of California Santa Barbara college student who was shot by Rodger , told CNN . "  My kid died because nobody responded to what happened at Sandy Hook . " Father of shooting victim chastises politicians , demands new gun laws In what has become part of a familiar ritual following mass shootings in America , advocates call for action and politicos , especially those in Washington , project solemnity before retreating to their respective corners of the intractable gun debate . "  Shame on us for allowing this to continue , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who championed firearms reforms that failed in Congress following Newtown . Dems also weigh gun bill In another effort , House Democratic leaders said Wednesday they were weighing whether to push an amendment to a spending bill aimed at strengthening background checks for gun buyers . But they acknowledged it would likely prove unsuccessful . The White House is also pushing to fund gun violence prevention studies for the first time in roughly 20 years , an effort resisted by Republican critics who accuse the Obama administration of playing politics with taxpayer funds . Political experts say there 's little visibility on the issue , even if the conversation centers on mental health , which has routinely presented itself in the roster of America 's mass shootings . As details emerged over the weekend in California , Rodger 's history of mental health issues apparently was no secret to his family . A family friend said he had seen therapists since childhood . The public push for reforms is fickle and is largely influenced by moment-to-moment tragedy , said Cedric Alexander , the chief of police for DeKalb County , Georgia , a clinical psychologist and adviser to the pro-gun rights group Independent Firearm Owners Association . "  Our attention span is so short we never focus on this complicated problem long enough to address the problem , let alone begin to fix it , " Alexander said in a statement . Support for gun control has hit peaks and valleys since 1993 . That 's when the Brady Bill came about after the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan and established a federal background check program for gun purchases . According to a CNN/ORC International survey conducted in December , 49 % of Americans said they supported stricter gun control laws , while 50 % opposed them . That fell from the 55 % who backed tougher measures a few weeks after the Newtown shootings . States take the lead Stymied federal legislative actions have sent advocates for stricter controls looking for new ways to have an impact . The gun control fights have now moved to the states where legislatures have weighed more than 1,000 proposals , according to an analysis by the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . The battle over gun policy : Old fight , new strategies And according to data collected for CNN by the National Conference of State Legislatures , more than half of the nation 's legislatures -- those dominated by Republicans -- weighed bills that would have nullified any federal ban on military style assault weapons and limits on large magazines . Will states go where Congress has n't on gun laws ? A number of measures at the state level deal with mental health . In South Dakota , the GOP-controlled legislature passed a bill requiring that mental health records of "  someone acquitted of a crime by reason of insanity " be sent to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . According to data from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System , roughly 1 % of gun permit applicants who failed to pass a background check over the past 14 years , or 10,180 people , were denied for reasons related to mental health .	Lawmakers have two bills tackling mental health in aftermath of Santa Barbara shooting Such efforts have failed before and political experts doubt there 's much political will Since Congress has failed to act , states have enacted a number of gun reform laws Families of victims , advocates frustrated by lack of federal action
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Bowing to eight days of protests , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Tuesday he will not seek office again in elections scheduled for September , but vowed to stay in the country and finish his term . The concession , the largest the embattled president has made so far , was remarkable for a man who has held a tight grip on power for three decades . But it was unclear whether the offer would do anything to calm opposition groups and protesters who have called for Murarak 's immediate resignation . "  My first responsibility now is to restore the stability and security of the homeland , to achieve a peaceful transition of power in an environment that will protect Egypt and Egyptians and which will allow for the responsibility to be given to whoever the people elect in the forthcoming elections , " Mubarak said in a televised address Tuesday night . The announcement rang flat in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , where thousands of protesters erupted in chants of "  Down with Mubarak ! " and "  The people want the president to be judged ! " following his announcement . Some waved shoes in the air -- a deep insult in the Arab world -- and said they would continue their demonstrations until Mubarak quits outright . Mohamed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize winner who has become a leading opposition figure , said Mubarak 's decision was "  an act of deception " that would only "  extend the agony . " "  Whoever gave him that advice gave him absolutely the wrong advice , " ElBaradei said . However , Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa , a former Egyptian foreign minister , said demonstrators should weigh what Mubarak has said before responding . "  I 'm aware that there are certain currents in Egypt that will not see that as satisfactory and they need more , " Moussa , a possible presidential contender himself , told CNN . But , he added , "  I believe that there is something new that has been offered . " Mubarak has led Egypt for nearly 30 years since the 1981 assassination of his predecessor , Anwar Sadat , aided by an emergency decree that has allowed him to rule with an iron fist . But following demonstrations that have only grown in the past week , the 82-year-old former air force general told his people Tuesday night , "  I have spent enough time serving Egypt . "  I will pursue the transfer of power in a way that will fulfill the people 's demands , and that this new government will fulfill the people 's demands and their hopes for political , economic and social progress , " he said . Tuesday 's turnout in Cairo , Alexandria and other cities came despite efforts by the government to suspend rail service and cut off mobile phone and internet networks , and in spite of the mounting hardships facing Egyptians . Banks and schools have been shuttered during the demonstrations , teller machine screens are dark and gas stations have run out of fuel . Long lines snaked around bakeries and supermarkets as shops began to ration how much food customers could buy . In Alexandria , protesters clashed with supporters of Mubarak , leaving 12 people injured , said Qutb Hassanein , a member of an opposition group . The military was called in to restore calm . Mohammed Mahmoud , a protester , said he was hit in the head by a stick during the clash . "  We do n't want him  Mubarak  . We are staying here until we die , " he said . Mubarak 's announcement capped a day in which anti-government demonstrators stood shoulder-to-shoulder in Tahrir Square for a "  march of millions . " It comes less than three weeks after a wave of protests that forced Tunisia 's longtime strongman to flee to Saudi Arabia in mid-January . Protesters last week taunted , "  Mubarak , Saudi Arabia is waiting for you . " But despite calls for him to leave the country , the aging leader vowed Tuesday that "  This dear country is my country ... and I will die on its land . " Opposition leader Ayman Nour called the speech "  very depressing . " Nour said Mubarak was already expected to step down at the end of his term -- but he is believed to be maneuvering to have his son , Gamal , succeed him . "  He did not at any point in his speech reject the possibility that his son could run for president , " said Nour , who spent three years in prison after challenging Mubarak in Egypt 's first multiparty presidential election in 2005 . He said the protesters in Tahrir Square "  are angrier than ever " after the address . Mohammed Habib , deputy chairman of the officially banned Muslim Brotherhood , said Mubarak 's speech was built around emotional appeals to his decades of military service and the presidency . "  After 30 years during which corruption and diminishing the strategic role of Egypt in the region became the norm , I do not feel it is time to appeal for people 's emotion , " Habib said . "  We should say ` thank you ' to him , ` and get out . ' " In Washington , President Barack Obama said he spoke with Mubarak soon after he announced he would not seek re-election . Obama called for an orderly transition in Egypt that , he said , should be meaningful , peaceful and must begin now . The U.S. president stressed the Egyptian people will be the ones to determine their own leaders and destiny . In Cairo , the U.S. ambassador to Egypt , Margaret Scobey , met Tuesday with ElBaradei and will be speaking with leaders of other political movements , a senior State Department official said . The official cautioned that Scobey 's talks with ElBaradei does n't mean the United States favors him . As in Tunisia , the protests have been fueled by economic woes , including a dramatic rise in the cost of living coupled with high unemployment . Despite the government 's food subsidies , people are struggling , with an estimated 40 % of the country living in poverty . The majority of Egypt 's population -- and the vast majority of its unemployed -- is under 30 , and many protesters are young men looking for economic opportunities and a better life . As the demonstrations grew , Mubarak fired his cabinet and ordered newly appointed Vice President Omar Suleiman to hold talks on political reform with opposition leaders . And on Monday , the military -- the foundation of the modern Egyptian state -- announced it would not open fire on peaceful protesters . "  I think it 's all over with once the army makes that announcement , " said Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan . Cole said he had expected the regime to endure the crisis with the support of the military , but that the military appears to have "  cut Mubarak loose . " Shibley Telhami , a University of Maryland professor and Brookings Institution analyst , said the military may have anchored the government but , "  At some point , they are going to have to make a decision about protecting the institution beyond the man . " And Fouad Ajami , a Johns Hopkins University professor and Hoover Institution analyst , said Mubarak 's invocation of his years of service was "  almost pathetic . " "  I believe the crowd was discovering its power as Mubarak was discovering his own weakness and the vulnerability of his own regime , " Ajami said . Now , "  No one believes his promises , and now no one really believes his threats . " The demonstrations had turned ugly last Friday , when thousands of riot and plainclothes police used brutal force to crack down on people on the streets . Unconfirmed reports suggest up to 300 people may have been killed during the protests , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Tuesday . Human Rights Watch has reported 80 deaths from two hospitals in Cairo , 36 in Alexandria and 13 in Suez . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the death toll . But since the weekend , the army has replaced police as the enforcers of security , and the gatherings have been largely peaceful . In recent days , protests inspired by the Tunisian outcome have spread to Algeria , Yemen , Jordan and Sudan . Calls for political reform prompted Jordan 's King Abdullah II Tuesday to dismiss his government and appoint a new prime minister , and a Facebook page urged similar demonstrations in Syria . John Entelis , director of Middle East studies at New York 's Fordham University , said the Arab world is facing a "  wave " of unrest sparked by the Tunisian revolt . "  If it were not for Tunisia , none of this would be happening at this time or in this way , " Entelis said . CNN 's John King , Ben Wedeman , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Housam Ahmed , Caroline Faraj , Salma Abdelaziz , Saad Abedine , Christine Theodorou , Zain Verjee , Arwa Damon and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	NEW : President Barack Obama says a transition in Egypt must begin now NEW : Protesters and supporters of the Egyptian president clash in Alexandria Mubarak 's position will only "  extend the agony , " an opposition leader says Arab League leader : Opposition should weigh speech before responding
PEOPLE.com  -- There are a lot of protests going on in New York City these days , but this was unexpected . Call it Occupy Sexy . Announcing themselves from the social-content website BuzzFeed.com , about 15 protesters in Ryan Gosling masks showed up -- in the rain , no less -- outside PEOPLE 's headquarters at Manhattan 's Time-Life Building on Wednesday . "  We are devastated , " Buzzfeed 's Matt Stopera , 24 , said of PEOPLE 's decision to name Bradley Cooper 2011 's Sexiest Man Alive . " -LSB- Gosling 's -RSB- left arm alone makes him the Sexiest Man Alive . Hello , look at his abs ! " Facebook users also got into the act with an entire page devoted to The Pro-Gosling People Magazine Protest , illustrated with this week 's cover of Cooper with a great big red X over it .  Gosling 's photo is circled . What , no heart ? VIDEO : Bradley Cooper : ' I Still Ca n't Believe It ! ' Of course , Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday , along with 123 other hot guys . As for the equally ab-tastic Cooper , "  We stand by our man ! " says PEOPLE 's Executive Editor Liz Sporkin . "  Bradley Cooper is the whole package . He 's gorgeous , talented , brainy , loves his mom , can cook up a storm and speaks fluent French ! Who can argue with that ? " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	About 15 protesters in Ryan Gosling masks showed up outside PEOPLE 's headquarters Wednesday Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday , along with 123 other hot guys . "  We stand by our man ! " says PEOPLE 's Executive Editor Liz Sporkin of Bradley Cooper
When the biggest cable company in the United States buys the second-biggest cable company in the United States , what does that mean for you ? If you 're afraid the answer might be a higher cable bill , you 're not alone . "  Americans already hate dealing with the cable guy -- and both these giant companies regularly rank among the worst of the worst in consumer surveys , " said Craig Aaron , president and CEO of Free Press , a group that advocates for diversity in media ownership . "  But this deal would be the cable guy on steroids -- pumped up , unstoppable and grasping for your wallet . " On Thursday , Comcast announced it had agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $ 45 billion . If approved by the federal government , and that 's no sure thing , the two would become a massive cable giant , serving one out of every three homes in the United States . Time Warner Cable was spun off from Time Warner in 2009 and no longer has any connection to the owner of CNN , HBO and Warner Bros. Obviously , it 's way too early to know whether the dire predictions of folks such as Aaron will come true . But the announcement has raised a lot of questions along those lines for subscribers of both companies , as well as others curious how the emergence of such a cable giant would impact them . So here 's an effort to address some of those questions as best we can : When could this happen ? Comcast says that if the merger is approved by federal regulators , they would become one with Time Warner Cable by the end of this year . Subscribers to the two companies should n't see any changes before then . If it 's any guide , Comcast 's acquistion of NBC Universal was slowed down by the regulatory review process and took 13 months before it was completed in 2011 . Would my bill go up ? It depends upon whom you ask . As noted above , there are activists dedicated to fighting big media mergers on the argument that relying on a small handful of giant companies kills competition and drives up prices in any market . "  An enlarged Comcast would be the bully in the schoolyard , able to dictate terms to content creators , Internet companies , other communications networks that must interconnect with it , and distributors who must access its content , " said John Bergmayer , senior staff attorney for online consumer activist group Public Knowledge . "  By raising the costs of its rivals and business partners , an enlarged Comcast would raise costs for consumers , who ultimately pay the bills . " But some industry analysts say there 's no reason the merger would directly impact subscriber wallets -- at least no more than they 're already being hit . "  I think this is more of a story about two companies wanting to get together to improve their market share and revenues for their stock price than it is for customers , " said tech industry analyst Jeff Kagan . "  I do n't think this is a story about customers at all . " Kagan noted that since Comcast and Time Warner Cable are largely in different U.S. markets , the merger would n't mean a loss of competition . But that does n't mean cable bills wo n't go up , he said , because they 're already doing just that . "  Cable television prices have continually risen over time ; the price customers pay roughly doubles every 10 years , " Kagan said . "  I do n't see that changing . " How about service quality ? If history holds , subscribers to both companies could be in for some bumps along the way . "  Whenever there are mergers of two large customer-service providers ... we tend to see quite a few problems , " said David VanAmburg , managing director of the American Customer Satisfaction Index , citing surveys about mergers between airlines , banks and other companies . He said problems could be caused by hiccups in merging customer database -- things such as double billing or accounts getting lost . "  We 'd be surprised if a new hybrid Comcast-Time Warner does n't produce a lower level of customer satisfaction for a year or two , " he said . "  Customers have felt burned in the past by large mergers where choice is effectively reduced . " And it 's not like a lot of people are in love with their cable service to start with . Financial site MoneyRates.com released a survey Thursday in which 25 % respondents called cable companies the worst for customer service . That led credit card companies at 15 % , insurance companies at 14 % and phone companies at 12 % Past gripes about cable-TV and broadband companies have focused on high rates and the difficulty of getting customer-service help over the phone , according to ACSI research . Many consumers now pay more for TV and Internet service than they do for heat or electricity . Consumers in most areas of the U.S. do n't have a choice between cable TV providers , which makes them feel helpless when rates rise or service is poor , VanAmburg said . Would my cable offerings change ? In terms of services , this could be a win for Time Warner Cable customers . If the deal goes through , TWC customers would likely be offered Comcast 's wider menu of channels and services . While Comcast customers are n't necessarily satisfied all the time , a lot of its hardware and software has gotten high marks . In its announcement of the planned merger , Comcast said that , among other services , it offers "  50,000 video on-demand choices on television , 300,000 plus streaming choices on XfinityTV.com , Xfinity TV mobile apps that offer 35 live streaming channels plus the ability to download to watch offline later , and the newly launched X1 cloud DVR . " If the merger goes through , Comcast also would become the largest broadband provider in the United States . So Time Warner Cable subscribers would presumably have new options on that front as well .	Proposed Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger raises some concerns Some fear a massive cable company would mean higher rates for TV , Internet One analyst believes the move is more about market share Cable prices already are doubling every 10 years
London  CNN  -- A Pakistani woman went on trial in London Monday , charged with keeping a woman from Tanzania as a slave . Saeeda Khan , 68 , is accused of overseeing the visa and travel arrangements that brought Mwanahamisi Mruke , 45 from her home in Tanzania to London in October 2006 . When Mruke arrived in London , prosecutor Caroline Haughey told the jury , she was expecting to work as Khan 's housekeeper . In fact , the prosecution alleged , Khan treated her "  as a possession , not a person . " Mruke regularly worked 18-hour days , and would be summoned by the sound of a bell to attend to Khan . She was not allowed to leave the house , except to visit the supermarket or for medical appointments , and always accompanied by Khan , the prosecution said . In addition , the jury of nine women and three men was told , Khan kept Mruke 's passport and would listen in on her phone calls back home . When Mruke 's parents were dying , the jury heard , Khan forbade her to travel home , with the result that she did not get the chance to say goodbye to them before they died , nor did she get the opportunity to attend their funeral . The jury was shown pictures of what the prosecution said was a mattress and a single blanket , the bed on which Mruke was forced to sleep in the kitchen of Khan 's three-bedroom house in Harrow , northwest London . The jury also heard that Khan had failed to honor an employment agreement relating to Mruke . That document - which , the prosecution said , Mruke had no recollection of signing - described two forms of payment to Mruke . The equivalent of 50 British pounds  about $ 81  would be paid monthly into a bank account in Tanzania , while Mruke would receive 10 pounds as an allowance in London . The court was told that the 10-pound allowance had ceased to be paid during Mruke 's first year in the UK , and that the payment into the Tanzanian bank account had stopped after two years . Towards the end of the morning session , Mruke appeared as the trial 's first witness . She sat behind a screen , hidden from the defendant , who was sitting in the main part of the court , rather than in the dock , because she suffers from arthritis . But Mruke did not testify live on Monday . Instead , the prosecution showed a video of police interviewing her . Saeeda Khan denies the charge against her . The trial is expected to last five days .	A Pakistani-born woman is accused of keeping a slave in the United Kingdom Mwanahamisi Mruke worked for Saeeda Khan for years without pay , prosecutors say Mruke was not allowed to go home to see her dying parents , the jury hears Khan denies the charges
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took off her diplomatic gloves Thursday , challenging Pakistan to crack down on terrorist havens on its side of the border with Afghanistan . In a joint news conference with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Clinton -- in unusually forceful language -- laid almost all of the blame for recent terror attacks on Pakistan . The United States , she said , knows the Haqqani terrorist network operates out of havens in Pakistan . "  We intend to push the Pakistanis very hard , " Clinton said , calling it a "  time for clarity . " "  Our message is very clear : We 're going to be fighting , we 're going to be talking , we 're going to be building , " she said . "  And they can either be helping or hindering . But we are not going to stop our efforts to create a strong foundation for an Afghanistan free from interference , violent conflict and one that has a chance to chart its own future . " Clinton headed straight to Pakistan after her stop in Afghanistan , accompanied by CIA Director David Petraeus and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . She is expected to meet with Pakistani officials , including Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar , to stress that transitioning to Afghan security is in the interest of Pakistan , senior officials said . Earlier Thursday , Clinton 's focus was on Afghanistan , where she met with Karzai and other government officials for talks aimed at boosting reconciliation efforts in the nation . The top U.S. diplomat said she was working toward a peaceful Afghanistan . "  No people in the world deserve it more , " she said . Shortly before taking off for Pakistan , Clinton told reporters that the death of Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi , which at that time was not confirmed , would "  add legitimacy and relief to the formation of a new government . " Her visit to Afghanistan followed a stop in Libya , the first by a Cabinet-level American official since the ouster of the longtime strongman . She landed under tight security as forces loyal to the transitional government continued to battle Gadhafi loyalists . Earlier Thursday , Clinton met with representatives of Afghan civil society , including human rights activists who address various issues including education , gender-based violence and youth empowerment . "  These are some of my heroes , " she said as she greeted them at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Her visit comes as the nation pursues peace with the Taliban after years of insurgency . The effort suffered a major setback following the killing of Burhanuddin Rabbani , an Afghan political figure and former president who led the peace council . Rabbani was killed at home last month by suicide bombers posing as Taliban peace mediators . Clinton offered condolences to Salahuddin Rabbani , the oldest son of the slain leader , who was part of a roundtable Thursday . "  He tried to do the right thing , " she said . The United States supports Karzai and recognizes the blow to the peace effort since Rabbani 's assassination , the official said . In addition to the reconciliation efforts , Clinton also was to discuss Pakistan 's relations with the nation and the upcoming Afghan transition . Coalition forces are in the process of transferring security control to Afghan forces ahead of a U.S. drawdown set to be completed by the end of 2014 . The 33,000 additional American troops sent last year are scheduled to depart the war-torn country fully by September next year . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Hillary Clinton arrives in Pakistan after stern words on the need to tackle terror Clinton : We 're going to be fighting , talking and building in Pakistan CIA chief , Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman accompanying her Clinton says she is working toward a peaceful Afghanistan
CNN  -- He was the logical synthesis of John Wayne and Jack Benny . Interlace the Duke 's measured drawl and virile swagger with Benny 's comic timing and shrewd use of wordless exasperation , and you have James Garner , who died Saturday night in Los Angeles at 86 . His persona : Laid-back pragmatist ... or , if you needed to be a tad more provocative about it , coolly principled coward . It endeared him to generations of moviegoers and television viewers . Garner 's most cherished roles shared , to varying degrees , a bent gallantry that saw little need to advertise or flaunt itself before others . In his entry on "  The Rockford Files " -- the 1974-80 TV series in which Garner played a perennially , often unjustly besieged private detective living in a trailer -- Gene Sculatti 's "  The Catalog of Cool " summed up "  Gentleman Jim 's beat message : Very few expenditures of energy are worth the effort . Like Zen , man . " But Garner did not only embody this persona in "  Rockford Files ' " eponymous character Jim Rockford  for which he won a best actor Emmy in 1977  , but also Bret Maverick , the well-tailored Texas card sharp and reluctant do-gooder from the 1957-62 Western series "  Maverick . " That star-making role represented something relatively new in the cowboy genre : A manly hero , able to take care of himself , who was nonetheless far more inclined to use his wits rather than his fists to get out of a jam . More often than not , Maverick 's way was the winning way . Same with Rockford . If powerful gangsters leaned on him and told him to back off an investigation , Jim Rockford would weigh his options , consider the bruises on his face and decide the hell with it . Somehow things would turn out OK in the end without him losing any cred with his clients -- or his audience . Then there were those back-to-back Burt Kennedy Western spoofs , 1969 's "  Support Your Local Sheriff " and 1971 's "  Support Your Local Gunfighter , " in which he played separate versions of the slow-thinking , fast-acting wayfaring stranger who 'd rather do anything than be a hero . If the local pokey had no bars on its cells , no problem : All Garner 's character in "  Sheriff " needed was a bucket of red paint and a couple of well-placed faux bullet holes to make sure his prisoner did n't leave without permission . If these characters made skewed heroism look easy , it 's because Garner made acting look easy , too . His was the kind of nonchalant grace that in the 1930s or '40s would have made him a major movie star , at home in comedy or drama as were Cary Grant or Clark Gable . But things were n't always as easy for Garner as he made them seem . He was often beset with physical ailments during his long , grueling "  Rockford " run . And at the peak of his earlier "  Maverick " popularity , he left the series -- in its third season -- over a dispute with Warner Brothers and tested his luck with the movies . For a while , the movies did n't quite know what to do with him , casting him as stoic action heroes  with mixed results  in such World War II epics as "  Up Periscope "  1959  , "  The Great Escape "  1963  and "  36 Hours "  1965  . He was an effective foil for Doris Day in 1963 's "  Move Over , Darling " and "  The Thrill of It All , " but was miscast in "  Grand Prix "  1966  where his best scenes were arguably behind a race car 's wheels . One picture , however , shines like a beacon from this period : "  The Americanization of Emily "  1963  , which Garner always cited in interviews as his favorite -- with most of his fans in agreement . The lead role fit him like the proverbial glove : Navy Lt. Cmdr. Charlie Madison , whose relatively cushy World War II posting as an admiral 's aide-de-camp in London first repels , then attracts a prim British war widow  Julie Andrews  bemused by his staunch dedication to cowardice in the midst of war . Charlie , speaking as if he were a lineal descendant of Brother Bret Maverick , insists throughout that cowardice is the only honest , rational response .  Because it 's a comedy , he naturally ends up on Omaha Beach trying to get away from Nazi bullets . "  So far this war , " Charlie explains to the widow 's widowed mother , "  we 've managed to butcher some 10 million humans in the interest of humanity . Next war it seems we 'll have to destroy all of man in order to preserve his damn dignity . It 's not war that 's unnatural to us , it 's virtue . As long as valor remains a virtue , we shall have soldiers . So , I preach cowardice . Through cowardice , we shall all be saved . " Such words were warmed to near-humidity by screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky -- by way of William Bradford Huie 's novel . But it took an actor of Garner 's innate charm , unassuming earnestness and modulated intensity to drive them home and let them resonate nearly 15 years into the new millennium . Charm and modulation are n't Oscar bait -- and the closest Garner came to getting one was a best actor nomination for 1985 's "  Murphy 's Romance " in which he played a liberal small-town pharmacist wooing Sally Field 's overwrought , overburdened divorcee . But Garner won something in the long , fertile run of his life 's work that other actors would covet even more : Abiding affection from audiences , so deep and wide that they were always glad to see him show up on big or small screens in any context , any role of any dimension . In his later interviews , Garner insisted that all he ever wanted in life was for people to smile whenever they thought of his name . Done , and done .	Gene Seymour : James Garner won a devoted following playing the coolly principled coward He was noted for "  Rockford Files " and "  Maverick , " in which he played reluctant do-gooder Seymour : His movies uneven , but "  The Americanization of Emily " was a perfect fit Seymour : Garner 's persona was not Oscar bait , but audiences loved him
CNN  -- They 've been man 's best friend since the beginning of time . And now , thanks to modern technology , two best friends are together again . When Giuseppe DiBella 's beloved 6-month-old puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh , New York , he immediately plastered countless fliers around town showing pictures of Nika as well as the toy fox terrier 's microchip number . But no luck ... time ticked on , and two years passed . While DiBella may have been devastated , he says he "  never gave up . " In mid-September , the 3-pound pooch showed up at the front door of a home in Ocala , Florida , more than 1,000 miles away . A neighbor brought the wayward dog to the animal clinic where she worked and had her scanned for a microchip . That microchip led Marion County Animal Services to DiBella , and they emailed him with the news he 'd been hoping for . "  I was so surprised when I realized it was in Florida , " said DiBella . "  I did n't even know where Marion County was . " DiBella made the trek to Florida this week to pick Nika up from a family friend who has been caring for her . When CNN asked how his little pup could 've made her way from New York to Florida , DiBella replied , "  I have no idea . " Maybe the dog just wanted to be a snowbird . But one thing is for sure -- Nika 's is quite a tail to tell .	Giuseppe DiBella 's puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh , New York The tiny toy fox terrier turned up in Ocala , Florida , 2 years later Scan at animal clinic found her microchip number , which led to DiBella He made the 1,000-plus-mile journey to Florida this week to bring Nika home
CNN  -- My dad still uses an old flip phone . It 's gray . It 's clunky . And its two ringtone choices are an early recording of Greensleeves or a dramatic poetry slam by Grover Cleveland . But it works for him . And that 's all that matters . Besides , how proletarian could it possibly be when even the billionaire owner of the Dallas Cowboys , Jerry Jones , uses one ? The world sort of took notice of Jones ' phone last week at the Arizona State-Notre Dame football game which was , for recruiting and financial reasons , being played at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas . The venue is now known as AT&T Stadium . But you can call it the Flip Phone Dome . Because , at one point , Jones appeared on the game 's TV broadcast while talking on his flipper inside his luxury box . And that 's when the tweets started pouring out . ESPN anchor , Matt Barrie , wrote : Jerry Jones is worth over a billion dollars , but my man still uses a flip phone ... #BlessHisHeart And Cork Gaines , a sports writer for Business Insider , posted a screen grab from his TV . So , clearly , viewers were jarred by the sight of this very wealthy man using something many of us now look at as a museum piece . Mind you , this would be in the world 's crappiest museum . "  Excuse me , ma'am . No taking pictures of the RAZR . " What 's interesting about this is that it 's not like Jones ca n't afford a smart phone . He just chooses not to have one . And you kind of have to respect that . Jerry Jones . The billionaire hipster . But I still wonder why a man who , otherwise , seems so committed to technology has such an old-school mobile device . Remember , his football stadium holds one of the world 's largest , most advanced high-def video boards -- it stretches 160 feet wide and 72 feet high . If the stadium roof were open and you were standing on the moon with nothing else to do , you could watch Cowboys games . I would n't . But you could . After all of the outrage and amazement about his phone , Jones later went on the radio with 105.3 The Fan -LSB- KRLD-FM -RSB- and addressed the non-situation situation . "  I do n't know what to say other than I can guarantee AT&T is on the top of that flip phone , " he said . "  It works for me . I do n't have any butt-dialing with that thing . I know that . " He 's got a point . It 's been so long since I 've actually owned a flip phone that I 've really forgotten what the experience even feels like . Fortunately , though , I have n't had too many problems with butt-dialing . However , I 'd like to think mine would be rather pragmatic about his decisions to use the phone . "  Hey , it 's Jarrett 's ass . Can I swing by and borrow a cup of flour ? " He likes to cook . At this point , I do n't think I could ever go back . But there are definitely some strong arguments supporting the use of flip phones even though smartphone prices really are n't that bad these days . Right now , for example , an iPhone 5C starts at $ 99 . Which is fairly affordable . Of course , you 'll have to live with the fact that people will think your phone was a victim of some sort of horrible paint explosion . But if you can get past the fact that its color can not be found anywhere on the natural spectrum , you 'll be good to go . Until the battery dies . That might be a legitimate argument for flip phones . They do tend to last longer by virtue of the fact that they 're not trying to power a million different apps , all of which are keeping you from performing your duties at work . Hell , maybe that 's why Jerry Jones is so successful . He ca n't be bothered with all these distractions . Whereas , at this very moment , the following apps are currently running in the background of my iPhone : Messages , Safari , Facebook , Twitter , Clock , Evernote , USA Today Crossword , Reddit Pics , The Weather Channel , Instagram , Fox Sports , Clock , Camera , RSA SecurID , Tottenham Hotspur , Mail , Calendar , Remote , ESPN ScoreCenter , Key Ring , Google Maps , YouTube , MyRadar , and Settings . Currently running on Jones ' phone : Phone . Clearly , one of us is more distracted . And perhaps there 's a correlation between focus and wealth . Jones ' net worth : $ 3 billion . My net worth : A Diet Coke and some pineapple chunks . So , there 's that . Also , flip phones are arguably more durable . All the glass and major features are protected when you close them up . Whereas , with a smart phone , everything on the planet is basically a ball-peen hammer . Of course , water is the ultimate death blow to any phone . Which is kind of sad . Remember when pushing somebody in the pool was funny ? Now it 's a $ 200 investment . Anyway , I 'm sure there 's someone in your life who still uses a flip phone . So , share this with them and tell them it 's OK . One of the richest men in the world is on their team . Jerry Jones . The billionaire hipster . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Jerry Jones , owner of the Dallas Cowboys , was spotted using a flip phone Jones ' net worth is $ 3 billion Price is n't much of a factor , but there are still reasons to own a flip phone
CNN  -- Ten years ago , politicians and pundits liked to say , "  9/11 changed everything . " For a while , it seemed true . Now it seems like a vanished era . Today , nothing changes anything . No matter what happens , our thinking remains frozen exactly in place , impervious to new experience and new evidence . On December 14 of last year , a deranged man fatally shot and killed 20 students and six teachers with an assault-style rifle , the second deadliest mass shooting in American history . In response , the country has done ... nothing whatsoever . No changes to gun laws . No changes in the treatment of the mentally ill . Last week , a Senate filibuster stopped the milk-and-water Toomey-Manchin proposal to tighten  slightly  background checks on would-be gun purchasers . Early in 2013 , Mike Lupica of the New York Daily News reported Adam Lanza 's obsessive fascination with prior mass murders . " -LSB- I -RSB- nvestigators found ... a chilling spreadsheet 7 feet long and 4 feet wide that required a special printer , a document that contained Lanza 's obsessive , extensive research â $ " in nine-point font â $ " about mass murders of the past , and even attempted murders . But it was n't just a spreadsheet . It was a score sheet . ` We were told  Lanza  had around 500 people on this sheet , ' a law enforcement veteran told me Saturday night . ` Names and the number of people killed and the weapons that were used , even the precise make and model of the weapons . It had to have taken years . It sounded like a doctoral thesis , that was the quality of the research . ' " The next would-be mass murderer can take up Lanza 's obsession from where he left off , with not a single new barrier in his way . Virginia Tech  the deadiest school shooting in U.S. history back in 2007  made no difference . The Aurora movie theater mass murder made no difference . The attack on former Rep. Gabby Giffords made no difference . Nothing changes anything . It 's not just guns . With economics too , nothing changes anything . Over four years , policymakers in Europe and the United States have argued about public debt . In a recession , should government run deficits to substitute for weakened consumer demand ? Or should they cut spending to balance their budgets , accepting pain now to avoid even greater pain later ? Republicans in the United States and the German government in Europe have argued for the second option . Advocates of austerity cited a powerful study by two acclaimed economists , Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff . The Reinhart-Rogoff study demonstrated  or appeared to demonstrate  that once public debt climbed past 90 % of GDP , a country 's future growth slowed , putting at risk the entire next generation . Then , last week , a 28-year-old graduate student demonstrated that the Rogoff-Reinhart study contained a basic spreadsheet error . Correct the arithmetic , and you found that the connection between public debt and future growth was almost perfectly random : sometimes high-debt countries grew ; sometimes they did n't ; it all depended on other factors . The most important piece of advice in favor of the "  cut now " school of thought collapsed into rubble . And the result ? Nothing , barely even a word of acknowledgment from the people who 'd been citing the study and condemning people to the harmful effects of austerity for the past four years . Nothing changes anything . On this site a few days ago , CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette expressed worry that the Boston bombing , allegedly by two alienated young immigrants , might harm the prospects for the Senate immigration deal . He need n't fret . Nothing changes anything . The Fort Hood massacre changed nothing . The Time Square bombing attempt changed nothing . The presence of so many of the 9/11 hijackers on overstayed visas has changed nothing : there is still no mechanism for confirming that persons who enter on visas depart on time . Why would one expect Boston to change anything . ? The immigration debate has been resisting new information for years , not only in the traumatic and of course rare instances of terrorist acts by immigrants and their children , but even more in labor economics . Much thinking about immigration remains shaped by statistics from 30 and 40 years ago , when immigrants arrived with higher levels of education than natives and equaled native wages within a decade . We do n't need horrifying acts of violence to prove that the United States is choosing its immigrants unwisely . Until 1970 , immigrants to the United States were better educated than natives . Immigrants who arrived before 1970 took a decade or so to adjust , but then earned more than natives . Since 1970 , however , the skill levels of immigrants to the United States has sharply deteriorated . Relying on data from the 2010 Census , the Center of Immigration Studies observes : -- 23 % of all immigrants and their U.S.-born children live in poverty , almost double the rate for U.S. natives ; -- Immigrants and their children accounted for one-fourth of all persons living in poverty ; -- Immigrant-headed households are 50 % more likely than the native-born to use at least one welfare assistance program , such as food stamps or Medicaid . Yet even so , the president and the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " insist : the United States must continue to keep its doors open to the least skilled and ought to actually increase its total immigration intake , as well as granting legal status and eventually citizenship to the present illegal population . Nothing changes anything . You might almost call it a testament to human fortitude , if the results were not so perverse and the outcomes so costly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : After the terror attacks of 9/11 , people said they "  changed everything " He says today 's frozen politics means that the Boston bombings wo n't change things He says even the Newtown killings did n't shift politics enough to widen gun control Frum : Advocates of fiscal austerity are n't admitting their policies are faulty
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan faces new criminal charges in California , filed just hours after the actress was arrested in New York in connection with an alleged early morning fight at a nightclub . Lohan 's latest legal troubles could send her back to jail because she is on probation for a necklace theft conviction . Lohan 's convoluted path through the criminal courts system and her struggle with drugs and alcohol has taken her to court 19 times and to five rehab facilities for a total of 250 days since January 2007 . Lohan , 26 , was arrested at a Manhattan nightclub after an alleged fight about 4 a.m. Thursday , the New York Police Department said . Lohan may have hit another woman at the Avenue Lounge , police said . Authorities declined to say whether she faced charges . "  Once again , Lindsay Lohan is a victim of someone trying to capture their 15 minutes of fame , " Lohan 's New York lawyer , Mark Heller , told CNN . "  From my initial investigation , I am completely confident that this case will be concluded favorably and that Lindsay will be totally exonerated . " ` Liz & Dick ' producer talks the risky business of hiring Lindsay Lohan Across the country in Santa Monica , California , the city attorney filed four charges against Lohan Thursday morning in connection with a car crash last summer . She is accused of giving false information to a police officer , obstructing or resisting a police officer in performance of his duty and reckless driving , according to the city attorney 's office . While these charges are all misdemeanors and would not alone normally result in jail time , the Los Angeles city attorney , who successfully prosecuted the actress for stealing a necklace in 2011 , could ask a judge to revoke her probation . A decision by the Los Angeles city attorney could come as soon as Friday , spokesman Frank Mateljan said . While it would likely be several days before the prosecutor gets confirmation of Lohan 's New York arrest , the Santa Monica charges filed Thursday should reach the Los Angeles city attorney 's office sooner . The timing of a decision on seeking a revocation of Lohan 's probation for the shoplifting conviction depends on the workload in the prosecutor 's office , Mateljan said . The Santa Monica charges stem from a car crash last June while Lohan was on her way to the set for the filming of "  Liz & Dick , " the Lifetime movie that aired this week . She is accused of telling police her assistant was driving the Porsche , while witnesses told investigators they saw Lohan behind the wheel . "  During the subsequent investigation , information was developed that Lohan was the driver of the Porsche when the accident occurred , " the Santa Monica prosecutor said in a statement to CNN . Lohan : Keep me on set , it 's safer that way CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Marina Carver contributed to this report	NEW : She 's "  a victim of someone trying to capture their 15 minutes of fame , " lawyer says Santa Monica prosecutor accuses Lohan of lying to police after wreck L.A. prosecutor may decide soon on whether to try to revoke probation Lohan is arrested at a Manhattan nightclub after an alleged fight early Thursday
CNN  -- Clouds intrigued me as a boy . I was curious about what they were made of , how they got up in the sky and what it would be like to sit on one . I also thought they looked beautiful . Kids are often entranced by clouds . Unfortunately , such positive feelings rarely endure into adulthood . As we grow up , we start to moan about clouds . We consider them as metaphors for doom and gloom , describing someone who 's depressed as "  having a cloud hanging over them " and bad news in store as "  a cloud on the horizon . " Watch Gavin Pretor-Pinney 's TED Talk Clouds get a bad press . That 's why , a few years ago , I started the Cloud Appreciation Society . It exists to remind people that , far from being things to complain about , clouds are among of the most diverse , evocative , and poetic parts of nature . TED.com : Sculpting waves in wood and time It must be because they are so commonplace , so ubiquitous , so everyday , that we become blind to the beauty of clouds . We only tend to notice them when they block out the sun . So they come to represent the annoying obstructions in life , the things that get in the way . Our feelings about the weather are often articulated as if there is a battle between the sun and the clouds -- between good weather and cloudy weather . Such an opposition is , of course , just projection . The sun 's energy powers the very movement of air around our atmosphere that causes clouds to form . "  The most beautiful thing in Nature , " wrote Henry David Thoreau , "  is the sun reflected from a tearful cloud . " TED.com : Tom Shannon on anti-gravity sculpture Not only should we appreciate clouds more , we also need to understand them better . The recent fifth report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change includes one conclusion that all sides of the climate change debate can agree on . This is that the one factor contributing the greatest uncertainty in scientists ' attempts to predict future global temperatures is the clouds . They have a huge and complex effect on the flow of energy to and from our planet , sometimes reflecting away the sun 's heat , sometimes trapping in Earth 's warmth . Scientists still do n't understand enough about the formation of clouds to predict with confidence how cloud cover will be affected by changing atmospheric conditions . Without knowing that , they can neither be sure how the clouds will amplify future changes in global temperatures and nor make confident predictions about our climate in decades to come . But on the ground , in the meantime , the pleasures of cloudspotting , are all about the here and now . There is a satisfaction in learning to recognize the different types of cloud , from the fair-weather cumulus to the high , wispy cirrus , the fierce cumulonimbus storm cloud and the many other rare , unusual and fleeting cloud forms . TED.com : Nature , beauty , gratitude Finding shapes in the clouds is an aimless , carefree pastime that we adults should also do more of . The digital age conspires to make us feel busier than ever . Cloudspotting , by contrast , is an activity that legitimizes doing nothing . These days , we need excuses to do nothing . Happiness comes not from a desperate search for stimulation elsewhere but from finding what is intriguing , surprising and "  exotic " in the everyday stuff around us . You do n't need to cross the world to be amazed . You just need to step outside and look up , every now and then , as if you are seeing the sky for the first time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gavin Pretor-Pinney .	Gavin Pretor-Pinney : Clouds entrance kids , but for adults are often metaphors for gloom But he says they are one of the most diverse , evocative , poetic parts of nature . He says scientists puzzled by what clouds can tell about predicting future climate change Pretor-Pinney : In frenzied age , cloudspotting legitimately , blissfully allows us to do nothing
Spanish champions Real Madrid were paired with their English counterparts Manchester City as the draw for the European Champions League was made Thursday in Monaco . The heavyweight pair will also have Borussia Dortmund and four-time winners Ajax Amsterdam for company in Group D , with only the top two going through to the last 16 knockout stages . Roberto Mancini 's City were knocked out in the group stages of last season 's competition , won by fellow English Premier League side Chelsea , while Real Madrid fell at the semifinal stage to Bayern Munich . The "  Group of Death " contains all champions of their respective leagues with Dortmund claiming the Bundesliga title for the second straight year and Ajax winning the Dutch crown . Chelsea have Serie A winners Juventus for company in Group E , along with Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine and Danish new boys Nordsjaelland . Chelsea , who beat Bayern on penalties in last season 's final , would be the first team to defend the title in the Champions League era . Barcelona , beaten so dramatically by Chelsea in last year 's semifinals , have Benfica of Portugal , Russia 's Spartak Moscow and Scottish champions Celtic in Group G. Three-time champions Manchester United were drawn in Group H with Portugal 's SC Braga , Galatasaray of Turkey and Romanians CFR-Cluj . Like their city rivals , United fell at the group stages in last year 's competition after losing at FC Basel and will be keen to avoid a similar fate . Bayern , still smarting at their defeat to Chelsea in their own Allianz Arena back in May 's final , have Spain 's Valencia , Lille of France and BATE Borisov of Belarus in Group F. Seven-time winners AC Milan , who have lost several key players in the transfer window , were joined by Zenit St. Petersburg of Russia , Belgium 's Anderlecht and Malaga of Spain , who are making their debut in the Champions League . New French champions Montpellier are also appearing for the first time and having sold star striker Olivier Giroud to Arsenal will face the Gunners in Group B. Bundesliga Schalke and Olympiakos of Greece complete the section . Big spending Paris St Germain were pitted in Group A with Dinamo Kyiv of the Ukraine , Portuguese giants Porto and Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia . All the teams will be bidding to make the final of this year 's competition which takes place on May 25 at Wembley Stadium in London .	European Champions League draw made in Monaco EPL champions Manchester City drawn in same group as Real Madrid Borussia Dortmund and Ajax also in tough looking Group D Title holders Chelsea in same group as Serie A champions Juventus
On the Sunday after the Newtown massacre , President Barack Obama traveled to Connecticut to comfort the grieving community . As the president offered what he could to the town , other American communities , in less visible ways , were grappling with their own menace of violence . In Camden , New Jersey -- a city that has already suffered 65 violent deaths in 2012 , surpassing the previous record of 58 violent deaths set in 1995 -- 50 people turned out , some bearing white crosses , to mourn a homeless woman known affectionately as the "  cat lady " who was stabbed to death  50 of the deaths so far this year resulted from gunshot wounds . In Philadelphia , on the same Sunday , city leaders came together at a roundtable to discuss their own epidemic of gun violence ; the year-to-date total of homicides is 322 . Last year , 324 were killed . Of those victims , 154 were 25 or younger . A councilman at the roundtable asked , "  How come as a city we 're not in an outrage ? How come we 're not approaching this from a crisis standpoint ? " The concerns go beyond Philadelphia . In the week following the Newtown massacre , there were at least a dozen gun homicides in Chicago , Detroit , Baltimore and St. Louis alone . In a year of highly publicized mass shootings , inner-city neighborhoods that are plagued by gun violence have continued to be neglected and ignored . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , large metropolitan areas account for more than two-thirds of deaths by gun violence each year , with inner cities most affected . The majority of the victims are young , ranging in age from their early teens to mid-20s , and black . To track these violent deaths , many communities and media organizations have set up agonizing online trackers -- homicide watches or interactive maps -- that show each subsequent victim as just another data point . These maps are representative of a set of issues far larger than the nameless dots suggest . In the immediate aftermath of Newtown , as politicians and public figures across America grapple with the horrible truths of gun violence , far less visible from the national spotlight is the steady stream of inner-city victims . The media is fixated , and with justification , on the string of high-profile massacres that have rocked the nation in Aurora , Colorado ; Tucson , Arizona ; Virginia Tech ; and now in Newtown . Yet in many of America 's neighborhoods most affected by the calamity of gun violence , there is a warranted exasperation -- residents are tired , tired of the ubiquity of guns , tired of fearing for their children 's safety , tired of being forgotten . Critiquing a narrow media focus does n't deny the horrible , tragic nature of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School ; mass shootings , however , make up only a small fraction of America 's shockingly high level of gun crime . In his study "  American Homicide , " Randolph Roth showed that while the overall risk of being murdered is higher in America than it is in any other first-world democracy , homicide rates vary drastically among groups . According to Roth , if current trends are maintained , one out of every 158 white males born today will be murdered , but for nonwhite males it is likely one of every 27 born today will be murdered . The stark difference in these racial trends can be traced to the high levels of racial segregation in America 's cities , which have created a spatial barrier between poor inner-city youths of color and more mainstream America -- a barrier that is often responsible for the lack of media and political attention paid to inner-city problems . Many experts claim that actually it is the spectacular nature of mass shootings that naturally magnifies media coverage and explains the resonance of these tragedies to the broader public . Inner-city violence on its own , however , does not suffer from a lack of awful , spectacular violence and calamity . In fact , the gruesome nature of violence in inner cities has contributed to widespread social desensitization to gun violence . How then do we explain the differing public responses ? An indicator of the difference of attention levels lies in the tone of the public rhetoric in the wake of mass shootings : "  This was supposed to be a safe community , " and "  This kind of thing was n't supposed to happen here . " These statements imply that in America 's leafy-green small towns and suburbs , gun violence is a shocking travesty ; it strikes against America 's perception of what is acceptable . In contrast , gun violence in the American metropolis has been normalized , and the public and media display a passive indifference toward the lives of inner-city youths . This normalization of inner-city violence is due in part , to the isolation and segregation of America 's ghettos from wider America , but it is also due to a sense that the victims of inner-city violence are responsible for their own condition . As Robert Sampson , a professor at Harvard University , has highlighted , the gun violence in American cities is born out of neighborhood characteristics such as poverty , racial segregation and lack of economic opportunity . This shortened explanation for the high levels of inner-city violence has often been mistaken to imply that it is the direct choice of inner-city residents to remain either in poverty or in their segregated community that leads to their victimization . In reality , the victims of inner-city gun violence are the victims of a dual tragedy . The first is that the poverty and segregation , which play a crucial role in spurring the downward cycle of crime , are the result of social arrangements predicated on longstanding oppression and prejudice . Through a complex mix of violence , institutional arrangements and exploitation , black Americans were pressured into ghettos , which are the hotbeds of contemporary gun violence . Their inability to escape their conditions is not a choice but rather the byproduct of continued structural discrimination . Slowing the tide of inner-city deaths through gun control is therefore a modern-day civil rights issue . If the refusal of America 's national politicians to move on gun control before Newtown represents a political failure and a paucity of American will , then the disregard for the lives of inner-city youths stricken by gun violence on a daily basis is an illustration of the limits of American compassion . The slaughter of young children en masse should be a moment of reckoning for any society , but there is a day-by-day , child-by-child slaughter occurring in America that has gone on too long and is yet to be reckoned with . If Newtown should teach us anything , it is that all of us in America share this same short moment of life , and that we all seek to ensure safety , security and prosperity for our children . As Vice President Joe Biden and the presidential task force meet to negotiate about what new gun laws to recommend , they must look to Sandy Hook Elementary and beyond . We need to protect the children of Newtown from the threat of future gun violence , but the children of Chicago and Camden and Detroit deserve the same long-term security . We may not be able to ensure absolute security for America 's children , but through smarter policy America can surely save more of its children from gun violence . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	While America was mourning Newtown victims , guns were claiming lives elsewhere in U.S. Authors : Media focus on mass shootings , but continuing violence also needs coverage They say inner cities suffer an epidemic of gun killings , and young are particularly vulnerable Authors : There is a day-by-day slaughter of children that must be stopped
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A militant group operating in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria said Monday that it had destroyed several major oil pipelines in response to a military offensive . File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said it had "  put out of operation " a Chevron storage facility by destroying several pipelines that fed into it . "  This will henceforth become our standard mode of operation , " the group said in a statement . The U.S.-based Chevron Corporation could not be immediately reached for an assessment of the damage . Nigeria 's military has been clearing the western Niger Delta region in a major operation against MEND . The armed militant group demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom they consider corrupt politicians . The group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer . "  We will continue our cat-and-mouse tactics with them  the military  until oil export ceases completely , " the MEND statement said .	Militant group operating in oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria destroys oil pipelines Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta has declared "  all-out war " Nigeria 's military has been trying to clear the western Niger Delta
London , England  CNN  -- The above map pinpoints various hotspots in London and the United Kingdom that have seen violent confrontations between police and hooded youths in the past three days . Riots and looting began in the north London suburb of Tottenham on Saturday August 6 and has continued in the nights since .	Monday night 's unrest the worst seen in current memory , Metropolitan Police say Police have arrested 525 people in London in the past three days and charged 99
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- CNN takes an in-depth look at South Korea , including how the nation is working to become a brand leader on an international scale and on how the nation is recovering from the global economic recession . Included in the coverage are looks at architecture , cars , cuisine and the business climate in the East Asian nation . In addition to its "  Eye on South Korea " coverage , CNN International 's interview program "  Talk Asia " will feature Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-sung starting Wednesday and K-pop icon and actor Rain . Among the highlights of the coverage has been South Korea 's first lady offering her tips on her nation 's cuisine to CNN anchor and correspondent Kristie Lu Stout . CNN 's Kyung Lah also takes a look at hour South Korea is revamping its economy to environmental-themed businesses .	CNN 's "  Eye on South Korea " programming focuses on East Asian nation Issues covered range from business to lifestyle topics South Korean first lady provides personal look at nation 's cuisine
Washington  CNN  -- OK , so Congress passed a bill , the President signed it into law and the government 's finally back in business . But with all the last-minute press conferencing , speechifying , and endless partisan tweeting , the one thing that was n't extensively discussed was the actual details of the bill . Since it evolved constantly and was pushed through at the 11th hour , things got a tad confusing . Here 's are the key points you need to know about the bill that saved the government : America can keep spending ... through January 15 This goes down as a ` win ' for President Barack Obama and the Democrats . Republicans tried to use the shutdown and the looming debt ceiling deadline to force spending cuts or even dismantle major parts of the Affordable Care Act , aka Obamacare . They got neither . 9 things we missed during the shutdown "  We fought the good fight , we just did n't win , " House Speaker John Boehner said on a local radio station . Now , there 's a little more time for both sides to hash out the bigger issues , like entitlement programs and tax reform . But Republicans have been badly bruised and are n't going to want to walk away empty-handed again . So , it 's safe to expect them to regroup , get on the same page , and take a hard line the next time around . There 's a little pork in the bill We run out of cash again ... on February 7 Mark your calendars , because we get to have this fight all over again in a few months . February 7 is the new date the Treasury Department will run out of ways to pay America 's bills . This legislation raised the debt ceiling just enough to fund the government for the next few months . The two chambers of Congress will now have to create a spending plan for the 2014 fiscal year . If negotiations break down , we may be in for another round of last-minute debt ceiling shenanigans . But what are the odds of that happening , right ? Show them the money ... for healthcare subsidies This was a win for Republicans , but they are n't exactly doing a group high five . Conservatives had been pushing for insurance marketplaces to confirm the income of those requesting health care subsidies since the Obama Administration scaled back the requirement months ago . It 's a pretty small bone to be thrown when you consider their starting point was an effort to totally defund Obamacare . But hey , a  small  win 's a  small  win . Furloughed workers WILL be getting back pay In an expected move , Congress agreed to pay back federal workers whose wages were withheld while the government was shut down . Remember the Capitol police officers , some of whom showed up to work out of a sense of duty and put their lives on the line when an erratic driver tore through the streets of DC ? They 'll finally get paid . Sylvia Burwell , director of the Office of Management and Budget , said furloughed workers should expect to return to work Thursday . Of course , in the midst of battling to keep the U.S. from defaulting , Congress took the time to load the 35-page deal with some choice pork spending . But that 's another story . 3 reasons not to celebrate the shutdown deal CNN 's Tom Cohen , Greg Botelho and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Current spending levels are authorized through January 15 We run out of money again on February 7 Income verification will be needed for Affordable Care Act subsidies Furloughed works will get back pay
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- At least 49 members of a wedding party are feared dead after a flash flood overturned a bus carrying them in the frontier Rajouri district of Indian-administered Kashmir , as heavy rain has caused flooding that has killed 20 other people . A senior government official told CNN that the bus was on its way to Lam village near Nowshehra in Rajouri , 150 kilometers  93 miles  north of the city of Jammu , when fast water overturned it on a causeway . "  A massive operation is on to recover the bodies from the flooded stream . However , our efforts are being hampered by heavy rains and strong currents , " said Jatinder Singh , a Rajouri district magistrate . He said the bus was carrying more than 50 passengers . "  Some passengers managed to jump off the bus . ... The exact number of passengers is not known yet . I do n't think there will be any survivors now , " he added . Heavy rain has been falling in Indian-administered Kashmir since Tuesday . The weather has put government authorities on high alert . Many villages and urban areas , including capital of Srinagar , have been inundated , with all waterways flowing above their danger marks . According to an official statement , flooding has claimed 20 other lives so far , and 50 homes have been damaged across the state . More than half a million sandbags have been prepared , the statement said , adding that people in flood areas are being told to move to safety . The Indian air force has been asked to keep an air rescue plan in place , the statement said . The local meteorological office has forecast no change in the weather until late Friday . Tour bus accident in Tibet kills at least 44	Victims , from in a wedding party , were swept off a causeway in Indian-administered Kashmir Rain has caused flooding that has killed 20 other people , an official statement says Heavy rain has been falling in the area since Tuesday , putting authorities on high alert . Fifty homes have been damaged across the state , according to the statement
CNN  -- On Wednesday night , on a small patch of lawn in central Ohio , generations of people bearing affection and gratitude will gather to say one last goodbye to Miss Barbara . That 's what she was called her entire adult life , and that 's the way she wanted it . Barbara Drugan was 85 when she died in the waning days of September , as a new school year was getting started . She was a young woman just out of St. Mary of the Springs Academy and the Ohio State University when , in 1947 , she commenced her life 's work : teaching kindergarten in Bexley , Ohio . For 32 years , Miss Barbara would greet new , nervous , excited groups of 5-year-olds in her classroom at the south end of the first-floor hallway of Cassingham Elementary School on Cassingham Road . That is where the memorial gathering will be held on Wednesday night : on the lawn right outside the window of her old classroom . And the reason the town will gather for Miss Barbara ... Well , if you have ever lived in a community in which one person 's devotion to the town , and to its residents , is a part of everyone 's memory , then you will understand . Miss Barbara never forgot a child 's face or a child 's name , even when the boys and girls had grown older and had children and grandchildren of their own . How she did it , I do n't know . She knew your name , she knew your parents ' names , she knew your brothers ' and sisters ' names -- 20 , 30 , 40 years after you had left her kindergarten class , she knew . "  She was everything to this town , " said Tim Madison , an attorney who lives in Bexley and who was a child in Miss Barbara 's kindergarten class in 1969 . "  She was a part of the town 's life for as long as many of us can ever remember . And she remembered each one of us . " That matters . In a world where relationships can be fast and fleeting , that matters . For generations , men and women who had once been her students would sometimes move away , pursuing jobs elsewhere or starting families in other parts of the country . When they would return for a visit years later and run into Miss Barbara as she walked around town , the sight of her face and the sound of her welcoming voice made it official : They were home . She dealt with the ups and downs that are a part of a long life with a smile and the will to keep on going . After she retired , there was an item in a local newspaper saying that the school had decided to have crossing guards at Cassingham Road and Fair Avenue . There had always been patrol boys and girls at the other end of the block -- at Cassingham and Elm , where there was a stoplight . But now the school was looking for adults to help out at the unguarded far end , and the story in the paper announced a time and place for a meeting for volunteers . Miss Barbara went to the meeting . She was the only one to show up . And for the next 27 years , as she grew old , she was on that corner every day , helping the children get safely to school . She was there in the rain and she was there in the snow , and once I asked her if it would n't be better for her to stay home in such foul weather . No , she said ; that 's when it was most important for her to be on duty , when visibility was bad and accidents more likely . In 1952 , in Miss Barbara 's kindergarten class , I met Jack Roth , who would become my friend for the next 52 years -- my oldest friend in life . Miss Barbara watched the friendship begin . When Jack died of cancer in 2004 , and his wife and daughter asked me to deliver the eulogy at his funeral , it was a very difficult day to get through . At the end of the service , as I followed his casket up the aisle , I felt a hand reach out from one of the seats , and hold my own hand . Of course . Miss Barbara . She never married ; if you read the formal obituaries last week , you might have surmised that she never had children . But that is untrue . She had hundreds of children ; hundreds upon hundreds upon hundreds , who she never forgot , and who never forgot her . Who loved her then . Who love her still . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says a favorite kindergarten teacher died ; her service is Wednesday He says the teacher , Miss Barbara , was much beloved and bound to her Ohio town He says she remembered names , was a touchstone for many ; later was crossing guard Greene : In a fragmented world of fleeting relationships , Miss Barbara mattered
CNN  -- He 's gone from being a backup dancer to the biggest thing in Asian pop culture , an actor and singer who has sold millions of albums . The 27-year-old South Korean has even faced down U.S. comedian Steven Colbert in a spoof dance-off . The comedy skit came about after Rain placed higher than him in Time Magazine 's 2008 online poll of the 100 Most Influential People . As well as a sense of humor and dance moves that shook Colbert out of his satirical posture to praise , Rain is also known as one of the hardest working men in the entertainment business . Rain , real name Jung Ji-hoon , broke into the notoriously tough world of South Korean show business with JYP Entertainment when he was just 18 years old . He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "  Speed Racer " appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox . As a singer with five albums to his name , he 's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world , and recently he faced your questions . Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick .	Korean pop culture sensation will be on Talk Asia later this month 27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in Hollywood films Rain will be appearing with answers to your questions
CNN  -- The New York Yankees ' World Series hopes may have just taken a hit , as shortstop Derek Jeter fractured his left ankle in game one of the American League Championship Series against the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night . Jeter suffered the injury while fielding a ground ball in the top of the 12th inning , with New York trailing 5-4 . He immediately went down in pain , staying face down momentarily . Jeter was helped off the field , putting no weight on the ankle , with fans chanting "  Derek Jeter ! " Yankees manager Joe Girardi confirmed the severity of Jeter 's injury after the game . "  It wo n't jeopardize his career , but he will not be playing anymore for us this year , " he said , adding it will likely take three months to recover from the injury . Girardi said Eduardo Nunez will be activated to replace Jeter 's spot on the roster . He added that third baseman Alex Rodriguez -- a former shortstop -- would not replace the Yankees captain at the position , citing that it 's been too long since he has played there . Detroit won the game 6-4 . Game two is Sunday afternoon in New York .	Jeter was injured during a game against the Detroit Tigers He was fielding a ground ball and went down in pain , staying face down momentarily Jeter "  will not be playing anymore for us this year , " the Yankees manager says
CNN  -- When Barack Obama took office in 2009 , it was clear that if he could do four big things , his presidency would probably be judged a success . The first , of course , was to pull the country out of its desperate economic crisis . The second was to extricate it from the Iraq War . The third was to finally achieve comprehensive health care reform . And the fourth was to make meaningful progress on arresting global warming . This last challenge was in some ways easiest to ignore : While you were shoveling snow last month , you probably did n't feel the urgency of climate change , though according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , it was in fact the fourth-hottest January since record-keeping began . But over time , it could prove more consequential than the other three combined . Five years later , Obama 's record on it is a mixed one . He wo n't get any significant legislation on the matter passed through this Congress -- or any legislation at all , to be honest . But using the power of the presidency , he may just have a bigger impact on global warming than most anyone predicted . That 's the good news . The bad news is , it almost certainly wo n't be enough . It 's easy to forget how the political environment has changed compared with just a few years ago . Before Obama took office , it looked as though Democrats and Republicans might work together to do something about climate change . Sen. John McCain had sponsored a bill to create a cap and trade system for carbon emissions , which at the time was considered a conservative solution to the problem , as it utilized market forces to control emissions . Many other prominent Republicans supported cap and trade as well . In 2008 , Newt Gingrich and Nancy Pelosi starred together in an ad imploring the country to address climate change . Yet today , opposition to doing anything about climate change has become the default Republican position . Even though many rank-and-file Republicans understand that the planet is warming , the tea party view has come to dominate their party . Climate denialism approaches the status of gospel truth among many Republicans in Congress , and it 's echoed regularly on the major conservative media outlets , from Fox News to the most popular talk radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity . As hatred of Obama and anything he touches has become the single highest Republican value , there is zero chance that they will join in any effort to address climate change . This has left the administration with two choices : do nothing or use the executive branch 's regulatory power to reduce carbon emissions wherever it could . It chose the second path . The administration 's latest move , which the President announced Tuesday , is a new measure mandating an increase in fuel efficiency for medium - and heavy-duty trucks , which account for 20 % of carbon emissions from transportation despite making up only 4 % of all vehicles on the road . This follows on a truly historic regulation the administration created in 2012 , which will double fuel efficiency for passenger cars by 2025 , to an average of 54.5 miles per gallon . And few people remember how much the 2009 stimulus bill focused on climate change . Time magazine 's Michael Grunwald , who wrote a book about the bill , argues that it was the largest green initiative in American history , pouring $ 90 billion into clean energy technologies , energy efficiency , upgrades to the electrical grid and a whole host of other efforts that could have a significant impact on carbon emissions over time . In 2009 , the Environmental Protection Agency officially made it policy to treat carbon emissions as a danger to human health and thus subject to its regulation . This January , the EPA published emission standards for new power plants that make it all but impossible for coal plants to be built  even though few coal plants were planned , given the recent natural gas boom  . Its next task is to set new limits for the existing power plants that account for so much of our emissions . Finally , it 's clear that climate change will play a significant role in the administration 's foreign policy efforts during Obama 's second term . Secretary of State John Kerry has long been an advocate for action , and as he told an audience in Indonesia , climate change is a threat as great as terrorism , poverty or weapons proliferation . American efforts to reduce emissions will be for naught if other countries do n't take action as well -- China passed the U.S. a few years ago to become the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases and continues to build coal plants at a furious pace -- and Kerry 's tenure will be judged in no small part by how much progress he can make in this area . That all sounds like relatively good news . The administration has worked on many fronts to reduce carbon emissions , which have declined in three out of the five years Obama has been in office . That 's in part due to the fracking boom that has made natural gas competitive with coal , but many of the administration 's steps could yield significant long-term benefits . Even so , these measures will get us only a fraction of the distance we need to go in order to make a real impact on climate change . Ask a climate scientist , and you 'll get a depressing take on our future , where things like moving from coal to natural gas do only the tiniest bit to delay what could be catastrophic consequences of climate change in decades to come . NOAA has also noted that 2013 tied for the fourth-hottest year on record . So we can give Obama credit for what he 's done , and he should certainly keep trying to do more , even in the face of unceasing opposition from Republicans and well-heeled interest groups . Politics , as the old saying has it , is the art of the possible . Truly fixing the problem in a comprehensive way , given our current political environment , may never have been possible . Years from now , we 're likely to look back and say that Obama gave it a good shot . But it was n't nearly enough . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman says Obama wo n't get climate change legislation through Congress Opposition to anything on the issue has become default GOP position , he says Administration is left to do what it can through regulatory power , he writes Waldman says that unfortunately , it wo n't be enough in the long run
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of international visitors come to Nepal each year to explore the spectacular Himalayan Mountains , providing poor communities with millions of dollars that they desperately need . The perils of that endeavor revealed themselves in stark fashion Tuesday , when at least 17 people from around the world died after being trapped in heavy snowfall while trekking at high altitude . A dozen of the deaths were in the popular Annapurna region , Nepal army spokesman Niranjan Shrestha said , while another five were in the neighboring Manang district . Officials say more people are missing and it is feared the toll could rise . This is already one of the deadliest such tragedies in the history of Nepal , a nation of about 26 million known worldwide for its spectacular mountain ranges , including Mount Everest . The deaths -- said to be the result of two days of unusually heavy snow caused by Cyclone Hud-hud in eastern India -- come only six months after tragedy last struck on the slopes of Mount Everest . Then , a bruising avalanche of ice swept 16 Sherpas to their deaths . After the accident , which came right before the peak season in May , many Sherpas refused to climb and at least six companies that lead Everest expeditions called off their 2014 climbs . While only the fittest sign up for a mountaineering feat like climbing Everest , trekking through the dramatic Himalayan landscape -- while challenging -- is accessible to many more . Last year , 102,000 foreigners came to Nepal to take part in trekking and mountaineering , the vast majority of them trekkers . The Annapurna region is the most popular trekking area in the country and attracts many visitors every fall , the better of the two seasons -- the other being spring -- to join organized multiday hikes . Conditions in the Himalayas can be cruel . But trekkers dying in snowstorms is almost unheard of . Bodies buried under snow The loss of lives Tuesday will affect many nations , and could dent confidence in an industry vital to Nepal 's economic well-being . Of the 12 killed in the Annapurna region , only four bodies have so far been recovered , of two Poles , an Israeli and a Nepali . Eight more remain buried under the suffocating snow . Their nationalities are not known , said Shrestha , the army spokesman . It is unclear if any more are missing , he said . The trekkers died Tuesday evening near the iconic 5,416-meter  17,770-foot  Thorung La Pass in Mustang district , the highest point of the 21-day Annapurna Circuit trek , he said . "  Those who stayed back in lodges because of poor weather survived , " he said . Two army helicopters on Wednesday rescued 38 more trekkers who were trapped in the unseasonably heavy snowfall , Shrestha said . Baburam Adhikari , the top government official in Mustang district , said 244 trekkers crossed the Thorung La Pass and came to the village of Muktinath on Monday and Tuesday . But there is no information on how many began the trek from the other side of the pass in Phedi . "  We do not know how many are missing , but there is a possibility that there are people missing , " he said . Those who died seem to have lost their way in the snow . A rescue team found a group of German tourists at midnight Tuesday , he said . Search operations will continue Thursday . About 50 kilometers  31 miles  to the west , five people -- two Slovaks and three Nepalis -- are missing after an avalanche Tuesday night at the base of Mount Dhaulagiri , the world 's seventh-highest mountain , police and a local outfitter said . Injured trekkers rescued Meanwhile , five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district Tuesday , and their bodies were found Wednesday , Manang district police official Narayan Datta Chapagain told CNN via phone . A Nepal army helicopter rescued three injured Canadians and their Nepali guide from Manang , Chapagain said , adding that he did not know about the condition of the injured . The details of the deaths of the four Canadians and one Indian are unclear , according to Chapagain , but he said they were caused by heavy snow . Nepal 's government has said it aims to welcome some 2 million visitors annually by 2020 , with tourism central to a sustainable national economy . It usually rakes in about $ 3 million from Everest climbers during the May high season . But most of the nearly 500 who had planned the ascent in 2014 abandoned their climbs , with only one Chinese woman making it to the summit . Journalist Manesh Shrestha wrote and reported from Kathmandu and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : Five people are missing after an avalanche near Mount Dhaulagiri , police say 12 trekkers died in the popular Annapurna region , near the highest point of a 21-day trek The victims include 2 Poles , an Israeli and a Nepali ; 8 more are buried under snow Five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district
CNN  -- Lionel Messi 's coronation as the FIFA World Player of the Year has been praised by his fellow-professionals , as the Argentine playmaker was handed his award at a star-studded gala ceremony in Zurich , Switzerland . The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , the 2008 winner , from the coaches and captains of men 's and women 's national teams -- completing a stunning year for the 22-year-old . "  Messi is an incredible player , " Chelsea and England captain John Terry told CNN . "  He is an absolute nightmare to play against -- so thankfully I do n't have to play against him very often . "  He really has got some amazing ability and there are only a couple of players in the world who can do the things that Messi does . "  Good luck to him on the award , he deserves it . " Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard , who like England compatriot Terry was named in the FIFA World XI for 2009 , also believes Messi was a worthy winner . "  He certainly got my vote . Messi is a genius , a magician on the pitch who can do special things with a football . He deserves the award and I am very pleased for him . "  On current form , over the past 12 months , he is certainly a worthy winner . " Former French international David Ginola , like Messi a player who could do magical things with a football , also believes the Argentine was a worthy winner . Speaking exclusively to CNN , Ginola said : "  Messi has been the top player of 2009 . He really is a player that you want to pay money to go and watch . "  He has so many talents , so many qualities and every time I have seen Barcelona play , he has been a delight to watch . "  When Messi gets the ball you expect him to do something special and he deserves the award as he is always providing something special on the pitch . "  It is a dream to watch a player like him , so thank god in the 21st century we have a player like him who can deliver such quality . "	Fellow-professionals praise Lionel Messi after his FIFA World Player of the Year victory The Barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , the 2008 winner England internationals John Terry and Steven Gerrard both believe Messi was a deserving winner
Tokyo  CNN  -- When the Japanese business community talks about the incredible bounce back of Japan 's supply chain , the name Renesas Electronics is usually on the tip of their tongues . You can see why . Their factory in the city of Naka is humming with life today , showing little signs of the devastation it suffered following the earthquake and tsunami a year ago . The remarkable part of Renesas ' success story is not that it was achieved , but that the full recovery of its plant happened months ahead of schedule . "  I was wondering if this sterile room or this factory would ever be the same again , " said Naka Plant general manager Takashi Aoyagi , pointing out the immaculate , sterilized production floor where the company 's microchips are manufactured . Aoyagi was at the plant when the magnitude 9.0 earthquake struck on March 11 , creating a force so powerful that he was thrown across a room with the furniture . Ceilings caved in , computers cracked and critical air filters were jammed with dust -- Renesas ' computer chips rely on sterile , dust-free conditions for production . Aoyagi was looking at a clean-up operation unprecedented in the firm 's history . The worldwide auto industry was also looking at an unprecedented problem because of the damage to this one plant . When 70 % of all drivers in the world start their cars , the microchip inside the vehicle 's computer whirls to life . This computer chip is essential to the car 's functionality , though most vehicle owners have no idea of its existence or that it traces back to Renesas Electronics . Drivers may still not know the name Renesas , but automakers got a jarring lesson in the importance of the company 's role in the car parts supply chain . The auto industry began to raise the alarm shortly after the earthquake -- production lines around the globe could grind to a halt without a rapid recovery at Renesas . The company , with its highly specialized technology , had forged a relationship with so many car manufacturers that the bulk of the industry relied on its microchip . New auto sales plummeted 37 % after disaster "  You have people outside of Japan who relied on most of components outside of Japan to not source from other countries . Thinking before , Japan would have been a very reliable source . Now understanding that it 's not the case , even for Japan , " said William Saito , a council member on national strategy and policy for Japan 's government . Automakers like Nissan say they learned that lesson and have diversified their supply chain . What that means for companies like Renesas Electronics is the company is looking at more competition and a demand for reductions from its buyers . Renesas ' president , Yasushi Akao , said the lessons of the supply chain break is another hurdle for Japanese companies , which already face economic headwinds of the strong yen and high production costs in Japan . But he believes his company can survive and even thrive amid the global economic pressure . "  I really believe it 's part of our company 's power , " he said . Akao points to the remarkable weeks after the quake . Thousands of workers descended on the Naka factory , working without electricity or running water in sub zero , winter weather . Half of the people working on rebuilding the company were volunteers from Renesas ' customers and partners . "  They never complained , " recalled plant manager Aoyagi , who still gets emotional thinking about the massive effort . He said the workers and volunteers organized themselves and even found ways to find water and food on their own , while focusing on getting the company back to pre-quake status . He admits his company is facing new pressures and will have to deal with them , despite the fact that the Naka factory is a shining example of the supply chain 's rebound . But he believes his company can do it . Aoyagi then paused and looked out at the sterile production room , busy with the massive orders from his customers around the world . He has recent history as proof of what determination can do .	Renesas Electronics , which makes microchips , suffered huge amount of damage Auto industry was also looking at an unprecedented problem because of the damage to this one plant When 70 % of all drivers in the world start their cars , the microchip inside vehicle 's computer whirls to life Thousands of workers descended on the Naka factory in the aftermath to clean up plant
CNN  -- A day after a report documented that many New Jersey homeowners hit hard by Superstorm Sandy were wrongly denied aid , the state announced that it will reopen the appeals process for those "  initially deemed ineligible " for funding . Richard E. Constable III -- commissioner of New Jersey 's Department of Community Affairs -- said in a statement Friday that those turned down for government money through either the Reconstruction , Rehabilitation , Elevation , and Mitigation  or RREM  program or for a Homeowner Resettlement grant will now have another chance to make their case . "  We want anyone who is eligible under the guidelines to have a full and fair opportunity to receive assistance , " Constable said , adding that applicants will receive a letter outlining how to appeal . This came after a report issued Thursday by the Fair Share Housing Center , an organization that advocates for the rights of poor homeowners . Public records obtained by the advocacy group show that 3,196 applicants were told by the Gov. Chris Christie 's administration that they were ineligible for the program , which provides up to $ 150,000 to cover the cost of rebuilding and elevating a home . Of the 1,033 who appealed the denial , 788 -- or 79 % -- were told they were , in fact , eligible for recovery funds A similar percentage of residents who were denied up to $ 10,000 to cover non-rebuilding costs also had their rejections overturned in the appeals process . The report shows that a majority of the applicants overall who were denied funds were minority homeowners . "  We were pretty shocked , " said Adam Gordon , staff attorney at Fair Share Housing Center . "  Thousands of people were wrongfully rejected , and it was impacting people all over the state . We were just shocked by the sheer magnitude of it . " Superstorm Sandy caused major devastation throughout New Jersey and neighboring states when it struck the U.S. mainland in late October 2012 . That includes ravaging many communities along the Jersey Shore such as Seaside Heights . The Fair Share Housing Center report came at a critical point in the recovery effort in New Jersey . The state is preparing to distribute $ 1.46 billion in a second round of Sandy funding . At the same time , the U.S. Attorney 's Office is investigating claims from Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer that members of the Christie administration linked Sandy recovery funds to her approval of a real estate development project in her city . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Those "  initially deemed eligible " for post-Sandy funding will get another chance A New Jersey state official says the appeals process will be reopened It follows a report that about 80 % of appealed rejections were later deemed eligible Superstorm Sandy struck New Jersey and other states in fall 2012
CNN  -- Think that President Barack Obama has done a back flip on Iraq and Syria , gotten that old-time religion and is now a convert to the "  let 's kill them wherever we find them " approach of his predecessors ? Think again , or at least lay down until the feeling passes . Indeed , stripped to its essence , what the President has outlined is n't some grand strategy to transform the region or even to "  ultimately destroy " ISIS ; it 's a much narrower transactional one to protect the homeland . And here 's why : The speech the President gave is quite consistent with who he is and what his priorities have been all along , particularly relating to counterterrorism . Sure he 's now morphed from a desire to avoid militarizing the U.S. role in Syria to a new willingness to do so . But the reason he 's traveled down that road is critical . It 's not some ideological crusade , fascination with nation-building or democratization of a new Middle East . ISIS now poses a threat to the homeland , a contingency that could not only directly threaten Americans but destroy his presidency as well . And the one area where Obama has been prepared to be ready to take on risk is in counterterrorism . Anti-terrorist in chief Indeed , it 's hardly a secret and it is a disappointment to many of his own supporters that this President long ago morphed into a much more disciplined and risk-ready anti-terrorist than his predecessor . He doubled down in Afghanistan ; used drones 10 times more than President George W. Bush  431 targeted killings  ; authorized the mission that killed Osama bin Laden ; dismantled much of al Qaeda central ; and has been involved in a giant game of Whack-a-Mole these past six years against bad guys from Pakistan to Yemen and Somalia . ISIS might not be a threat to the homeland now . According to the State Department 's Annual Report on Terrorism for 2013 , there were 17,891 global fatalities because of terror ; only 16 Americans were among them . But who knows how ISIS might direct its efforts in the future ? It 's richer , smarter and more capable than al Qaeda in many respects . And there 's quite a bit of time left on Obama 's presidential clock . He simply can not afford to play loose on this issue . Indeed he must be perceived and in fact deliver on doing everything he possibly can to preempt and prevent ISIS from striking here or in the region against Americans . He was n't 20 seconds intro his speech before he said the following : "  As commander in chief , my highest priority is the security of the American people . " And the polls demonstrate pretty conclusively that ISIS is on America 's radar screen and people see it as a real threat . Grand strategy ? Not really We 'd love to believe that all parts of the strategy the President laid out Wednesday night can work seamlessly in pursuit of that ultimate presidential responsibility . But it 's hard to imagine they will . Securing an end state in Iraq and Syria that will somehow lead to good governance and reduce the grievances on which ISIS feeds seems a real stretch . It wo n't happen quickly , easily or probably at all , certainly not without Syrians and Iraqis taking real ownership . And getting a bunch of constrained Sunni Arab allies on board who seem at odds with one another -- namely Saudi Arabia , Egypt and the UAE on the one hand and Qatar and Turkey on the other -- also seems very unlikely . Certainly plans to get Arabs on the ground to actually fight against ISIS -- now bandied about by some very smart people -- are also a bridge too far . Providing bases and money to train Syrians to fight , sure ; sharing intelligence , absolutely . But we need to keep our expectations very low . Any kind of Sunni Arab state coalition of the willing actually willing to enter the fight against ISIS on the ground seems like a fanciful scene out of a bad Hollywood movie . The only way the Arab states are willing to fight ISIS ? To the last American . Is the enemy of my enemy my friend ? Iran is another problematic piece of the puzzle -- and was not mentioned at all in the President 's speech . The administration has a short-term coincidence of interest with Iran against ISIS . We 've seen this movie before in the first Gulf War in the early 1990s when Iran condemned Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait and in Afghanistan in 2001 , when elements of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps were on the ground training and fighting alongside U.S. Special Operations forces to bolster the Northern Alliance . But the emphasis should be the on short term . Tehran has a different vision for Iraq and Syria than we do . Consider the machinations in Baghdad over the past decade by Qassem Suleimani , head of the Qods Force . So any notion that the enemy of my enemy is my friend just does n't add up in this case . Iran is n't America 's friend . Whether the administration can fashion an effective fighting force out of scores of Syrian militias is a very arguable proposition . Let 's road test it . But it will take time . In the interim , we will have enough difficulty operating against ISIS on our own without good intelligence and special forces on the ground , and getting at ISIS in the midst of a civil war . In the end , whether this approach works or not , the essence of the President 's policy will end up being driven by U.S. air power : Destroy ISIS from the air , certainly as they move across the border into Iraq and then as the intel improves , attack them in Syria , too , and empower our new allies to do so on the ground . After more than a decade of the war on terror against al Qaeda , if you asked us what the most immediate threat to the continental United States is , we would n't say ISIS . We 'd say al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula with its demonstrated capacity to make bombs and to try to attack America . Our point is n't to deny the success of counterterrorism efforts ; it 's to suggest that hitting one jihadist group usually means that affiliates and derivatives emerge . And that 's likely to happen even with great success against ISIS . This really is the long war . Fighting these people is like breathing . You just ca n't stop . We think the President gets all this . And frankly , there really is n't much more he could have said or in fact much more he could be doing . In the end , this is not about grand plans , designs and hopes to transform the Middle East -- one broken , angry and dysfunctional region of the world . For America , it 's about how to continue our track record : no al Qaeda-directed attacks on U.S. soil in 13 years . You can dress it up all you want with allies , coalitions , political reforms and inclusiveness . But Obama knows that in the end when stripped to its essence , it 's about killing bad guys before they have a chance to kill us .	Has President Obama reverted to George W. Bush 's policy on terrorism and the Middle East ? Aaron Miller says the President instead is narrowly focused on preventing homeland terrorism He says Obama long ago put his faith in counterterrorism , including drone strikes Obama knows his presidency will be judged partly on whether he kept U.S. safe , Miller says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Miss California USA pageant officials appear close to announcing if they will strip Carrie Prejean of her crown because of her lingerie photos and same-sex marriage statements . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in . The pageant 's first runner-up , Tami Farrell , who would assume the Miss California USA title if Prejean is disqualified , will be at a Beverly Hills news conference Monday to "  address many issues surrounding Miss California USA , " said pageant spokesman Ron Neal . The controversy began last month when Prejean , 21 , declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage . She finished as first runner-up to Miss USA . Calls for her dethronement took on renewed energy this week when at least two photos of Prejean from a lingerie modeling session were published online , which Neal said violated the contract she signed to be in the pageant . In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos were being used in a "  vicious and mean-spirited " effort to silence her for "  defending traditional marriage . " She vowed to "  continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is . " The presence of Farrell on the list of those expected to be at the announcement -- and the absence of Prejean -- may suggest officials already have decided to replace her . Shanna Moakler , co-executive director of the state pageant , met with Farrell this week to discuss the possibility of her taking over as Miss California USA , Neal said . Ironically , Moakler -- who was the 1995 Miss USA -- became a Playboy centerfold model . As a top official with the Miss California USA organization , she plays a key role in deciding if the lingerie photos of Prejean are too racy for a beauty queen . State pageant officials met this week with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal . "  When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " Neal said . Watch reaction to racy photos " CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification . The two photos show Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top . She is turned away from the camera , with an arm hiding most of her breast . It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider them semi-nude photos . During the pageant , contestants must parade across the stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin than the photos reveal . Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a professional model . "  I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said . "  Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . " She said the photos "  have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . " "  I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said . "  But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive . While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean-spirited attacks . " Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job . "  In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ . "  She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . " Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting what she called "  opposite marriage "  marriage between a man and a woman  funded by the National Organization for Marriage . "  Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign . "  There is something special about unions of husband and wife . Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . "	Miss California USA pageant officials to have Monday news conference Scheduled to be on hand : Tami Farrell , first runner-up Miss California USA Carrie Prejean might be stripped of title due to issues Prejean initially in news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
CNN  -- "  The future as a Rolling Stone is very uncertain . My ultimate aim in life was never to be a pop star . I enjoy it with reservations , but I 'm not really , sort of , satisfied either artistically or personally with it . " Brian Jones ' candid words in the first Rolling Stones documentary , 1965 's "  Charlie is My Darling , " are all the more poignant because the guitarist did , in fact , part ways with the band in 1969 . He drowned later that year . The Rolling Stones played four gigs over two days in Ireland in September of ' 65 . On the heels of the success of The Beatles ' "  A Hard Days Night , " the Stones ' then-manager , Andrew Loog Oldham , asked director Peter Whitehead to film the band . The result was "  Charlie is my Darling , " a film that was never officially released -- until now . Rumors of the film 's existence was the stuff of Stones ' fan folklore as the film reels sat untouched , gathering moss for four decades . At a pivotal point in their careers The Stones are celebrating their 50th anniversary , and "  Charlie is My Darling " captures the band at that pivotal point in their careers where they were right on the cusp of superstardom . "  I Ca n't Get No  Satisfaction " had just reached No. 1 on the charts . Lead singer Mick Jagger , guitarist and vocalist Keith Richards , drummer Charlie Watts , Jones and bass guitarist Bill Wyman were famous , but had yet to become rock superstars . The original film was only shown in a few theaters in 1966 before being shelved , but ABKCO Music & Records uncovered unused footage and teamed up with filmmakers Mick Gochanour and Robin Klein to restore and re-edit "  Charlie is My Darling " as a new film . The DVD/Blu-ray was released earlier this month . The Rolling Stones play impromptu gig Gochanour and Klein had been aware of the project since 1965 . They had tried to bring it to life in the 1990s , but the technology was n't quite there yet . With miles of material to sift through and footage in tatters , the project was put on an indefinite hiatus until last year , when Gochanour and Klein stumbled upon footage of The Rolling Stones on stage that they did n't even know existed . A meticulous process unfolds The painstaking restoration process was both time - and labor-intensive . It was n't uncommon to have to stop everything to mend the film by hand because of a splice or torn sprocket breaking in the film scanner . It took two days to scan one reel of film , which contained 30,000 to 40,000 frames per reel . With 35 cans to be scanned , they spent several months matching sources and repairing tears , scratches and chemical blotches by hand . After that initial frame-by-frame scanning , there was a grading process that brought the various disparate elements a little closer to being in balance , matching grain and tone . When all was said and done , over 90,000 individual frames were restored by hand . In addition , the many separate parts they were working with had to be balanced -- grain and tone had to be matched to convey the uniformity of being part of the same work . And that was just the picture portion of the film -- synching audio and video was a whole other beast of burden . "  There were many issues and challenges we were dealing with , " Gochanour told CNN , "  not the least of which was the audio . Since it was not shot as a concert film , there were no logs or documentation . " Gochanour and Klein spent eight months on the performances alone . "  It was a meticulous , painstaking process of looking for clues , " said Klein . "  An on-camera word , a gesture , the tempo , guitar chords . The amazing thing is -- and every fan should appreciate this -- we sometimes had three versions of a song and every version would drop in against picture and could be matched up . That is a testament to the lockstep nature of Charlie and Bill . And also Mick , particularly the spoken word sections . The cadence is nearly always the same . He breaks the line up in the same way every time ; he breathes at the same place . Many of his gestures remain to this day . He still hits his knee when he sings ` Time Is on My Side ' and slaps the air during ` Satisfaction ' . " Gochanour recalled finding the earliest existing footage of a live performance of "  I Ca n't Get No  Satisfaction . " "  I get chills to this day remembering what it was like to see ` Satisfaction ' with sound and picture for the first time , " he said . "  It was like finding a Picasso in grandma 's attic . It was a revelation . I had no idea how raw and visceral they were ; how incredibly tight and controlled at the same time . There was a punk attitude -- a direct communication . " A young Mick Jagger 's swagger In the film , a then 22-year-old Mick Jagger was interviewed . Still in his formative stages as a performer -- he had n't quite perfected the moves like Jagger -- the rock legend did exude a keen sense of self-awareness . "  Most successful entertainers have always been the most egotistical ones -- on stage , " he said . "  They might not be as egotistical as that offstage , but all that ego is got rid of onstage . " When asked what sort of person he was offstage , Jagger remarked , "  about half as egotistical . " Dispersed throughout the interviews are concert footage of entire performances of other early Stones hits such as "  Time Is on My Side " and "  The Last Time . " "  I do n't really know what I am on stage , " Jagger continued . "  It 's very different because you have to treat everybody differently . You have to be very , very , very egotistical because that 's -- I mean , you 're acting . You 're doing an act for them . It 's not really you . " Jagger also said that when the band 's first record hit the charts , he was convinced that The Rolling Stones would "  probably be around for a year or maybe a year and a half , and then it 's all going to be over . " Rocking the Irish countryside The band can also be seen traveling through the Irish countryside in a train car ordering tea with "  lots of sugar , " being mobbed by fans , hanging out backstage and tinkering with songs in shabby hotel rooms . Jagger and Richards were in the midst of writing "  Sittin ' on a Fence " in one scene . That song was n't formally recorded for another three months . Although the band was still finding its musical footing at the time , Jagger 's disdain for the pop music of his own youth provides a glimpse into what was to become of the band . "  Popular music was n't a real thing at all , " said Jagger . "  It was very , very romantic " with lyrics "  about things that do n't really happen ... very few of them actually mean anything or have any relation to what people are doing . ... They were just about being unhappy because your girl had left you , or being happy because you just met somebody . That 's all they were about about . The moon in June and the sky is blue , I love you . " Jagger also talked about 1960s society and how the times , they were a-changin ' . "  In the last two or three years , " he said , "  young people have been -- this especially applies to America -- instead of just carrying on the way their parents told them to , they 've started a big thing where they 're anti-war and they love everybody and their sexual lives have become freer . The kids are looking for something else , some different moral value because they know they 're gon na get all the things that were thought impossible 50 years ago . A whole sort of basis of society and values which were accepted could be changed , but it 's up to them to carry on those ideals that they have instead of just falling into the same old routine that their parents have fallen into . So it 's not until the people of 21 now reach the age of 75 -- those kids actually have to be grandfathers before the whole thing is changed . " In one of the most entertaining parts of the film , Jagger and Richards sing the tunes of their rivals -- The Beatles ' "  Eight Days a Week " and "  I 've Just Seen a Face . " Jagger also does an impressive Elvis Presley impersonation . What they wanted to be when they grew up Toward the end of the film , some of the band mates talked about their post-rock 'n roll life plans . Jones said he always wanted to be a filmmaker , Jagger considered going back to college , and Watts planned to go back to his former career as a graphic designer . But as it turned out , the Stones did not fade away . Incidentally , the film 's title is a reference to Watts . "  His was the personality that everyone felt was the most endearing -- and cinematic , " said Gochanour . Gochanour also explained the differences between the 1965 and 2012 versions of "  Charlie is My Darling . " He said he tried to "  give the audience a sense of what it was like to be at one of the shows when the band was just coming into their own . I was also trying to show the early effects of fame and notoriety -- and foreshadow the future . " Peter Whitehead 's 35-minute 1965 version , on the other hand , is more of an exploration of the band mates ' differing personalities . Gochanour , however , retained the original title because of the film 's cult status among Stones fans . He and Klein distinguished this new , 67-minute version by version by adding "  Ireland 1965 " to the name ; thus the new release is formally titled "  Charlie is My Darling : Ireland 1965 . " As The Rolling Stones celebrate the half-century mark as a band , a rare look at its members when they had n't yet hit the quarter-century mark as people really puts their resonating success in perspective . At one point , the interviewer asked Jagger what the secret to his success was . "  There is n't any secret , " he said . "  It 's all very obvious . " Rolling Stones : Never-before-seen photos	The first Rolling Stones documentary , 1965 's "  Charlie is My Darling , " has been released The film captures the band mates , all in their 20s , on the edge of super stardom Filmmaker Mick Gochanour uncovered the earliest footage of "  I Ca n't Get No  Satisfaction " Gochanour : "  It was like finding a Picasso in Grandma 's attic "
The man who shot up downtown Austin last week had the words , "  Let me die , " written in marker on his chest , the city 's police chief said Monday . Larry McQuilliams , 49 , was killed outside police headquarters Friday , after opening fire at a federal courthouse and a Mexican consulate , which he also seemingly tried to set ablaze . "  Folks are saying that this man was n't trying to hurt anybody . I beg to differ . "  He shot at an occupied police headquarters . It 's occupied 24 hours a day , and by the grace of God we were able to dodge quite a few bullets here , " Chief Art Acevedo told reporters . No one -- besides the suspect -- was killed or injured in the attacks , which the chief said could have been much worse . He said investigators found a map that included 34 locations marked as targets in McQuilliams ' possessions . The majority of the locations were either government buildings , including the ones that he attacked , or financial institutions , Acevedo said . The map included two churches . Investigators also found a book , "  Vigilantes Of Christendom , " the police chief said . Inside the book was a handwritten note that discussed McQuilliams ' rank as a "  priest in the fight against anti-God " people , Acevedo said . According to Christopher Combs , special agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio division , McQuilliams had mentioned to some people that he was upset because he could n't find a job and because , in his view , immigrants were able to get more services than he was . Authorities believe McQuilliams acted alone . "  We were very lucky , " said Acevedo . "  When you look at the fact that we had 34 buildings marked , I really believe that the men and women of the Austin Police Department saved lives . "	Larry McQuilliams , 49 , shot up downtown Austin last week ; he was killed Investigators found a map in his possessions that included 34 locations marked as targets Authorities believe McQuilliams acted alone
CNN  -- A man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern Australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said . A mature saltwater crocodile in the the murky waters of the Adelaide River , near Darwin in the Northern Territory . The two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in Australia 's Northern Territory Tuesday when a crocodile grabbed Jason Grant by the lower right arm , a spokeswoman for the area police told CNN . The second man , Zac Fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of Grant 's arm . But a second shot that Fitzgerald fired struck Grant in the upper right arm , said Northern Territory police spokeswoman Katie Fowden . Grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . His injuries were not life-threatening , Fowden said . The two men are workers at a crocodile farm in Darwin , the capital city of the Northern Territory . They were collecting the eggs legally , police said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Man rescues co-worker from jaws of crocodile in northern Australia He shot crocodile , causing it to let go of man 's arm , second shot hit man 's arm The two were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in the Northern Territory Wounded man 's injuries were not life-threatening
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- If cranes are a visual barometer of the economic vibe of a city then central Beirut is buzzing . Targeted car bombings linked to the ongoing Syrian conflict have raised anxiety and hurt overall growth in the Lebanese capital in recent years . But this seems to be a city that endures when it comes to real estate . During the boom years towards the end of the last decade , total sales rose by 36 % here hitting nearly $ 9.5 billion in 2010 , according to Bank Audi . And even though there was a slowdown last year , real estate purchases fell just 2.4 % to $ 8.7 billion . According to local property expert Freddie Baz , financial troubles elsewhere in the world have failed to dampen local or international interest in Lebanon 's high end property market . "  Despite figures which show some kind of slowdown or stagnation , there are 400 real estate projects which are ongoing in Beirut , corresponding to close to 2 million square meters of development , " Baz said . One such initiative is the 3 Beirut project in the center of the city 's bustling business district . Although a couple of years behind schedule , the structure designed by British architects Foster & Partners is comfortably selling units priced as high as $ 10,000 per square meter  $ 929 per sq ft  , senior adviser to the project , Farris Fara , told CNN . Elsewhere , developers like Karim Basal have been throwing up boutique , modern apartments with a total area between 30 and 70 square meters to cater for modern city living . On the city 's waterfront , meanwhile , British design firm Stow is making a statement with the edgy Le Yacht Club leisure and residence development . This particular area of the city has had huge support from Lebanese investors based abroad . Over the last 6 years , there 's been nearly $ 100 billion of net inflows into the country , more than half of which came in the midst of the financial crisis between 2008 and 2010 . "  At the end of the day , they  Lebanese investors  are working all over the world , Europe , GCC  Gulf  countries but they all need to come and own part of the country , " said general manager of Le Yacht Club , Walid Kanaan . Kanaan said he has sold a fifth of the flats ahead of the delayed opening in April with almost all going to Lebanese people outside the country . While these investors may not suffer the first hand effects of car bombs or other violent spillover from Syria , Beirut 's continuing appeal is a sign that this city has been shaken but not toppled during another period of regional uncertainty . See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Paris metro stations get stunning second life See also : Can tiny emirate outshine Dubai	Property in Beirut has grown impressively despite war in neighboring Syria Real estate purchases totaled $ 8.7 billion in 2014 alone Roughly 400 building projects are currently underway in the Lebanese capital , local experts say
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Soccer fans have never been shy about expressing their opinions , but this year 's World Cup in South Africa -- which will be the first of the "  social media age " according to many -- may see record levels of global interactivity . Sites such as Facebook , Twitter and YouTube were in their infancy in 2006 , when the last World Cup took place in Germany , but have since exploded in popularity . Social media now connects millions around the world -- 50 million tweets are sent daily while Facebook boasts more than 400 million active users -- a development that will allow fans separated by distance to celebrate goals or critique referee decisions together online . "  Football is the world 's biggest sport , so the world will practically stop for the month of the World Cup , " Matt Stone , head of new media for world soccer 's governing body FIFA , told CNN . "  There will be so much more media consumed , used and published in 2010 than in 2006 . Social media can bring fans closer together and give fans more opportunity to communicate with each other , " he added . FIFA has its own social-networking service on FIFA.com -- called "  The Club " -- which has 1.6 million members , but the organization is about to make a bigger push into social media . Stone said that Facebook Connect , which allows Web sites to be shared on Facebook , will be incorporated into FIFA.com and that FIFA plans to launch official Twitter accounts for the World Cup too . Stone would not give specifics but he said the accounts may include tweets from people in the "  top echelons " of FIFA . Could that mean tweets from FIFA president Sepp Blatter himself ? Stone would n't say , but he promised some "  exciting announcements in May . " Regardless of who does the tweeting for FIFA , expect to see a lot of tweets flying back and forth between fans when the action starts on June 11 . The match between the United States and England on the tournament 's second day should be particularly fun to monitor on Twitter . "  Our notion is that -LSB- the World Cup -RSB- will eclipse everything we have seen so far -LSB- on Twitter -RSB- including the U.S. election , the Oscars or the Super Bowl , simply because it is so international , " Robin Sloan , a Twitter employee that works on media partnerships , told CNN . Sloan suspects that during the month-long tournament , terms related to the World Cup will rank highly among the service 's "  Trending Topics , " a measure of the most popular discussions on Twitter . And during the last few days of the tournament , he expects World Cup discussion to "  absolutely take over Twitter . " So far , many fans have been using the Twitter hash tag #WC2010 when they tweet about the World Cup . Although Twitter is based in the U.S. , where soccer is not as popular in other parts of the world , the service is seeing its fastest growth outside of America , Sloan said . The service is now available in six languages , there are plans to add more , and a recent report found that only half of all tweets are in English . Twitter is also striking deals with mobile providers in other countries so that it is free for subscribers to send and receive tweets on their phones . Sloan said this is particularly important in countries such as South Africa , where access to computers and smart phones is limited . And it wo n't be just fans tweeting about the World Cup . Several top players including Brazil star Kaka and Landon Donovan of the U.S. are active on Twitter . Stone said FIFA has issued guidelines that players should not tweet from inside the World Cup stadiums , and it is up to individual nations to impose further restrictions . Already , England coach Fabio Capello has reportedly banned his players from posting to Twitter or Facebook during the World Cup . When there is a great goal , or a controversial penalty , fans will likely turn to video sharing site YouTube to watch the watch plays , create parody or "  mashup " videos and record their own reactions . "  Things like the World Cup really excite us because we see a level of engagement and interaction beyond what we normally see , " YouTube 's sports manager Andrew Bangs told CNN . "  Within minutes of the World Cup starting , we will certainly see thousands and thousands of uploads about the World Cup . " In 2006 , after French player Zinedine Zidane head-butted Marco Materazzi of Italy , hundreds of videos parodying the play were posted on YouTube . Some videos placed Zidane in a video game while others showed him in well-known movie scenes . YouTube 's popularity has surged since 2006 thanks in part to the advent of inexpensive video cameras and cell phones that can record and instantly upload video to the Web . Bangs predicts there will be more mashups and parodies during the World Cup as well as videos examining the political implications of an African nation hosting the tournament for the first time . He also says there will be lots of videos where fans put the camera on top of their television and record themselves reacting to a goal or red card decision , a relatively new phenomenon . "  We will see no limit to the uses and creativity that emerge around the World Cup , " Bangs said . Be sure to follow @WorldCupCNN on Twitter for all the latest World Cup news and information .	FIFA has social-networking service called "  The Club " with 1.6 million members " -LSB- The World Cup -RSB- will eclipse everything we have seen so far " -- Twitter "  Within minutes of the World Cup starting , we will see thousands of uploads " -- YouTube
Washington , Illinois  CNN  -- Steve Bucher knew something was ominous about the weather . "  The sky was just rumbling for 20 minutes , " Bucher said on CNN 's "  New Day , " on Monday , the day after a devastating tornado outbreak destroyed his Washington , Illinois , home and dozens of others in several Midwestern states . "  I told my wife I 've just never heard anything like this in my life . " Soon , she was begging him to go downstairs into their basement . "  Within 30 seconds , the house was literally vibrating from the direct hit of this funnel cloud , " Bucher said . "  Next thing we know , things are cracking , and glass breaking and furniture came around the corner , missed us even though it came down the hallway where we were , " he said . "  I think my attitude was in the next minute and a half , we 're either going to be in heaven , we 're going to be in the hospital or we 're going to walk out of here . Completely in the Lord 's hands which one of those three things was going to happen , " he said . How to help The storm took most of his house down to the decking over his walk-out basement , but neither he nor his wife was hurt . "  Everything else is rebuildable , " Bucher said . "  I could n't replace her . " The storm that destroyed Bucher 's home was part of a multi-state outbreak of tornadoes and powerful winds Sunday that caused damage in several states , including Missouri , Indiana , Michigan and Wisconsin . Six people died in Illinois and two men were killed in Michigan , according to authorities . As many as 200 people were injured through Illinois , officials said . Some 120 of those injuries came in Washington , said Jon Monken , director of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . Seven of those injuries were "  traumatic , " Monken said . The storm destroyed or seriously damaged as many as 400 homes in Washington alone , Gov. Pat Quinn told reporters Monday . Damage was also reported in the adjacent northern Illinois towns of Diamond and Coal City , in Champaign County in central Illinois , in southern Illinois ' Washington County and in Massac County -- in the extreme southern tip of the state . Incredible footage of the tornado in Washington , Illinois Quinn declared seven counties a state disaster area , including Tazewell County , just east of Peoria in central Illinois , where a tornado left parts of Washington in ruins and one person dead . "  Devastation . Sadness . People that lost everything , " is how Washington Mayor Gary Manier described the scene to CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " Another tornado in Washington County , Illinois , east of St. Louis , left a path of debris that stretched more than three miles , according to a preliminary survey by the National Weather Service . While the bulk of the storm system had moved offshore into the Atlantic Ocean and the threat of severe weather Monday was small , damaging wind gusts of up to 40 mph were still possible in parts of the Northeast , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said Monday morning . In the Great Lakes region , 50 mph gusts were possible , she said . Hundreds of thousands of people remained without power . CNN affiliate WTVG : Storm leaves trail of damage ` Complete destruction ' The storm struck the town of Washington around 11 a.m. Sunday , when many of its 10,000 residents were at church . That 's where Curt Zehr was when cell phones started chirping out storm alerts and the congregation headed to the basement . His wife and son , Mike , were at home . Zehr 's wife texted to say they 'd seen the tornado hit Washington , about a mile to the south . "  Then , about five minutes later , she texted me and said the house is gone , " Zehr told CNN . "  I said , ` Whose house ? ' " She said , ` Our house . ' " Mike Zehr said it was n't long after they saw the storm hit Washington that they realized it was headed straight for them . They took to the basement and within a few minutes , Mike Zehr said , the house exploded with the loudest sound he 's ever heard . "  The next thing we know , it 's completely quiet and the sun 's just shining through the stairs in the basement , " he said . And their house was gone . Dozens of others had similar experiences . "  It was complete destruction , " resident CNN iReporter Anthony Khoury , who filmed the tornado tearing through his neighborhood , said Sunday . "  There are people in the streets crying . " Resident Michelle Crumrine said the winds swept her home and everything in it clean away . "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and I do n't have anything , " she said . "  It 's gone . I do n't know where it went . " On Monday , a National Weather Service survey team confirmed the storm had winds of 170 mph to 190 mph , producing EF-4 damage , the agency said . Earlier , the weather service had said such a confirmation would make the tornado the most powerful November twister in the state since at least 1950 . CNN affiliate KTVI : 2 killed in New Minden , Illinois Damage elsewhere In Washington County , the county coroner 's office identified two dead there as 80-year-old Joseph Hoy and his 78-year-old sister , Frances . They died when a tornado obliterated their family farm in New Minden , the office said . A 51-year-old man was killed in the town of Washington . Steve Neubauer was found near his home , Tazewell County officials said . Three other deaths happened in Massac County , across the Ohio River from Paducah , Kentucky . Authorities identified the storm victims as Kathy George , 58 , Robert Harmon , 56 , and Scholitta Burrus , 63 . In Perry , Michigan , a 59-year-old man was found dead , tangled in live power lines . Phillip Smith 's wife reported him missing after he did n't return after going out after the storm passed . Officials said a 21-year-old man was killed Sunday in Jackson County , but did n't release his name . Brutal winds also flipped over at least six trucks on highways about 80 miles west of Chicago , the Ogle County Sheriff 's Office said . Officials in Missouri and Indiana were also dealing with storm damage . In Missouri , state emergency officials said a tornado may have hit Scott County , where heavy winds overturned three rail cars and blew over four mobile homes . And the mayor of Kokomo , Indiana , declared a state of emergency and closed schools Monday . While the state of emergency was set to be lifted at 6 a.m. , "  unnecessary travel in the affected areas is still prohibited , " city officials tweeted . There , the roof of a building sat in the middle of a road . A car rested on the mountain of rubble from a leveled home . At least 600,000 customers in Illinois , Indiana and Michigan were without power as of Monday afternoon , officials said . Some outages in southwest Michigan may not be fixed until the weekend . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence is scheduled to tour the storm damage Monday . Soldier Field , O'Hare affected Officials delayed the NFL game between the Chicago Bears and Baltimore Ravens for almost two hours as storms approached Chicago , warning spectators to leave the stands at Soldier Field and head for covered areas . "  The rain started coming , the skies got black , the wind was insane , and they evacuated us to underneath the concrete concourse , " said Jim Arnold , who was at the game with his 11-year-old daughter . "  We 've been through 15-degree-below weather and winds , but never anything like this , " Arnold said . "  The winds gusted at 70 mph , and the winds and the rain were horizontal and everybody was running . It was just crazy . " After the storm passed , fans returned to their seats and the game resumed Thousands of travelers scheduled to fly through Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport also had to grapple with the storm . More than 270 flights were canceled Sunday , and delays overnight stretched for an hour or more . Unusual outbreak Sunday 's storms accounted for more than half of the tornado warnings issued in Illinois since 1986 , the National Weather Service said Monday . CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said the storms came later in the year than some might have expected . "  The primary time for tornadoes , as we well know , is springtime . Then we see a second high that comes in the fall , " she said . "  Is this late ? It is rather late , because the temperatures have been very warm . " "  On the backside of that , temperatures are dramatically cooler . So that cold air is filtering in behind it , warm air out ahead of it , " she said . "  And ... we get some twisting motion in the atmosphere . And that 's why we see this tornadic activity . " CNN affiliate WGN : City takes direct hit from tornado CNN 's Ted Rowlands reported from Washington , Illinois . CNN 's Holly Yan and Michael Pearson reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Catherine E. Shoichet , Shawn Nottingham , Joe Sutton , George Howell , Steve Almasy , Sean Morris , Dave Alsup , Jareen Imam , David Ruff , Taylor Ward , Janet DiGiacomo , Todd Borek and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials say a 21-year-old man was killed in Michigan , bringing the death toll to 8 Washington , Illinois , storm rated as EF-4 , with winds of up to 190mph Illinois governor makes disaster declaration for seven counties "  A lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and I do n't have anything , " survivor says
New Delhi  CNN  -- Outside the jail where he is staying , though he is n't a prisoner , Indian activist Anna Hazare has a growing crowd of supporters to back him up . "  Even if we die , we will remain adamant in our protest . We will not move from here , " said Tarun Garg , one of Hazare 's supporters , on Wednesday . Hazare was planning to go on a hunger strike to call for stronger anti-corruption measures when he was detained Tuesday . As thousands took to the streets to protest the arrest , authorities let him free , but he refused to leave the jail . Now it looks like the anti-corruption crusader has accepted a police proposal that will allow him to fast in New Delhi for two weeks . Hazare adviser Kiran Bedi said on Twitter that police removed "  unacceptable conditions " and will allow the protest to begin Thursday afternoon . The social reformer has become an unlikely figurehead for the fight against corruption in the country . Hazare , 74 , was not known nationally until recently . His protest seems to have struck a chord with Indian society across the spectrum because corruption is pervasive at all levels of government , observers say . He has been able to mobilize public support because there is so much dissatisfaction with the issue . Citizens have even created a website -- ipaidabribe.com -- where people can denounce the corruption they encounter in their daily lives . The prime minister 's handling of the protest appears to have added to Hazare 's status , because it makes it look like the government is going after the messenger rather than offering solutions . Corruption is considered an endemic problem that affects all levels of Indian society . According to a 2010 Transparency International report , India ranked 87th out of 178 countries in its corruption-perception index . In April , Suresh Kalmadi , the chief organizer for last year 's Commonwealth Games , was arrested and accused of buying a time , scoring and result system from a Swiss company at inflated costs . Meanwhile , India 's former telecom minister A. Raja , several bureaucrats and corporate officials are facing trial in connection with a multi-billion-dollar scandal involving the suspected below-price sale of mobile-phone radio waves or spectrum in 2008 . The draw that Hazare 's planned hunger strike has was so great that police first tried to put conditions on it . Organizers did not accept six of 22 police conditions for allowing the protest , including limiting the crowd to the capacity of the ground , police said . As a result , Hazare was detained , as were 1,300 supporters who planned to join Hazare at a protest site . A magistrate sent Hazare and seven supporters to jail after they failed to post bail , according to Rajan Bhagat , a police spokesman in New Delhi . They were freed hours later and shifted to a prison office after the magistrate issued release orders , jail spokesman Sunil Gupta said . The group had refused to leave the prison office until they are allowed to hold their hunger strike without unacceptable conditions , the jail spokesman said . Thousands gathered in several cities , chanting pro-Hazare slogans and echoing his demands . Supporters carrying Indian flags held sit-ins , marches and noisy demonstrations . Many had "  I am Anna " labels on their shirts . Hazare conducted a similar five-day hunger strike in April at New Delhi 's Jantar Mantar landmark , ending it after India 's prime minister agreed to introduce long-pending legislation meant to crack down on graft . Anti-corruption campaigners have rejected legislation prepared by the federal government to create a citizen ombudsman , saying the bill , now in Parliament , is too weak to tackle endemic graft in the system . Critics have accused the activists of undermining lawmakers who will decide the proposed law . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday justified the arrests in a statement before Parliament . "  Our government acknowledges the right of citizens to hold peaceful protests , " he said . Hazare and his supporters would have been allowed to hold their protest fast if they had accepted the conditions , he said . Amid shouts by opposition lawmakers over the police response to Hazare 's protest , the Indian prime minister also cited supremacy of the legislature . "  I am not aware of any constitutional philosophy or principle that allows anyone to question the sole prerogative of parliament to make a law , " he said . Singh , whose government is roiled in massive corruption scandals , acknowledged in a national address earlier in the week that no single measure could handle chronic corruption . "  I believe that there is no single big step which we can take to eradicate corruption . In fact , we will have to act simultaneously on many fronts , " Singh said . Campaigners ' insistence on not accepting legislation other than their own version of the anti-corruption bill was "  beyond comprehension , " Home Minister P. Chidambaram told reporters Tuesday . "  How can you indirectly endorse such an argument that it is his bill and no other bill  that is acceptable  ? " he said . Police took Hazare into custody after the veteran activist told officers that he would "  defy " orders not to hold a demonstration , Chidambaram said . He said Hazare and his supporters were welcome to raise their concerns with a parliamentary committee that will scrutinize the legislation before it is presented to lawmakers for a vote . Activists appealed to government employees to take a day off work in a show of solidarity with Hazare , a call federal officials were quick to term "  wrong . " "  I sincerely hope that the government servants do n't respond to such wrong calls , " Chidambaram said . CNN 's Ram Ramgopal contributed to this report .	NEW : Police reportedly remove conditions on fast , Hazare adviser says Authorities detained Anna Hazare as he planned a hunger strike to push for anti-corruption measures Prime minister says arrests before protest were justified
CNN  -- The evolution of Tamerlan Tsarnaev from aspiring Olympic boxer to apparent radical jihadist may have been influenced by a friend in Cambridge , Massachusetts . "  This person just took his brain . He just brainwashed him completely , " Tsarnaev 's uncle , Ruslan Tsarni , told CNN from his home in Maryland , describing the friend as an Armenian convert to Islam . While Tsarni did not give the friend 's name , The Associated Press reported that other members of Tsarnaev 's family said the friend goes by the name "  Misha . " Asked about those reports , Elmirza Khozhgov , a former brother-in-law of Tsarnaev , told CNN Tsarnaev once introduced him to someone by that name who was an Armenian convert . He said he was not told Misha 's full name . "  It seemed to me that Misha had influence on Tamerlan , " apparently encouraging him to give up boxing because it "  is violent , " Khozhgov told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Tamerlan told me that he quit boxing and music because Misha was teaching that it 's not good in Islam to do those things . " "  Misha " taught Tsarnaev "  things that would make Tamerlan go away from the people and go more into the religion , " Khozhgov said , but "  I did n't witness him making him radical . " Khozhgov added that he has not spoken with Tsarnaev or with the younger suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , since 2010 . And even then , "  We did n't talk for a long time . " Tamerlan Tsarnaev "  seemed normal " at the time , he added . "  He only told me he goes to the mosque often and he 's doing community work at the mosque . " Officials have not responded to requests for comment on someone named "  Misha . " Lawmakers briefed Tuesday on the investigation told CNN they had not heard of anyone by that name . The Islamic Society of Boston told CNN Wednesday that so far no one in its network reported knowing a "  Misha " who fit that description . "  We are looking for him , " said spokeswoman Nichole Mossalam . Uncle called a friend to investigate Tsarni , Tsarnaev 's uncle , told CNN he was so concerned about someone brainwashing his nephew that he called a family friend in the Cambridge area to investigate . "  I said , ` Listen , do you know what is going on with that family ? With my brother 's family ? ' Then he says ... there is a person , some new convert into Islam of Armenian descent , " Tsarni told CNN 's Shannon Travis . "  Armenians , I have no intention to say anything about Armenians . It 's a neighboring region with North Caucasus , " the same area where the Tsarnaev family also hails from . "  It started  in  2009 . And it started right there , in Cambridge , " Tsarni said of the friendship . Aunt reveals clue to older brother 's trip to Russia Tsarnaev 's mindset leading up to the bombings at the Boston Marathon may never be fully known . He was killed after a shootout with police last week . His brother , Dzhokhar , remains hospitalized with an array of gunshot wounds . He has been charged with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death , as well as one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been communicating with investigators in a limited fashion . He has indicated that his older brother , not any international terrorist group , conceived the deadly attack , a U.S. government source said . The preliminary interviews with Dzhokhar Tsarnaev suggest the two brothers fit the classification of self-radicalized jihadists , the source said . But the official noted that information from the preliminary interviews needed to be scrutinized . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has also cited the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as motivating factors behind last week 's blasts that killed three and wounded hundreds more , a U.S. government official said . Suspect 's widow is distraught The suspects ' uncle said Tamerlan Tsarnaev was clearly the leader between the two brothers . "  Dzhokhar is being used by his older brother .  Tamerlan  used him as his -- not even accomplice -- as some kind of instrument , " Tsarni said . At 26 , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was seven years older than Dzhokhar . Friends say Dzhokhar followed his big brother around like a puppy . And as their father is in Russia , the older brother may have become a father figure to the 19-year-old these past few months . At 6-foot-3 , Tamerlan Tsarnaev was , by many accounts , an intimidating presence with increasingly strong convictions about society and religion in recent years . Tsarni said he was shocked by the explosions and how his nephews may be involved . "  Tamerlan is off now , " the uncle said . "  There is no obedience and respect to his own father . That concerns me big time . " CNN 's Shannon Travis , Jake Tapper , Brian Todd and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	NEW : Islamic Society of Boston has not found a "  Misha " by that description so far The suspects ' former brother-in-law tells CNN he met "  Misha . " The suspects ' uncle did not name the friend , but said he began influencing Tamerlan in 2009 Source : Interviews with Dzhokhar suggest the brothers are self-radicalized jihadists
CNN  -- Chinese authorities in eastern Jiangsu Province have launched a massive manhunt for a suspect in a deadly armed robbery , according to Chinese media . The suspect allegedly shot and killed a man who had just withdrawn 200,000 yuan  $ 31,700  from a bank in Nanjing 's Dongmen Street on January 6 and then fled the scene in a car , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Nanjing Public Security Bureau 's Xuanwu district office told CNN that more than 80,000 police have joined the manhunt , while a reward of 150,000 yuan has been offered for information leading to the killer 's arrest . Authorities believe the suspect -- a man in his early 40s from Sichuan province called Zeng Kaigui -- is also responsible for shooting dead six others in six robberies in Changsha and Chongqing municipality over the past seven years . Nanjing police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene and published them online , and said Zeng is of medium build and wears black outfits during the robbery . Police have posted Zeng 's profile picture in public places like subway stations and Internet cafes , and have handed them out to taxi and bus drivers throughout the c Many big screens in downtown Nanjing are also showing the suspect 's video clips hourly with police warnings to citizens . CNN 's Shao Tian contributed to this report .	Massive search launched for killer who robbed a man of $ 31,700 More than 80,000 police have joined the manhunt for the suspect in Nanjing Police have obtained two video clips of the suspect escaping the scene The robber is believed to have killed at least six others throughout China
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Formula One has seen a number of last-race world championship deciders down the years . Michael Schumacher  left  and Damon Hill collided at the last race of 1994 , with the German taking the title . Here , The Circuit looks at four of the most memorable of the last 15 years . Drivers in capitals won the title . 1994  Australian Grand Prix , Adelaide MICHAEL SCHUMACHER v Damon Hill Even without a last-race showdown , the 1994 season had been dramatic enough . The legendary Ayrton Senna had become the second fatality in two days at the San Marino Grand Prix after 12 years without a death in F1 . See images of the best title showdowns . " Schumacher started the season strongly in a Benetton that had its legality questioned by a dubious paddock and media , and by mid-season he was 27 points clear of Hill . But Hill clawed his way back into the title hunt , helped by Schumacher 's two-race ban for ignoring a black flag at the British Grand Prix . Come the decider in Australia , the momentum was with Hill and the deficit was down to one point . Schumacher looked rattled all weekend and after being hounded by the Englishman from the off , he crashed into a wall midway through the race . Crawling back onto the track , Schumacher veered one way and Hill the other as they approached the next right-hander , only for the German to swipe across the Williams ' bows , ride up over Hill 's front wheel and into retirement . Read more about F1 at The Circuit . Hill would have become world champion if he could have kept going but suspension damage ended his race and his title challenge . Schumacher , at 25 , became one of F1 's youngest and most controversial champions . 1997  European Grand Prix , Jerez JACQUES VILLENEUVE v Michael Schumacher Three years on from Adelaide , those who had given Schumacher the benefit of the doubt were left to reassess their opinions of the German . Villeneuve 's Williams was the class of the 1997 field but mistakes had blighted his campaign and Schumacher 's brilliance had put him ahead by one point by the last race in Jerez , Spain . Vaulting poleman Villeneuve at the lights , Schumacher raced into a lead few thought he would lose . But after the last round of pitstops , the Ferrari 's tires were not working as well and Villeneuve closed in . Heading down the back straight , the French-Canadian dived up the inside into the following hairpin corner , surprising Schumacher , who turned into the corner and into the side of the Williams . Schumacher slid off into the gravel and retirement while Villeneuve , his car damaged from the collision , hobbled on to finish third and take the title by three points . A vilified Schumacher was later stripped of his second place in the championship for his desperate maneuver . 1998  Japanese Grand Prix , Suzuka MIKA HAKKINEN v Michael Schumacher An intriguing season , the first with grooved tires and narrow-track cars , had seen Hakkinen surge into an early season lead with a lightning-quick , if somewhat fragile McLaren . But Schumacher 's Ferrari benefited from Goodyear 's incessant tire development and by mid-season the never-say-die German was back in the title hunt . Going to the season-closer in Japan , Schumacher had to make up four points on Hakkinen , who had edged the previous race at the Nurgburgring . Schumacher had claimed pole at Suzuka , just ahead of Hakkinen , but stalled on the grid , further adding to his reputation of fumbling pressure-cooker situations . Starting from the back at the restart , he sliced his way up to third and was keeping his fingers crossed for a problem for the race-leading Finn . But a puncture on lap 31 ended his title hopes . An ice-cool Hakkinen was not headed throughout and could coast to his first drivers ' world championship . 2007  Brazilian Grand Prix , Interlagos KIMI RAIKKONEN v Lewis Hamilton v Fernando Alonso It had been a remarkable debut season for McLaren 's Hamilton , with him often outpacing double world champion team-mate Alonso . But after a slow start , Ferrari 's Raikkonen had begun to look menacing as the season progressed . F1 's first three-way title decider since 1986 saw Hamilton start the last race in Brazil with a four-point advantage over Alonso and seven over Raikkonen . Felipe Massa 's Ferrari took pole with Hamilton alongside , but the Englishman was slow away and by turn three he was behind Raikkonen and Alonso . Rashly , Hamilton attempted to re-pass Alonso , ran wide and dropped down the order . Soon after , he suffered gearbox problems that cost him 30 seconds -- effectively scuppering his chances of becoming F1 's first rookie champion . Out front , Massa slowed to allow Raikkonen past for the win he needed to become champion by one point from seventh-placed Hamilton and Alonso , who trailed home a distant third .	F1 has seen some memorable title deciders at the final race of the season Michael Schumacher involved in two controversial collisions , in 1994 and 1997 Last year 's championship was the first three-way title fight since 1986
CNN  -- An Arizona jury on Monday convicted anti-illegal immigration activist Shawna Forde of murder in the killing of a Latino man and his 9-year-old daughter during a 2009 vigilante raid she led on their home . The Pima County jury convicted Forde on eight counts , including two counts of murder for the shooting deaths of Raul Flores and his daughter , Brisenia , and the attempted murder of the child 's mother , Gina Gonzales , at the family 's rural Arivaca home on May 30 , 2009 . The child and her father were American-born U.S. citizens . The jury also convicted Forde on two counts of aggravated assault , and one count each of burglary , armed robbery and aggravated robbery . The jury is scheduled to return Tuesday for the penalty phase of the trial . Forde 's alleged accomplices , Albert Robert Gaxiola and Jason Eugene Bush , are scheduled to go on trial later this year . During the trial , prosecutors portrayed Forde as the ringleader of the hit squad , and said she had planned the raid and the murders to steal weapons , money and drugs to finance a new anti-illegal immigration outfit . The trio picked the Flores home , prosecutors said , because of a claim made by Gaxiola they would find drugs there . While Flores had a history of drug-related offenses , none were found in the house . Posing as border patrol and law enforcement officers , Forde , Gaxiola and Bush , whom prosecutors identified as the gunman , showed up at the Flores home after midnight , several hours after the family had returned from a shopping trip in Tucson to buy shoes for their daughter for summer camp . Brisenia Flores was sleeping on the couch with her puppy when the killers demanded to be let into the home . They accused Flores of harboring illegal aliens and said the house was surrounded by agents . Once inside , the gunman shot Flores in the chest and Gonzales in the leg . Later Brisenia was shot as she pleaded for her life . Jewelry taken from the Flores home was later found in Forde 's possession . Text messages discovered on her phone also implicated her in the crime . Forde once belonged to the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps before she was removed for what former fellow members described as unstable behavior , according to news reports . Forde then formed a splinter group , Minutemen American Defense . She led protests against illegal immigration and patrolled the Arizona-Mexico border armed with weapons . Bush was the group 's national director of operations , according to reports .	Anti-illegal immigration vigilante Shawna Forde is convicted of murder Forde is found guilty of killing a Latino man and his 9-year-old daughter Forde 's two accomplices are to be tried later this year
CNN  -- Over the past week , I 've been inundated with questions about swine flu , via Facebook , Twitter , CNN blogs and e-mail . So this week I 'm empowering people with information about swine flu : how to protect yourself , what all the numbers mean and why you should n't freak out . The most recnt advice from the CDC is that non-essential travel to Mexico should be avoided . 1 . Has n't swine flu been around for a while ? Yes . Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig . In 1976 , more than 200 soldiers at Fort Dix , New Jersey , got swine flu . From 1976 until 2005 , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention received approximately one report every year or two of humans with swine flu . From December 2005 until January 2009 , there were 12 cases of swine flu reported . 2 . The folks who have it now , did they get it from pigs or people ? It appears that no one in the United States with swine flu had any contact with pigs . Dr. Richard Besser , the acting director of the CDC , said in a news conference Friday that among the first seven cases , no one had contact with pigs . In another press conference Monday , he added that investigators have looked to see whether any of the infected people had contact with pigs , and "  we 're not finding that linkage here . " 3 . Swine flu is transmitted from animals to humans . Does that happen a lot ? Yes . More than 200 "  zoonotic diseases " are transmitted from animals to humans , including illnesses caused by bacteria , viruses and parasites . Rabies and variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease  better known as "  mad cow disease "  are two well-known examples . 4 . Should I cancel my trip to Mexico ? Yes , you should , unless it 's essential . That 's the advice from a recent CDC travel warning . Watch Elizabeth Cohen answer your questions " 5 . Should I be freaking out ? A new virus spreading quickly around the world . Young , healthy people struck dead in Mexico . Should we all be panicking ? "  Absolutely not , " said Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the department of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine . Swine flu , he said , "  is not spreading all that rapidly . Take the St. Francis School in New York . There 's been very little transmission from the schoolchildren to family members , and it certainly has n't spread throughout Queens . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts , concerns about swine flu But , Schaffner added , this does n't mean we should n't pay attention to swine flu . "  We should be alert , keep up with the information coming out daily , and take control by being attentive to your hygiene . Wash your hands very , very frequently and avoid people who are coughing and sneezing . " 6 . How close do you have to be to a sick person to get swine flu ? "  You can acquire this infection if you 're within the ` breathing zone ' of a sick person , which is about three to six feet , " Schaffner said . "  And we usually mean being this close to someone in a confined space . We 're not talking about fleeting contact . We 're not talking about walking past someone in the street . You need sustained contact . " If you think you might have sustained contact with someone who 's ill , read this guidance from the CDC 's Web site . 7 . Yikes ! Every day I 'm that close to countless people -- at work , on the bus , at church , in a movie theater . Could I get swine flu from them ? Yes . "  If you 're standing next to someone on a bus , or sitting next to someone or in front of someone in a theater , you could acquire the infection in that fashion , " Schaffner said . That 's why people with the symptoms of any kind of flu -- fever , diarrhea , body aches , vomiting , etc. -- are urged to stay home and away from groups of people . 8 . Was n't there a vaccine at one time ? Is there one now ? Yes , a swine flu vaccine was given to 45 million people in 1976 . There is no vaccine now , although researchers are working on one . The 1976 vaccine would n't be helpful anyway , according to Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute for Allergy & Infectious Diseases . "  That was a completely different virus than the virus we are dealing with right now , completely different in the sense that the genes are different , and it does n't have any relationship , " said Fauci . "  The designation of each one was called the swine flu , but from a viral standpoint and spreading it is quite , quite different . " Here are two scientific articles about the swine flu outbreak and vaccination program in 1976 : • Reflections on the 1976 Swine Flu Vaccination Program • Swine Influenza A Outbreak , Fort Dix , New Jersey , 1976 9 . Many young , healthy people have become sick in the United States . Many of the dead in Mexico have been young and healthy . What 's going on ? Usually we think of flu as affecting the very young and the very old . This sometimes happens with new viruses . For example , in 1918 when a new flu virus emerged , many of those stricken were young and healthy . One theory is that young people , who have strong immune systems , mount a particularly vigorous response to new viruses . But there 's a potential side effect to the response : the body releases dangerous levels of signaling proteins , called cytokines , which can damage the lungs . Scientists believe these "  cytokine storms " can be fatal . Here is a scientific article about the proposed mechanism of cytokine storms . 10 . Why are large numbers of people dying in Mexico , but not in other countries ? This is the big mystery doctors are trying to solve right now . Many infectious disease experts say it 's most likely a matter of numbers : with more illnesses in Mexico , there are also more deaths . Other explanations : that in Mexico people have , in addition to swine flu , other viruses that make for a more deadly combination than swine flu alone . It 's also possible that the virus infecting the rest of the world is a weaker version than the one in Mexico . Among the swine flu mysteries : Why only deaths in Mexico ? 11 . Could this new swine flu virus have been manufactured by bioterrorists ? That 's the theory on some conspiracy theorists ' Web sites . But experts do n't believe it . "  If you were a bioterrorist you 'd want to create something that 's a lot more deadly than this , " said Dr. Gerald Evans , an associate professor of microbiology at Queen 's University in Canada . "  The problem with influenza is that the second you put it into people , it replicates and mutates very quickly . Even if you created the perfect bioweapon , within a few generations of transmissions , it would n't do what you planned for it to do . " 12 . I get a flu shot every fall . Will that help protect me against swine flu ? "  The short answer is that the CDC says it 's very unlikely , " Schaffner said . But he said it might be possible . "  I think it 's a bit of an open question whether repeated flu shots over years would provide a measure of protection . " 13 . I was in Mexico two weeks ago . Could I have contracted swine flu , and the symptoms just have n't shown up yet ? No . The incubation period of the swine flu is one to seven days . "  If you just traveled to Mexico and you 're home and feeling well you should get on with your daily life and not worry about it , " Evans said . 14 . Can the swine flu virus live on inanimate objects ? If someone with swine flu touches a doorknob , then I touch it , could I get swine flu ? Flu viruses can live on inanimate surfaces . So theoretically , you could get swine flu from touching a doorknob that was just touched by an infected person . However , that 's pretty unlikely , according to Dr. Arthur Reingold , head of epidemiology in the School of Public Health at the University of California , Berkeley . "  I personally would not have a major fear of environmental contamination , " he said . "  Virtually all influenza is transmitted from sneezing and coughing . " Schaffner agrees , adding that flu viruses do n't survive in large numbers on surfaces . "  A doorknob is n't a warm , nourishing environment for a virus , " he said . 15 . What should I do if I develop symptoms of swine flu ? Call your doctor -- do n't just drive on over , Schaffner advised . "  Follow the instructions of your doctor . He might not want you in the waiting room spreading germs to others , " he said . CNN Medical Producer John Bonifield contributed to this report .	The emergence of the swine flu has raised many questions ; here are some answers Swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig Why people are dying in Mexico but not in other places is still a mystery While the virus can live on surfaces , transmission is unlikely
CNN  An Indianapolis Colts linebacker charged with felony rape "  unhesitatingly denies all allegations , " according to a Thursday statement from the player 's lawyer . The Colts announced they have placed Joshua McNary , who they signed as a free agent in April 2013 , on the Exempt/Commissioner Permission list , so he will not be allowed to play in the team 's upcoming playoff matchups , but he will continue to be paid , in accordance with the National Football League 's updated personal conduct policy . McNary was released early Thursday , according to the Marion County , Indiana , jail website . He posted a $ 25,000 bond and was ordered to wear an ankle bracelet for GPS monitoring , said Peg McLeish , a spokeswoman for the county prosecuting attorney . He appeared at an initial hearing at which a preliminary not guilty plea was entered for him , she said . His next court date is a March 11 pretrial conference . Defense attorney Edward Schrager said he would not be commenting further on the case , but said in his statement that the charges and affidavit "  are not evidence of wrongdoing , but simply one side 's story . "  Joshua has full faith and confidence in the American way , including its justice system , which he pledged to protect and defend as a West Point graduate and lieutenant in the United States Army . " McNary , 26 , was taken into police custody and charged with felony rape , felony criminal confinement and misdemeanor battery resulting in bodily injury . According to a probable cause affidavit , a 29-year-old woman reported to police on the morning of December 1 that she was raped hours earlier at the apartment of a man she met at a bar . The woman recounted having numerous drinks at three establishments before she arrived at the apartment , and she did n't remember exactly how she got there , the affidavit says . She recalled "  being flirty " and "  touchy-feely " as she and the man kissed , she told police . "  This was n't a problem and it was not aggressive , " she said , according to the affidavit . Soon , though , she told the man that she "  needed to lay down " because she was "  really drunk , " the affidavit says . She lay in the man 's bed , and he began kissing her , which made her uncomfortable , and she noticed that he had taken his shirt off and she was "  completely naked , " she told police . "  No . I 'm too drunk for this . I need to lay down . I have to work , and I 'm not OK with this , " she recalled telling the man , according to the affidavit . She said she told the man several times she did n't want to have sex and fought with him , scratching him on the face , neck , back and shoulder . The man initially tried to talk her into it , and then forced her to have sex on his bed , she told police . She told the man she wanted to leave on multiple occasions , but he would n't let her , at one point , saying , "  You 're gon na stay , " the affidavit says . She eventually left the apartment and mistakenly took the man 's cell phone with her , she told police A forensic nurse examined the woman and found injuries to her vagina and dried blood behind one ear . The document indicates detectives used the cell phone to identify McNary the next day . When police arrived to search his apartment , he pointed to a pile of bedding in front of a washer and told police , "  I preserved it for you because I knew you would be coming . " He had also taken photos of the sheets , in particular "  blood stains and other soiled areas of the bedding , " the affidavit says . McNary was cooperative , police indicated , and he asked for a lawyer after being advised of his rights . A nurse found abrasions and scratches on his stomach , back , neck and shoulder , the document says . Investigators also found the woman 's clothing and an earring in McNary 's apartment . The Colts said they were aware of the incident , but that was the "  limit of our knowledge . " The team was working to gather facts before forming an opinion , the statement said . Colts spokesman Avis Roper said that after reviewing documents surrounding "  the very serious criminal charges , " the team asked Commissioner Roger Goodell to place McNary on the exemption list . "  If the request is granted , Josh will not be eligible to practice or attend games with the Club while designated as Commissioner Exempt . That designation will permit the investigation provided by the League 's Personal Conduct Policy to run its course and will afford Josh the opportunity to focus on his defense against the charges , " the statement said . A later statement confirmed McNary had been placed on the list . The National Football League said the matter is "  under review . " Recently , the NFL revised its personal conduct policy . It includes a minimum six-game suspension for crimes involving violent conduct , including domestic violence and sexual assault . The league reviewed its stance after widespread criticism of its handling of the Ray Rice case . McNary is listed as a second-string inside linebacker for the Colts , who play the New England Patriots on Sunday in the AFC championship game . He has 28 tackles -- mostly on special teams -- in 15 games this season . The 6-foot , 251-pound player is in his second season . He played college football at Army and served in the military from 2011 to 2013 before joining the Colts . CNN 's Jill Martin , Susan Candiotti , Tina Burnside , Dave Alsup , Erica Henry and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Preliminary not guilty plea entered for the 26-year-old linebacker Joshua McNary wo n't play this weekend after the Colts placed him on exempt list A woman told police she took a phone from the apartment of a man who raped her
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military said Tuesday that its forces have taken over a Taliban stronghold during the ongoing ground offensive in the tribal region of South Waziristan . Pakistani security forces have secured Sararogha and have started to clear the town of weapons and ammunition , the military said . It comes a day after its forces gained control of Kaniguram , another key Taliban stronghold , which the military says its forces have now completely secured . According to the military , 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier died in the past 24 hours of fighting -- most of them in the raid on Sararogha . The military is trying to rout Taliban insurgents operating along the Pakistan-Afghan border . The restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is the headquarters of the Pakistani Taliban . Pakistan 's military suspects its leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , is still in the region backed by up to 8,000 militant fighters . Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success , sometimes agreeing to peace deals that eventually fall apart . Army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas recently told CNN that this time a peace deal is not an option . "  Certainly there is no scope of a peace deal , " Abbas told CNN . "  It is a fight to the finish . " The military began its ground offensive in South Waziristan three weeks ago , however the region has been affected by a broader anti-Taliban offensive that has uprooted more than 180,000 people this year , according to the United Nations . Many of those people -- more than 94,000 -- have fled South Waziristan since June , the U.N. said last week . In recent weeks , Pakistan has been relentlessly rocked by a wave of attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against the military campaign . On Monday , the Pakistani cities of Lahore and Rawalpindi were hit by separate suicide bombings . A suicide attacker believed to be on a motorcycle targeted people outside a bank in Rawalpindi who were lined up to pick up their monthly checks , police said . That attack killed 30 people , police said on Tuesday . The attack happened in the Cannt area of Rawalpindi , close to Pakistan 's military headquarters where the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , was meeting with Pakistan 's army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani on Monday . It was unclear if he was there at the time of the attack . Hours later , two suicide bombers detonated their explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore , injuring 17 police and civilians . CNN 's Samson Desta and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Pakistani forces secure Sararogha , clearing the town of weapons and ammunition Pakistan : 21 militants and one Pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting Restive and largely ungoverned region of South Waziristan is headquarters of Pakistani Taliban Pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in Kaniguram and Sararogha since 2004 without success
CNN  -- Today could be a crucial day in the push to rid Syria of chemical weapons . It 's day two of meetings between Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Geneva , Switzerland . A plan could be created Friday , but then again ... The United Nations is also poised to get involved . Although Syria 's bloody civil war is over two years old , power players from many nations seemed focused on making changes . Here are the five things to pay attention to today . 1 . Nailing down a plan Lavrov and Kerry take 2 . The most talked about chat in the world goes into its second day Friday with many hoping that the two can nail down a blueprint to destroy Syria 's chemical weapons . If Thursday 's meeting in Geneva is any indication , there is going to be a lot of back and forth . The sparring began in the opening statements . Lavrov spoke first . Kerry followed with longer and more forceful remarks . When he finished , Lavrov asked to respond and said he had n't come "  prepared with the extended political statement , " adding that "  diplomacy likes silence . " Kerry then asked the translator to repeat Lavrov 's final comment , but when that did n't happen , Lavrov tried to assure Kerry there was no problem . "  You want me to take your word for it ? It 's a little early for that , " Kerry said , smiling , as the two men shook hands for the cameras . Ouch . Though this exchange was playful , former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen says Kerry will have his hands full with Lavrov . Cohen said Lavrov is "  very , very skilled , " "  bright , " "  articulate " and "  a very tough negotiator . " The talks could extend into Saturday , officials have said . If any deal is reached , it would have to be taken to the United Nations for consideration . 2 . More Putin backlash Russian President Vladimir Putin may not be America 's favorite writer , right now . Putin 's opinion piece published Wednesday in the New York Times ruffled some feathers and had at least one U.S. lawmaker looking for a barf bag . The Russian leader 's argument against military intervention in Syria brought some response . But his slap at American exceptionalism brought a flurry of U.S. reaction Thursday . Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez says the piece made him almost want to throw up , and House Speaker John Boehner says he 's "  insulted . " Even though the the White House shrugged off the fuss calling it "  irrelevant , " do n't be surprised if there are more reactions Friday . 3 . More fighting and sadly more deaths Though the camera seems focused on political spats , and negotiations about Syria , in the country a fierce fight continues . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that fighting killed at least 94 people across Syria on Thursday , including 24 in Daraa province . This figure includes 27 deaths in Daraa province and another 26 in Aleppo province . The same group documented shelling that struck nearly 500 locales , along with almost 50 military jet attacks . The fight continues Friday . 4 . So where are these chemical weapons ? And while world powers haggle about what to do with Syria 's chemical weapons , a rebel leader is claiming the government 's cache of mass destruction is on the move . Gen. Salim Idriss , head of the opposition Free Syrian Army , says Syria 's government is shifting its chemical weapons out of the country . Where ? Iraq and Lebanon , Idriss says . CNN could not verify that claim . And Iraq quickly said : no way . "  We were the victims of chemical weapons under Saddam  Hussein 's  regime , and we will never allow to let any country to transfer chemical materials to our lands at all , " said an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . 5 . The UN gets closer to weighing in A greatly anticipated U.N. report on Syria 's alleged chemical attack could be coming soon . This development could speed up an international response to Syria French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Thursday that the United Nations report on the August attack in Syria will "  probably " be published on Monday , and that there will "  certainly be indications " pointing to the origin of the attack . France and other U.S. allies have said they want any coordinated response on Syria to be controlled by the U.N. . The report is being created by inspectors who traveled to the site of the chemical weapons attack in the suburban Damascus that the United States estimates killed more than 1,400 people . It could be a first step toward generating support for a Security Council resolution . The world is waiting . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Steve Brusk , Jamie Crawford , Jake Tapper , Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , John King , Jake Tapper and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Talks between the United States and Russia continue Russia 's Putin New York Times op-ed piece gets backlash Close to 100 die in fighting in Syria Thursday , opposition says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As the deadline nears for U.S. troops to exit major Iraqi cities , units in Mosul are in the midst of a months-long operation to sweep out extremist fighters . U.S. troops have a deadline of June 30 to exit major Iraqi cities . The decision on whether to keep troops in the restive northern city beyond June 30 has been a sticking point between the United States and Iraq . Parts of the city remain under insurgent control and high-profile attacks continue , unlike the vast majority of the country . "  We still have a major operation going inside of Mosul with all forces assisting and helping out . We expect that to end here within about 30 to 45 days , and then there will be a decision to be made , " the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Raymond Odierno , told reporters at the Pentagon on Friday . "  I was just up there Saturday , and we conducted a joint assessment , " he said . "  There 's some problems that we have to work through but , in fact , there 's potential that they -LSB- Iraqi forces -RSB- can handle the mission " when they take over in July . Despite concerns about the continuing violence , the government of Iraq said last week it will not extend the deadline for U.S. combat troops to leave Iraqi cities . The joint operation to clear Mosul of insurgents has been going on for 75 days , neighborhood by neighborhood , according to Odierno . "  It 's going to take us another 30 days to finish that , " he said . Mosul has become the last major fighting ground in Iraq as insurgents , mainly al Qaeda , were pushed north out of Baghdad during the U.S. troop "  surge " that started in 2007 . Insurgents were able to entrench in the city as U.S. and Iraqi forces cleared and held Baghdad and other regions . A number of U.S. troops were moved out of Mosul to help with surge operations farther south , leaving Mosul and surrounding areas mainly to Iraqi forces and a smaller U.S. military contingent . While Odierno said the current operations are "  having a good impact , " in Mosul , continued high-profile attacks haunt commanders there . On May 1 a suicide bomb was detonated near a coffee shop , killing at least six people . Five U.S. soldiers were killed on April 10 when a suicide bomber breached the outer security barrier of Iraqi National Police headquarters in southern Mosul . It was the single deadliest attack on U.S. troops in more than a year , the U.S. military said . Odierno noted the tactic of using women as suicide bombers is being used by insurgents in Mosul . "  We 've seen a few in Mosul -- a couple of attacks were connected by Tunisian foreign fighters that came in , we think , through Syria . We actually detained the leader of the cell , so now we 're learning more and more about it , " he said . U.S. and Iraqi forces are also facing a recent increase of attacks in Baghdad , which Odierno and other U.S. military officials pin on al Qaeda trying to again foment sectarian violence . "  We 're trying to get inside of these cells . We 're trying to understand where they 're coming from and we have been successful . We are picking people up , " the general said . He said the United States has improved its intelligence sharing with the Iraqi forces over the past six months , helping to impair the ability of the insurgents to move around . "  Their -LSB- Iraqi forces ' -RSB- strength is the human intelligence . Our strength comes in other ways . And so we 're trying to combine those together so we can work toward solving this problem , " he said . But with 45 days left until the security agreement with Iraq takes U.S. troops in Baghdad off the streets and back to their bases , there is some uncertainty about how Iraqi forces will contain the current violence . Odierno remains positive . "  There 's a potential that this could actually work , if the Iraqis are able to maintain in the cities and we 're able to , then , to spend more of our time in the support zones outside of the cities , " he said . "  We actually could come up with , actually , a stronger method of going after these forces . But we 'll have to wait and see . "	Parts of restive northern city remain under insurgent control , attacks continue Iraq says it will not extend June 30 deadline for U.S. troops to leave cities Mosul last major battleground since troop surge forced insurgents out of Baghdad Top U.S. commander in Iraq says potential exists for Iraqis to handle mission
CNN  -- An Amnesty International report issued Wednesday blasts Shell Oil Co. for its handling of the hundreds of oil spills that occur each year in Nigeria and accuses the company of "  serious deficiencies and abuses " that render "  wholly unreliable " its claims about how much oil is spilled and how often . The 80-page report , titled "  Bad Information -- Oil Spills in the Niger Delta , " cites corrosion , poor maintenance , equipment failure , sabotage and oil theft as causes of oil spills . But it challenges the company 's assertion that the vast majority of the spills are caused by sabotage and theft . "  There is no legitimate basis for this claim , " the report says . "  It relies on the outcome of an oil spill investigation process -- commonly known as the Joint Investigation Visit or JIV process -- in which the companies themselves are the primary investigators . " Reliable data about the spills is critical to limiting the harm they can cause to the environment , livelihoods and human health , the report says . Determining their cause is critical because communities affected by spills blamed on sabotage or theft get no compensation in Nigeria , which is itself a flaw , the report says . "  Oil companies should be held responsible for a spill that is due to sabotage or theft if the operator has failed to take sufficient measures to prevent tampering with its infrastructure , " it says . In response , Shell -- in a statement sent to CNN by spokesman Ross Whittam -- said : "  The Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Ltd  SPDC  firmly rejects unsubstantiated assertions that they have exaggerated the impact of crude oil theft and sabotage to distract attention from operational performance . "  We seek to bring greater transparency and independent oversight to the issue of oil spills , and will continue to find ways to enhance this . These efforts include publishing spill data online since January 2011 and working with Bureau Veritas , an independent third party , to find ways to improve the immediate response to a spill . " The Amnesty report acknowledges improvements since 2011 , but says "  serious flaws remain " in the company 's oil spill investigation process . "  These include weaknesses in the underlying evidence used to attribute spills to sabotage and the fact that the JIV reports are filled out by Shell after the joint investigation process -- not as part of the joint investigation process . There is , consequently , a lack of transparency and oversight in terms of what is recorded on the new JIV reports . " But Shell said in its statement that SPDC can not control the joint investigation process , since it involves representatives of regulatory bodies , the Ministry of Environment , the Nigerian Police Force , the state government and affected communities . The company cited a recent report from Britain 's Chatham House that said an average of 100,000 barrels of oil were stolen each day in the first quarter of this year . "  Coordinated action from the industry , government , security forces , civil society and others is needed to end this criminality , which remains the main cause of oil pollution in the Delta today , " it said . "  SPDC regrets that some NGOs continue to take a campaigning approach rather than focusing on on-the-ground solutions that bring societal benefits . " Audrey Gaughran , director of global issues for Amnesty in London , rejected the company 's characterization of the report 's claims as "  unsubstantiated . " "  The assertions are very well substantiated in the report , " she said in a telephone interview . "  We 've taken the process down step by step , with expert advice , and provided individual cases , and all of this was provided to Shell beforehand to seek responses , and we got no responses to anything . " She also disputed the company 's description of Bureau Veritas as independent . "  Bureau Veritas is hired by Shell , " she said . And she said the Chatham House report is irrelevant . "  Yes , it documents significant theft , " which is a serious issue , she said . But , she added , "  Theft is not oil spills . Proving there 's loads of theft does n't prove there 's lots of oil spills due to the theft . "	Amnesty International cites "  serious deficiencies and abuses " It challenges Shell 's assertion that the vast majority of spills are caused by sabotage and theft Shell calls the report 's assertions "  unsubstantiated " Amnesty cites its reporting of individual cases
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Il arrived in China Thursday after a visit to Russia , the state-run Xinhua news agency in China reported . The brief report from Inner Mongolia said Kim was visiting northeastern China but gave no further details about what he was doing or who he was meeting . The trips comes after Kim visited Russia earlier this week , where he said North Korea is ready to return to nuclear talks without preconditions , according to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's spokeswoman . Medvedev and Kim talked for about two hours , Medvedev 's spokeswoman Natalia Timakova told Russia 's Interfax news agency . "  Kim Jong Il has expressed his readiness to resume the six-party  nuclear  talks without preconditions , and then during those talks  the North Koreans  will be ready to impose a ban on the production of nuclear materials and their testing , " she said . The last round of six-party talks took place in 2008 . In addition to Russia and North Korea , the talks also include South Korea , Japan , the United States and China . "  I have quite a positive feeling about the meeting , which was sincere , rich in content and multi-faceted , " Medvedev said on Russian TV . While North Korea has called for the resumption of six-party talks without preconditions before , the United States and South Korea have insisted on a tangible demonstration from North Korea that it is serious about denuclearization . Washington and Seoul did not immediately respond to Wednesday 's developments . It was first Kim 's third visit to Russia . As on trips in 2001 and 2002 , he travelled all the way from North Korea in his own armored train . RIA-Novosti said Kim 's train consists of 17 rail cars , plus four Russian cars that were added in Russia 's Far East to transport local Russian officials and extra security guards and service personnel .	Kim Jong Il arrives in northeastern China , according to a brief report He visited Russia earlier this week He said he was prepared to return to nuclear talks without conditions The United States and South Korea want a sign he is serious about denuclearization
Decatur , Georgia  CNN  -- Given all their country and people have been through , between political upheavals , human rights abuses , hurricanes , abject poverty and last week 's earthquake , "  If Haitians were constantly questioning their faith , they would all be atheists . " These words came from the Rev. Eric Hill as he prepared to lead Haitian Mass Sunday at Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church in Decatur , Georgia . Some of the 100 Haitian parishioners who gathered raised their hands to the heavens in praise , grateful their loved ones had been found . Others bowed their heads and clenched their hands for those lost , still missing and all who suffered . One woman wept out of guilt because she -- a U.S. citizen -- had been able to leave her devastated homeland a day after the quake , while so many were left behind . Their unshaken faith and devotion to God is the same sort that 's played out in other houses of worship , in living rooms and on the torn-up streets of Haiti . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your story , photos with CNN iReport Carmella Delerme of Miami , Florida , said her mother clung to her Bible for days , reading psalms over and over again , as they waited for word on the whereabouts and condition of Delerme 's sister and other relatives . When her sister , who was in Haiti on a missionary trip with their Seventh-day Adventist Church , called late Thursday , Delerme said , "  I went straight to church and prayed and prayed and prayed . We continue to pray for those who are lost and still in need . " On the streets of Port-au-Prince , with many of their churches crumbled , people have gathered to worship and sing Catholic and Protestant hymns . "  That 's the soundscape of the country right now , " said Elizabeth McAlister , a professor of religion and anthropologist of Haiti who teaches at Wesleyan University in Connecticut . "  It 's the business of religion to create meaning out of chaos . ... Tragically , the business of religion is getting a lot of trade today . " See complete coverage of Haiti earthquake It 's often said that 80 percent of Haitians are Catholic , although other estimates range from 55 percent to 85 percent . McAlister , who puts her best estimate at 70 percent , said getting a proper census in Haiti to nail down numbers is impossible . But between Protestant denominations and Catholicism , it is without doubt a majority Christian country , she said . Weaved in , however , are the nuances that come with the country 's troubled history . Colonized by the French , the land then known as Saint-Domingue emerged as one of the wealthiest colonies of the 18th century . It 's flourishing sugar production and aggressive deforestation was achieved on the backs of half a million African slaves . They brought with them their own belief systems , rooted in West and Central African traditions . Haitian Vodou , often misunderstood and branded with stereotypes , has its own ceremonies and rituals meant to honor spirits , or loas . These spirits , seen as intermediaries with God and links to ancestors , can be called upon for help . And for practicing Christians , especially Catholics who can view saints as they would spirits , the two systems do not have to be mutually exclusive . Not everyone is necessarily practicing Vodou , commonly anglicized as Voodoo , but McAlister said the Afro-Creole Haitian traditions are usually kept alive and the ancestral spirits are inherited by at least one member of every family . Haitian-born Leslie Desmangles remembered being hurt as a boy by the words of Christian missionaries who misunderstood and demonized his peoples ' traditions . Theirs were sentiments much like those uttered last week by televangelist Pat Robertson who said the Haitian people are "  cursed " because they "  swore a pact with the devil " to get out from under French rule . Robertson 's comments were "  insensitive , theologically unsound and loaded with racial connotations , " said Desmangles , a professor of religion and international studies at Trinity College in Connecticut . In the Decatur church Sunday , the priest reminded his congregants that theirs is an all-loving God , not a vindictive one . Their God , he said , is in the international outpouring of support from people who , one week ago , did n't know where Haiti was . Their God is a rock of stability when the earth trembles . Their God is the one who lifts them up "  to mend our broken bones , to brush us off and to bury the dead , " Hill said . And during this first Sunday Mass after the earthquake , their God was in the music that moved them . To the distinctly Caribbean sounds of their band and choir , they sang hymns of praise to the one they believe stands with them . "  People continue to be God 's instruments , " the pastor said , with the help of a Creole translator . "  God will work through all of us to bring new life to Haiti . " As he spoke , a little girl , too young to understand the pain around her , did what she could . She planted kisses on the forehead of her anguished father , his face buried in his hands , before skipping off to make fish faces and giggle with other children .	Haitians would be atheists if they questioned faith , given all they 've seen , priest says Instead belief in God remains unshaken , as seen in churches , homes and on streets Haitian Vodou , often misunderstood , is part of people 's rich history Their God is all-loving , not vindictive , priest says in answer to Pat Robertson
CNN  -- Randall Stephenson , CEO of AT&T , was watching the Olympics with his daughter when she saw it -- an ad featuring a man in a wheelchair suffering from a severe brain injury and holding a sign with the text : "  Where r. " "  This is the text message that caused the car accident that changed my life forever , " the man said . According to Stephenson , the ad did its job . "  She said , ` Dad ... that 's heavy ' , " he said . "  I said , it 's supposed to be heavy . It got your attention and that 's what we 're trying to accomplish . " Massachusetts teen convicted of homicide in texting-while-driving case The ad , from AT&T , is part of the mobile company 's "  It Can Wait " campaign . First launched in 2009 , the campaign aims to curb texting and driving , especially among young drivers . It will be ramping up between now and September 19 , or what the campaign is calling "  No Text on Board -- Pledge Day . " AT&T is asking all Americans to visit ItCanWait.com on or before that day and take a pledge to not text behind the wheel . According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project , texting while driving increased 50 % in one year  2010  , when 20 % of all drivers admitted to texting or sending an e-mail while driving . Teens report doing so at more than twice that rate , with 43 % admitting to doing so in an AT&T survey . People texting are 23 times more likely to get into an accident than other drivers , according to the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute . Several AT&T competitors , including Sprint and Verizon , have their own anti-texting-and-driving campaigns in one form or another , a fact Stephenson said he welcomes . "  If it 's just AT&T owning this issue , it does n't get the traction it needs , " he said . "  This is a dead-serious issue and I do n't mean that as a pun . People are dying ... we just need everyone to get after this and reverse this trend . " But with the ads like the one Stephenson watched with his daughter , AT&T 's campaign has been most visible . Stephenson makes no apologies about the frank nature of the ads , another of which features a woman sharing the one-word text she 'd sent to her sister , who was reading it behind the wheel when she flipped her car and died . "  I do n't think you 're going to move the needle without making people uncomfortable , " he said . Texting while walking a dangerous experiment in multitasking Others supporting the campaign include the National Safety Council , National Organizations for Youth Safety , wireless-industry trade association CTIA and the U.S. Department of Transportation . As to the pledge , Stephenson acknowledges that such efforts can be spotty in terms of verifiable results . But anything that draws attention to the problem is a plus , he said . "  We 've all made these pledges , and some stick and some do n't , " said Stephenson . "  But just the act , the effort of going to a website and taking the pledge ... now you 're aware . " TXTING @ THE WHEEL BAD 4 U ?	"  It Can Wait " aims to end the practice of texting and driving On September 19 , AT&T is hosting No Text on Board -- Pledge Day 43 % of teens admit to texting while behind the wheel Gripping ads feature victims injured or killed while texting
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- In her first interview since being released from jail , Paris Hilton told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that she has never used drugs , is n't a big drinker , and although she feels her incarceration was unwarranted , God had a reason for putting her there . Paris Hilton talks to Larry King on "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night . "  Do n't serve the time ; let the time serve you , " Hilton said . "  I have a new outlook on life . " The 26-year-old hotel heiress was released from jail early Tuesday after being sentenced to 45 days in jail for driving on a license that was suspended after she pleaded no contest in January to alcohol-related reckless driving . Her jail term was cut almost in half for good behavior . Being incarcerated , Hilton said , provided "  time to get to know myself " and she has emerged from the jail cell with a determination to eliminate the bad elements , and bad friends , from her life . She also promised King , "  I 'm just going to follow all the laws . " Grilled about the friends she had to sacrifice , she replied , "  I 've gotten rid of a lot of people . " Asked for names , she said , "  I do n't want to hurt anyone 's feelings , but they know who they are . " During her 23 days in jail , Hilton said she meditated , read letters from fans , talked to other inmates through the vents , wrote in her journal and read the Bible , though she could n't cite a favorite passage when asked . It was also nice to have a little privacy , she said , and to "  be away from all the flashes for a while . " Watch what Paris watchers say to that " Her imprisonment also reversed a mental disorder she said she had suffered from all her life . Asked by King if her time in jail cured her claustrophobia , she said , "  Now that I 'm out of there , yes . " But there were rough times , too , she said . The food "  was n't that tasty , " she said . Being strip-searched was the most humiliating experience of her life and one Sunday visit from her parents was especially emotional for her , she said . "  It was my first Father 's Day I could n't give my dad a hug , and that was really hard on me , " she said , describing how she was separated from her visitors by glass . When she arrived at the Century Regional Detention Facility , her claustrophobia became too much to handle , she said . She could n't sleep . She could n't eat . She suffered from anxiety and panic attacks , she said . Her deteriorating mental condition is what prompted Sheriff Lee Baca -- much to the chagrin of the judge who sentenced Hilton -- to release her to house arrest after consulting physicians . "  He thought it 'd be better for everybody if I just went home , " she said . An angry prosecutor and judge demanded that she be returned to jail . "  Ten minutes before the police arrived I 'm yanked out of bed " and told the news , she said , describing the situation as "  crazy ; it was pure madness . " Hilton said that her lawyer told her that her license was valid . "  I never would 've driven on a suspended license . I get followed by paparazzi all day . Why would I have the audacity to do that ? " Asked if she got a "  raw deal , " she replied that she had and that she was shocked when her 45-day sentence was handed down because "  that does n't happen ever . " Her lawyers had predicted she 'd get community service , she said . "  But I do n't know . Even though I hate it , I 'm glad it happened in a way because this really changed my life forever , and I feel stronger than ever . " Perhaps the world 's most famous socialite , Hilton said she has picked up her life and career -- which includes modeling , perfumes , clothing , movies , singing and television shows -- where she left them for an 8-by-12-foot cell three weeks ago . But despite her reputation , Hilton said it wo n't be hard to give up the party heartiness that has helped make her famous . Why ? Because she does n't have a problem , never has -- those are just "  stories " that the media have made up about her , she said . Asked three times if she has ever used or been addicted to drugs , she replied flatly , "  No . " Asked if she was a big drinker , Hilton told King , "  I 'm not really into it . I think socially people do sometimes when they go out , but it 's not something that I really care about . " She added , "  People make up so many crazy stories . The things I read about and things I see is not the person who I am . It really baffles me sometimes when I read things -- the places I 've never been , people I 've never met -- it 's really shocking to me . " The buildup to the much-anticipated interview was palpable . Passersby may have thought a head of state was arriving at CNN 's Los Angeles studio Wednesday , but the hullabaloo was for Hilton . With scores of onlookers and paparazzi gathered behind police barriers on the side streets -- still and video cameras perched eagerly -- a dozen Los Angeles police officers and several private security guards carefully watched the alley behind the building on Sunset Boulevard . Hilton arrived in a black Cadillac Escalade , wearing white-rimmed sunglasses and a cream-colored minidress with lace sleeves . She was hustled through a vacant lobby -- cleared especially for her arrival -- and upstairs to the studio where King has prodded news makers for CNN for more than two decades . King , decked out in a purple button-down , polka-dot tie and his trademark suspenders , was promptly told that Hilton would need 15 minutes in hair and makeup before beginning one of the most sought-after interviews in recent history . The gambling Web site Bodog was taking wagers on what comments Hilton would make during the interview . Odds were , according to the Web site , Hilton would discuss finding God in jail and the mental health issues from which she suffered while incarcerated . Bodog.com founder Calvin Ayre said taking odds on Hilton "  seemed like a natural fit for us . The vast majority of our odds are based on the most common questions being asked by the public . " But whether Hilton is serious about reinventing -- or dismantling -- herself remains to be seen . Time will be the determinant of whether Hilton has changed her wily ways or if this is a spurious attempt to rebuild a battered image , said Laurie Levenson , a law professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . "  I think some of it could be sincere , and some of it could be her handlers , " she said . "  If it 's not sincere it will crack pretty fast . " It is possible , Levenson said , that the "  transformative experience " of being jailed could have had a profound effect on the heiress , and whether it sticks will depend on what kind of reinforcement and recognition she receives for being good . Levenson said she is unsure whether Hilton has the necessary tools to be a "  great contributor to American society , because she 's been playing somewhat of a vacuous role . " But , Levenson acknowledges , being a good girl may not bode well for business -- "  Sometimes society likes the naughty Paris Hilton . We like a bad girl . " After Wednesday 's hourlong interview , Hilton walked out of the studio and chatted with two children and posed for a photo with them outside the studio 's control room . Of the interview , she told a producer in the hallway , "  I was nervous , but Larry 's so sweet . " E-mail to a friend	Paris Hilton : "  I 'm just going to follow all the laws " Hilton denies three times using or being addicted to drugs Hilton says sentence was excessive Jail strip-search humiliating , Hilton says
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Scientific tests prove bones housed in the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome are those of the apostle St. Paul himself , according to Pope Benedict XVI . Pope Benedict XVI looks at the tomb of St. Paul at the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome in 2007 . "  Tiny fragments of bone " in the sarcophagus were subjected to carbon dating , showing they "  belong to someone who lived in the first or second century , " the pope said in a homily carried on Italian television . "  This seems to confirm the unanimous and undisputed tradition that these are the mortal remains of the Apostle St. Paul , " Benedict said in Sunday 's announcement . The tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth , purple in color and laminated with pure gold , and a blue colored textile with linen filaments , " the pope said . The tests were carried out by inserting a probe into a small opening in the sarcophagus , "  which had not been opened for many centuries , " the pontiff said . The probe "  also revealed the presence of grains of red incense and traces of protein and limestone . " Separately , archaeologists have uncovered an image of St. Paul which "  could be considered the oldest icon of the apostle known to date , " the Vatican 's official newspaper reported Sunday . The painting , in the St. Tecla Catacomb , is "  among the oldest and best-defined figures from ancient Christianity , " according to the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archaeology , L'Osservatore Romano reported . St. Paul is one of the most significant figures in Christianity . Originally a persecutor of early Christians , he became a follower of Jesus after seeing a vision on the road to Damascus , according to Christian tradition . "  Saul , Saul , why are you persecuting me ? " the vision of Jesus asks Paul , using the apostle 's birth name , in the Acts of the Apostles . Saul then took the name Paul and became a missionary . His letters , or epistles , to early Christian communities around the Mediterranean form a significant portion of the New Testament . Paul was beheaded by Roman authorities sometime between 65 and 67 A.D. , according to the Catholic Church . He was buried a few miles away , and when the Roman Empire stopped persecuting Christians some 250 years later , the Emperor Constantine had a basilica built over his grave . It currently lies under a marble tombstone bearing the Latin inscription PAULO APOSTOLO MART  Apostle Paul , martyr  , according to the Web site of the basilica . A papal altar stands over the tombstone , which is visible through a window-like opening , the Web site says . Monday marks the end of a year of celebration in honor of the 2,000 th anniversary of St. Paul 's birth . It also happens to be the feast day of Saints Peter and Paul . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Scientific tests prove bones are those of the apostle St. Paul , pope says Vatican tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth " Tests were carried out by inserting probe into small opening in sarcophagus
CNN  -- Each day more than 55 million students attend the country 's 130,000 schools . Each day , parents and guardians entrust some 7 million teachers with the education of our children . And on a normal day , that is all we expect teachers to do -- teach . But on those not-so normal days we are reminded that for six hours a day and more , five days a week , teaching is not the only thing teachers are charged with doing . On those not-so-normal days , we are reminded that teachers are also asked to be surrogate parents , protectors , heroes . Monday was one of those not-so-normal days . The nation watched in horror as a 2-mile-wide tornado with winds up to 200 mph tore through Moore , Oklahoma . As sirens blared and the ground shook , the full force of the twister hit Plaza Towers Elementary School around 3 p.m. . It was full of students , young scared children who had nowhere to hide as the tornado ripped off the roof , sending debris everywhere . Heroes or just doing their jobs ? Teacher save lives during tornado "  We had to pull a car out of the front hall off a teacher and I do n't know what her name is , but she had three little kids underneath her , " a rescuer said . "  Good job teach . " And that teacher was not the only one whose body shielded children from harm . A couple of years ago , as state and local officials were looking for ways to cut spending , a study from the American Enterprise Institute emerged in 2011 , asking a provocative question : Are teachers overpaid ? Using abbreviated metrics -- such as comparing private sector employees ' SAT and GRE scores with those of teachers -- the study 's co-author Jason Richwine said the findings suggested that "  years of education could be an overestimate of cognitive skills . " A counterintuitive and insulting proposition . But in retrospect that should n't be too surprising considering Richwine 's doctoral dissertation advocated keeping out immigrants with low IQs , which he maintained are lower than those of the "  native white population . " He also co-authored an attack on immigration reform for the Heritage Foundation . And he resigned as the group 's senior policy analyst shortly afterward . Nevertheless , as educators in Chicago voted to strike and benefits such as tenure came under scrutiny , the question that study proposed sparked a national conversation and helped turn 2012 into a year in which teacher-bashing became a popular past time . But when I think of the importance of teaching in this country , when I think about the heroism demonstrated in Oklahoma , I find it impossible to overpay teachers . We can certainly talk about the realities of the economy , debate the best method to evaluate effectiveness and discuss the drawbacks of unions . But anyone who characterizes teachers as overpaid is forgetting what we entrust them with each and every day . Our children . Inside a tornado-ravaged school On a normal day , you do n't think about that too much . But on a not-so-normal day , that is all you can think about . Anne Marie Murphy , a mother of four , died trying to protect 6-year-old Dylan Hockley as Adam Lanza terrorized the halls of Sandy Hook Elementary School in December . When police found the two victims , Murphy was still holding Hockley in her arms . And five other educators did not run away from the threat but gave their lives trying to protect students , trying to protect children . How do you overpay for that ? Obviously no parent or guardian drops their children off at school thinking tragedy is going to happen . But perhaps we should be grateful that if something terrible does happen , that there are these angels in the building who will do right by our kids . Who will give anything -- sometimes even their lives -- to protect them in our absence . One of the Plaza Towers teachers reportedly was lying on top of six students in a school bathroom to shelter them from the horrific storm . I 'm sure that is not in the job description . So yes , it is fiscally responsible for a community to talk about loss of tax revenue and budget deficits . But we ought to be careful not to vilify this profession while doing so . Teachers are not glorified babysitters with summers off . Their profession fuels all others , and on a normal day that is amazing enough in and of itself . But on a day that 's not so normal , we hope and pray that they are willing to do much more . And time and time again , in the face of terrible tragedies , we have learned that many of them do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Oklahoma tornado another case where teachers tried to shield kids from harm LZ : A report saying teachers are overpaid , union problems led to a lot of teacher bashing LZ : How could you overpay a teacher who risks or loses her life to shield kids ? We should not vilify teachers , he says . Even on a normal day , what they do is amazing enough
"  Chronicle " sacked "  The Woman in Black " at the box office on Super Bowl weekend , but both modestly-budgeted films exceeded industry expectations and brought in strong grosses for their respective studios . Fox 's $ 15 million found footage film "  Chronicle , " a thriller directed by newcomer Josh Trank about a trio of teenage boys who acquire super powers , soared into first place with $ 22 million in its first three days . That gave the film a potent $ 7,568 per theater average -- the best in the Top 20 . Awareness for "  Chronicle " appeared disconcertingly low a few weeks ago , but thanks to an aggressive TV marketing push , a viral video advertisement  "  Flying People in New York City "  , and , perhaps most notably , the film 's zeitgeist-y found footage appeal , the adventure managed to bring young people to the theater in droves . The surprise hit received an average "  B " CinemaScore grade , with generations divided on the found footage factor : Audiences under 18 gave the movie a "  B + " , while audiences above 50 issued it a "  D + " . Thankfully for Fox , older moviegoers do n't make up "  Chronicle 's " target demographic . Despite the average grade , with reviews so much stronger than most films aimed at teens , and an encouraging 18 percent bump on Saturday  which suggests positive word-of-mouth  , "  Chronicle " might not plummet at the box office the way "  F " graded "  The Devil Inside " did a few weeks ago . There 's no telling how high "  Chronicle " will end up flying at the box office just yet , but with its impressive debut frame , the film is already a big hit . While the execs at Fox are clinking their champagne glasses together , the suits over at CBS Films are likely getting ready to throw an all-out party after the the second-place debut of "  The Woman in Black , " which earned $ 21 million this weekend and became the young studio 's first real hit . The supernatural spookfest , which CBS acquired for just $ 3 million from British financier Hammer Film Productions , succeeded in capturing young viewers  especially young women  on opening weekend , and Harry Potter himself , Daniel Radcliffe , proved his drawing power outside of the Potter franchise -- something the Twilight stars have yet to do . "  The Woman in Black " earned a lackluster "  B - " CinemaScore grade , but , like "  Chronicle , " the film has already proved itself a major success . In third , Liam Neeson 's snowy survival entry "  The Grey " dipped 52 percent to $ 9.5 million , giving it a ten-day total of $ 34.8 million . Do n't be deceived by the brisk decline . Because of the Super Bowl , which will keep over 100 million Americans in their living rooms and out of theaters , studios are estimating drops in the 70 percent-range on Sunday , which causes most titles to have larger-than-usual weekend drops . "  The Grey " is doing well . "  Big Miracle , " Universal 's family-friendly option starring Drew Barrymore as a woman attempting to save three whales locked inside Alaskan ice , swam away with a rather chilly $ 8.5 million in its first three days . The film , made for just under $ 40 million , could n't capture the same size audience as fellow aquatic mammal offering , "  Dolphin Tale , " which started with $ 19.2 million on its way to a $ 72.3 million total last September . With an "  A - " CinemaScore grade and strong playability among families , "  Big Miracle " may hold well in the weeks to come . As it stands now , though , this whale tale looks dead in the water . "  Underworld Awakening " rounded out the Top 5 , dipping 55 percent to $ 5.6 million . The $ 70 million 3D vampire action film has amassed $ 54.4 million after three weekends , making it the second-highest grossing film of 2012 . What 's ahead of it ? Kate Beckinsale 's other action vehicle , "  Contraband , " which has earned $ 61.2 million . Not a bad way to the start year ! A few milestones were achieved by Oscar contenders this weekend , too . "  The Descendants ' " $ 4.6 million frame helped it scoot right past $ 65 million in its 12th week . Best Picture favorite "  The Artist " dropped 22 percent to $ 2.6 million in its 11th week , breaking the $ 20 million plateau in the process . "  Hugo " fell by only 8 percent  the smallest drop in the Top 20  in its 11th week to $ 2.3 million , lifting its total out of the $ 50 million-range up to $ 62 million .  It 's rumored to have cost over twice that amount .  And "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " came this close to a key milestone , but for now , it will have to settle for a $ 99.9 million total . 1 . Chronicle -- $ 22.0 million 2 . The Woman in Black -- $ 21.0 mil 3 . The Grey -- $ 9.5 mil 4 . Big Miracle -- $ 8.5 mil 5 . Underworld Awakening -- $ 5.6 mil See the full article at EW.com .	"  Chronicle " soared into first place with $ 22 million in its first three days "  The Woman in Black , " earned $ 21 million this weekend "  The Grey " dipped 52 percent to $ 9.5 million , giving it a ten-day total of $ 34.8 million
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina  CNN  -- Franklin Graham was stumped . He had no idea what to give his father , evangelist Billy Graham , for his 90th birthday Friday . The Rev. Billy Graham speaks at a crusade in Kansas City , Missouri , in October 2004 . Suddenly , it dawned on him . "  I have people who sometimes come up to me and say , ` Franklin , I know I 'll never meet your father , but would you mind telling him that I got saved in his meeting in London in 1950 ? ' " the younger Graham said at the Billy Graham Library in Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I thought , wow , would n't it be something if everybody just wrote that little story down and gave it to him ? " So Franklin Graham turned to the Internet to help . For the past few months , people from around the world have been leaving personal messages for the elder Graham at billygraham90.com . The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association says it has received tens of thousands of birthday greetings . Read the messages "  In 1995 , I was in between combat tours , " writes a Canadian veteran . "  I was in my barracks room one night , and I was seriously contemplating suicide . Before cutting my wrists , a voice told me to put on the television . There you were preaching about why we should n't hurt ourselves that suicide was n't the answer . I was loved that night . " Other well-wishers write about how Graham 's ministry healed their marriages , reconciled families and led them to lives of service . At 90 , Billy Graham remains "  America 's pastor . " In over 70 years of ministry , Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person and in 185 countries . Millions more have read his books and seen him on television . Graham has also prayed with and counseled every American president from Harry Truman to George W. Bush . After Barack Obama won the presidential election , Graham issued an appeal on behalf of the president-elect : "  I urge everyone to join me in pledging our support and prayers as he begins the difficult task ahead . " Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain visited Graham at his home over the summer . "  He did n't ask for one thing except for water , " Franklin Graham said of the senator 's visit . "  He said , ` Dr. Graham , I 'd appreciate your prayer . If you 'd just pray that I 'd run an honorable campaign , ' and that 's all he asked . He did n't ask for my father 's support . " Today , Billy Graham spends most of his time in the remote western North Carolina mountain home where he and his wife , Ruth , raised their five children : Gigi , Anne , Ruth , Franklin and Ned . "  There are a lot of miles on that body , " his daughter Ruth said . "  His world has become smaller . " He leaves his home only for doctor 's visits in Asheville and an occasional Billy Graham Evangelistic Association board meeting in Charlotte . It has been a difficult time for Graham . In summer 2007 , his wife , Ruth , died after being bedridden for many years . The grief is still constant for Graham . "  She was just one great woman . She has a lot of steel in her and a lot of determination . ... I just thank God that he chose her way off in China somewhere to come back to America and marry me , " Graham told CNN 's Kyra Phillips in one of his last television interviews in 2005 . Graham 's family and associates say that his mind is sharp despite his age and that for a man who is 90 , he 's in good physical shape . "  The lion still has a roar , " said Graham 's spokesman , Larry Ross . Graham exercises with a physical therapist on a regular basis and still swims and takes walks when he can . However , the fragilities of old age are also a reality . In October , Graham spent a night in the hospital after tripping over his golden retriever , Sam . A nurse stays with him around the clock . Graham uses a walker to get around . His hearing is failing . Macular degeneration is stealing his eyesight . Yet despite these obstacles , Graham continues his ministry . With the help of an assistant , Graham is writing another book about growing older . "  I have discovered that just because we grow weaker physically as we age , it does n't mean that we must grow weaker spiritually , " Graham said in a statement this week . "  In fact , we ought to be growing stronger spiritually , because our eyes ought to be on eternity and Heaven -- on the things that really matter . " In many ways , these days Graham is making up for the years he spent on the road . "  He really tried to stay in touch with us and be the kind of father that he wanted to be , " his daughter Ruth said . "  He has said that he 's frustrated that he was n't home for us when we were little . " His daughter Anne , a Raleigh , North Carolina-based evangelist , often stops by to read from the Bible and preach . Graham has often said she is the best preacher in the family . Every Sunday when he is in town , Franklin has lunch with his father . They talk about the ministry and world events . Graham stays connected to the world by watching the news . CNN 's "  Larry King Live " is part of his nightly ritual , Ross says . Graham often prays for the people he sees in the news . After a church shooting in December in Colorado left five people dead , Franklin says , his father was heartbroken . "  He said , ` Franklin , let 's pray for those families ' ... so I turned the television off , and Daddy prayed for those victims , and that 's the side of Billy Graham I do n't think people realize . " A family meal of North Carolina barbeque , including pulled pork and coleslaw , will mark Graham 's birthday Friday . All of Graham 's children and most of his grandchildren and great-grandchildren will be there . It will be the first time Graham 's children have all been together since their mother died . The following week , there will be a larger celebration with friends and people who have served with Graham . There , he will be presented with the book of birthday greetings from fans around the world . Graham 's children say that despite his remarkable life , he is a humble man who does n't dwell on the past . "  My father does n't look backwards , " his daughter Ruth said . "  He really does see that God was the one who did it , and he just happened to be in the room . "	Graham turns 90 on Friday ; large birthday celebration planned for next week Tens of thousands of people have left birthday greetings for the evangelist Graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person Graham 's family says his mind is sharp and he 's in good physical shape
CNN  -- In the wake of this month 's Senate report graphically detailing acts of torture by the CIA at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere , the American Psychological Association announced it is actively investigating collusion of its members with the torture program at Guantanamo . Meanwhile , a decision last week by my own professional association , the American Institute of Architects , or AIA , suggests that impunity for all may be the order of the day . Despite years of advocacy and formal requests , the AIA -- which claims as its members a majority of the roughly 110,000 architects in the United States -- has officially declined to add specific language to its code of ethics that would prohibit the design of torture chambers in U.S. prisons and around the world . In doing so , it cites anti-trust concerns and the potential difficulty of enforcing the prohibition , but it ignores the claims of human rights . To be sure , the AIA 's ethics code contains aspirational language that broadly states , "  Members should uphold human rights in all their professional endeavors . " Contrast that , for example , with the code of the American Medical Association or the World Medical Association Tokyo Declaration on Torture , which reads , "  The physician shall not provide any premises , instruments , substances , or knowledge to facilitate the practice of torture . " That leaves providing the premises for torture up to us architects , and as far as the AIA is concerned , we are open for business . Yes , the prisons at Guantanamo had architects . The design of Camp 6 was based on the Lenawee County , Michigan , jail , according to its architect . Other camps were built with prefabricated steel prison cells , a popular jail-building technology that may well have been used to construct the CIA 's "  black site " prisons overseas . The only apparent justification for the additional expense and complexity of building on such remote sites with no access to local labor or building materials was that these were places where the legal system could not interfere with indefinite detention and "  enhanced interrogation techniques . " The AIA 's decision not to prohibit design for torture is not just about a handful of egregious projects , however , despite the horrific and planned-for consequences for some of the occupants taken to those buildings . It 's also about the design of spaces in more conventional prisons intended for prolonged solitary confinement : a practice roundly regarded as a form of torture by Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Torture . These organizations are but some of the human rights advocates that wrote letters urging the AIA to enact a prohibition . Here in the United States , about 20,000 people are held in solitary confinement in one of 45 or so specially designed "  supermax " prisons , and some 60,000 more are held in "  segregation wings " and "  security housing units " in state prisons and "  the hole " in county jails . While architects can not be held responsible for unintended uses of the spaces they design , the intention of most of these spaces is clear from the get-go . The use of remote-controlled doors , individualized cellular "  recreation yards " and solid cell fronts with special pass-through slots are all architectural features that enable and deepen isolation , leading inexorably to psychological pain . Half of all prison suicides happen to the approximately 4 % of people in solitary confinement . Architecture facilitates this suffering and these deaths . In the face of the Senate 's torture report , citizens can by and large only watch the different branches of government contest what happened . But just as all Americans are stained and put at risk by our country 's reputation for torture , all of us have opportunities within the multiple roles we play in life to reject torture and enact accountability . As citizens , it is our responsibility to vote out torturers and to demand prosecutions of perpetrators so that torture will never happen again . Likewise , all licensed professionals have a responsibility to protect the health , safety and welfare of the public . And , for me and my fellow architects , we must further protect our values by changing building codes and industry standards as new challenges emerge  often after a major building disaster  . The unwillingness of American 's leading architectural association to prohibit the design of torture facilities is a shocking , shameful and deeply troubling statement . It refuses to place any limit on the potential role of design in human rights violations , even the most egregious . Accountability begins at home . Unless and until the AIA revisits the issue , American architects are represented by a professional association whose ethical boundaries include the facilitation of torture . So , back to business : How far apart should those ceiling shackles be ? What dimensions did you want for that waterboard ? And of course I think it all looks best in black . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Raphael Sperry : AIA declined specific prohibition on architects designing torture chambers He says group chose not to follow organizations like the AMA in banning involvement Professionals have responsibility to protect health , safety , welfare , Sperry says
CNN  -- French Prime Minister Francois Fillon has apologized to his opposite number in New Zealand , John Key , over the recent "  unacceptable behavior " of France rugby center Mathieu Bastareaud . Bastareaud has now been hospitalized after the furor surrounding his false claim of assault in New Zealand . The 20-year-old Stade Francais player , who is the cousin of Arsenal defender William Gallas , has been hospitalized with psychiatric problems after lying over an alleged assault outside the team hotel in Wellington -- following France 's 14-10 defeat against the All Blacks on June 20 . Fillon told Key in a letter : "  France 's tour of New Zealand has been marked by the unacceptable behavior of one of our players . "  Our two countries share the culture of rugby . This sport has always allowed us to meet and to share a mutual respect . I hope that these sentiments will continue after this regrettable affair . " Bastareaud 's claim that he was attacked by four or five men outside the hotel shocked New Zealand and led to an apology from Key . But video evidence showed the player had entered the hotel on Sunday morning uninjured and had gone into his room 25 minutes later . Meanwhile , Bastareaud , who was admitted to hospital on Monday , received support from the French players ' union Provale . "  We , professional rugby players , lend our friendship and support to Mathieu Bastereaud and his family , " Provale said in a statement . French Rugby Federation  FRF  president Pierre Camou also offered his apology to New Zealand over the affair that blighted France 's All Black tour . A FRF statement declared : "  To be an international carries with it responsibility as a representative of your country and your federation . "  The FRF is shocked that one of the French team has lied . The New Zealand nation and the world of rugby can legitimately feel wounded by the player 's initial statements which have also tarnished the image of French rugby . " Bastareaud returned home early from the tour to treat his facial injuries as the rest of the French squad travelled on to Australia and on his return issued an apology saying he believed he had to tell the truth following the media furore . He said that instead of being assaulted he had in fact sustained the bruises to his face after a drunken fall in his hotel room . Bastareaud , who had been due to go on a family holiday to the Caribbean this week , is expected to stay in hospital for at least a fortnight under observation .	French Prime Minister Francois Fillon apologizes to New Zealand counterpart Fillon says sorry following the "  unacceptable behavior " of Mathieu Bastareaud Bastareaud had lied over claims he was assaulted outside hotel in Wellington The 20-year-old center has now been hospitalized due to psychiatric problems
CNN  -- To say the gone-too-soon series "  Firefly " has a devoted fan base might be the biggest understatement in sci-fi fandom . Eight years after Fox grounded the crew from Serenity , a loyal following still longs for any chance to return to director Joss Whedon 's fully realized mashup of outer space and the Old West . Luckily for them , Whedon is a comic-book fan . In 2005 's "  Serenity : Those Left Behind " and 2008 's "  Serenity : Better Days " -- both produced by Whedon for Dark Horse Comics -- we get to see Captain Mal and friends in action . Now , with "  Serenity : Float Out , " there 's a chance to stop in for a more personal visit with one of the crew 's most beloved characters . "  Float Out , " released Thursday by Dark Horse , is written by actor , comedian and "  Firefly " devotee Patton Oswalt based on an idea he floated to Whedon . It focuses on Wash , the wise-cracking ace pilot whose stunning death at the end of "  Serenity " can still bring some devoted browncoats to tears with a single mention . The one-off book opens with three friends of Wash  full name : Hoban Washburne  pausing to remember him before christening a new ship -- The Jetwash -- in his honor . That setup serves as an excuse to flash back to three stories from Wash 's past , each showing a different side of his endearing personality . Diehard fans wo n't learn a whole lot about Wash that they did n't already know . And anyone hoping to see the entire Serenity crew back together will be disappointed . But Wash and surprise endings apparently go together . There 's a big one in the book 's final pages -- one that both offers a huge emotional payoff for "  Firefly " fans and will have them desperately hoping for more . Different from Whedon 's fully involved "  Buffy " series on Dark Horse , the occasional "  Serenity " books feel like brief visits with old friends . And "  Float Out " is a good one . The next visit is scheduled for November , when "  Serenity : The Shepherd 's Tale , " a look at the backstory of Shepherd Book , is due to be released .	New "  Serenity " comic focuses on fan favorite Wash "  Float Out " has a surprise ending that we wo n't spoil Next up for "  Serenity " : The Shepherd gets a story
CNN  -- Facebook is expanding its Gift feature to include plastic gift cards that carry balances for multiple stores and restaurants . The cards only work at four stores for now : Target , Jamba Juice , Sephora and The Olive Garden . So if you 've been wondering how to give your little sister a birthday gift that combines fruit smoothies , lip gloss and unlimited breadsticks , this product is for you . When you buy a card on the social network for a friend , they get a message informing them of the gift right away  great for scrambling at the last minute  . The cash amount is loaded on to a plastic card that is delivered in the mail , likely in some sort of paper envelope . The recipient can then take that physical card into a physical store and buy physical goods . For an Internet company , it 's all delightfully old fashioned . The cards will be rolling out gradually for Facebook users in the United States . Facebook is entering a crowded field and offers a couple of features to differentiate itself from other gift cards . The gift giver can choose which of the available stores to give money to -- say $ 5 to cover a drink at Jamba Juice and $ 20 for home goods at Target . The recipient can monitor the balances on their card from the Facebook app  but they ca n't move the money between vendors , no matter how much they would rather have mascara than pasta  . Any gift amounts they get in the future are automatically added to the same card . Facebook launched its Gifts feature in September for physical goods like chocolate , shirts , flowers and wine , as well as virtual items like donations to charity , Uber credit and Netflix subscriptions . It also offered gift cards for specific vendors such as Starbucks and iTunes . This new card is different because it will work at multiple retailers , is refillable and integrates with the Facebook app . Even though you can see your card 's balance on a smartphone , there are n't mobile payment options at the moment . Facebook cards are n't compatible with existing mobile payment technology like NFC , QR codes or barcodes that allow people to pay for goods with their mobile phone . For now the company is sticking with the traditional plastic rectangle and magnetic-strip technology that is most widely accepted across the United States . The new product falls somewhere between store-specific cards and bank-issued open gift cards that can be used almost anywhere credit cards are accepted . It also may create some privacy issues . In order to receive the card , the recipient will have to share their mailing address with Facebook , which might make some people uncomfortable . Gift cards are an easy workaround for people who do n't have enough time or personal knowledge to pick out a specific gift . Like cash , you know it will be useful and there 's no danger of getting people something they will hate . Choosing cards from specific vendors like a favorite coffee spot or clothing store can be slightly more personal than a Visa card to be used anywhere . With this card you can mix and match stores . Facebook has been experimenting with all kinds of money-making schemes in the past year , like paying to send messages to strangers . Most of the company 's revenue comes from advertising -- 84 % , according to the latest earnings report -- but it also makes some money off games and programs like Facebook Gifts . The social network says it has more than a billion active users , and that 's a largely untapped resource . A Facebook spokesperson said the company had nothing to share about how it will make money off the Card service . There are no fees for the gift giver or gift receiver , so Facebook is likely earning a percentage from the participating companies .	Facebook is adding gift cards to its Gifts service for users in the United States Initial offerings include Target , Jamba Juice , Sephora and the Olive Garden When you buy a card on the social network for a friend , a message tells them of the gift
CNN  -- Jeremy Lin , the benchwarmer-turned-star starting point guard for the New York Knicks , has powered his team to eight victories in nine games , and captured the imagination of people around the world . Who could resist this story ? It 's role model , underdog and the unconventional star all rolled into one . A young kid who no one thought could make it in the NBA relentlessly pursued his dream , even if this meant sitting at the end of the bench or being relegated to the farm team . Shuffled between NBA franchises , this Harvard graduate eventually got his chance on one of the biggest stages in professional sports -- Madison Square Garden -- and shined beyond imagination . The "  Linsanity " story , as it is known in New York , thrives because it shatters all stereotypes -- an Ivy Leaguer who can play in the NBA ; a scholar-athlete who is not just a token "  racial diversity " player in a predominantly African-American league ; a devout Christian , who puts God , family and team before himself in the "  all-about-me " world of professional sports ; an Asian-American in the NBA -- until Lin , virtually an oxymoron . In China today , Linsanity also reigns . You ca n't find a Jeremy Lin jersey on emptied store shelves  even fake ones  . There are millions of microblog posts about the New York phenomenon . Many editorialists have claimed Lin as the "  pride of Zhejiang "  Lin 's grandmother 's homeland in China  . Others in politically incorrect terms cite Lin as evidence that "  yellow-skinned " people can excel on the global sports stage if given the chance . Chinese state media extensively reported on "  Linsanity , " or "  Linfengkuang , " hailing Lin as the pride of China . Lin 's performance on the court unintentionally creates a bond between the United States and Chinese people . Can his layups and intricate passing also help to improve U.S.-China relations after leader-in-waiting Xi Jinping 's visit to the United States ? Probably not . First , Lin is a Taiwanese-American , born and raised in Palo Alto , California , which is a bit awkward for China . Some Chinese blog posts have taken shots at their own government by saying that had Lin grown up in China , he would have ended up as an illiterate and mediocre player for the People 's Liberation Army team , or by needling with the question , "  Why is the first Asian point guard in the NBA not a Chinese national ? " Second , the recent red carpet treatment of China 's likely new president , Xi , in the U.S. -- and the absence of any major agreements -- shows that the future of U.S.-China relations will be difficult . Whether it is the economy  demands for China to act as a stakeholder in global economic recovery and trade fairly  , security  demands for transparency on its military buildup  , global affairs  complaints about China 's veto of a U.N. resolution on Syria  , or society  demands for better human rights in China  , the U.S. list of complaints about China is long . Beijing is concerned that the new U.S. "  pivot " to Asia is window dressing for an effort to contain China . And the Chinese government is worried about pathological U.S. overspending  with skyrocketing debts borrowed from the Chinese  . Though they do n't say it in polite company , Beijing 's leaders see U.S. complaints as those of a declining power , looking to block China 's rise rather than finding ways to solve its own internal problems . And here perhaps is Linsanity 's most poignant lesson for U.S.-China relations : China treats well those who succeed , and it politely ignores all others . The recent full-armed embrace of Lin by the Chinese state media -- his Taiwan identity notwithstanding -- is not unlike China 's lauding of another Chinese athlete who struck gold on her own : female tennis star Li Na . This tattooed rebel broke from the Chinese state-backed tennis system in 2008 , seeking to choose her own coaches and tired of having 65 % of her winnings garnished by the government . Termed by the Chinese media as "  Fly Alone , " Li was an embarrassment to the Chinese government -- until she became the first Asian to win the French Open in 2011 . After that , Chinese state media praised her as "  the Empress of French tennis " and the "  pride of China . " What these sports stars teach us about politics is that complaining about China in hopes that it will kowtow to criticism is the wrong formula for U.S.-China relations . Competing and winning is the way to gain China 's respect and cooperation . Linsanity will not tell us any more than this about U.S.-China relations , which is fine . Let 's enjoy this fairytale story while it lasts -- hopefully for Knicks fans , through the NBA playoffs . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victor Cha .	Jeremy Lin 's success has been warmly embraced in China Victor Cha says his gains are n't likely to make a difference in relations between U.S. , China The relationship between the two nations is strained by many issues , he says Cha : Competing and winning is the best way for the U.S. to gain China 's cooperation
NASSAU , Bahamas  CNN  -- John Travolta testified Wednesday that would-be extortionists threatened to go the media with stories implying "  the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " John Travolta 's son died of a seizure in January at the age of 16 . Travolta testified for the second time in a case against paramedic Tarino Lightbourne and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater . The defendants are on trial , accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from Travolta after 16-year-old Jett Travolta died from a seizure in the Bahamas in January . Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , entered the downtown Nassau courthouse Wednesday morning surrounded by security personnel . The actor took the stand appearing nervous , and he took a long , deep breath before beginning his testimony . Travolta told the court a longtime employee of his became upset after learning someone was demanding money of the actor in the wake of his son 's death . The employee learned through the family attorney , Travolta said , that it was "  in regards to a paper I signed in the Bahamas . " In earlier testimony , one of Travolta 's lawyers , Allyson Maynard-Gibson , said Bridgewater approached her in the days after the January 2 death of Jett , saying she had a legal client who had a document Travolta might want . Bridgewater gave her copies of the papers , which included ambulance dispatch reports and a paper signed by Travolta releasing the ambulance company from legal liability , Maynard-Gibson testified . Watch In Session 's Ashleigh Banfield discuss case " The paramedic expected Travolta would pay millions to prevent publication of the documents because "  he would not want his name tarnished in media , " Maynard-Gibson said . Bridgewater told Travolta 's lawyer that her client believed the documents could suggest that Travolta was negligent by wanting to take his unresponsive son to his private jet for a flight to a Florida hospital , instead of going directly to a local hospital , she said . In testimony last week , Travolta said a nanny found Jett unresponsive at the home on the island of Grand Bahamas , where the family was spending their New Year 's holiday . Travolta said he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked . Travolta , who is a pilot , said he wanted to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in Freeport . The paramedic , however , asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified last week . Travolta said that while he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to divert to the hospital . At the hospital , Travolta was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . On Wednesday , Travolta testified that he learned of a demand for $ 25 million or "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press . " "  The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow , " Travolta said . An attorney representing Bridgewater and Lightbourne asked Travolta if the defendants ever contacted or threatened him directly . Travolta said they did not , that he heard specifics about the situation through his attorneys . Travolta 's testimony lasted only a short time . He was excused and is not expected to return to the witness stand . One of the actor 's attorneys , Michael McDermott , took the witness stand Wednesday afternoon and began testimony about a videotaped meeting between him and one of the defendants . The video is expected to be played Thursday for the jury .	Travolta in court : Defendants used papers to imply negligence in extortion attempt Travolta : I signed waiver while considering alternative to area hospital for son Defendants thought consideration of alternative would imply negligence , lawyer says Travolta says two attempted extortion after his son , Jett , died
CNN  -- More than 1,000 people are missing in the aftermath of a tropical storm that wreaked havoc across the southern Philippines last weekend , the country 's government said Friday , as it grappled with the mounting humanitarian crisis in the region . A total of 1,079 people remain unaccounted for , the Philippine National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said in a statement . Earlier in the week , the disaster council said it had lost count of the number of missing as it tried to assess the scale of the destruction . The death toll from Tropical Storm Washi , which set off landslides and flash floods that swept away whole villages , has risen to 1,080 , according to the council . The United Nations said Wednesday that the storm has created "  huge " humanitarian needs on the island of Mindanao , the scene of the worst devastation . It has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with the immediate problems in the area , with hundreds of thousands of people displaced in and around the port cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro . "  I was shocked by scale of destruction I saw , " David Carden , the head of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the Philippines told CNN on Thursday after visiting the region . He said it looked as if an "  inland tsunami had struck the area . " Around 675,000 people have been affected by the storm , the disaster council said Friday , with more than 300,000 of them being taken care of at evacuation centers at the moment . President Benigno Aquino of the Philippines has declared a state of national calamity following the storm . The disaster council said it estimated the cost of the damage caused by the storm at more than one billion Philippines pesos  $ 23 million  .	A total of 1,079 people remain unaccounted for after Tropical Storm Washi , the government says The death toll from the storm continues to rise , reaching 1,080 More than 300,000 people are being taken care of at evacuation centers The U.N. has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with ` huge ' humanitarian needs
CNN  -- Digital cameras are now as common and affordable to the average family as the Polaroid of the '60s . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . Best thing about 'em ? You do n't even have to take your film in to the corner drugstore to get developed -- because digital cameras do n't rely on film to make their pictures "  stick . " Thanks to technology , the entire process , from clicking the shutter to printing the pictures , is now entirely within the power of the consumer . Maybe you 've taken a picture that 's just not as perfect as you 'd like it to be . Instead of being at the mercy of a darkroom-shackled photo lackey to improve upon it , you 've got more tools than ever to take it upon yourself to edit , store , organize , and share your images with the world . Here 's a roundup of 10 free , and mostly free , online tools for the budding digital photographer : 1 . Picnik -- Summed up from the site : "  Picnik makes your photos fabulous with easy to use yet powerful editing tools . Tweak to your heart 's content , then get creative with oodles of effects , fonts , shapes , and frames . " If you already use Flickr for your photos  here 's what I do with mine  , you 're only a click away from taking a Picnik . That 's how I discovered it , and it 's worked fairly well for me to this point . 2 . Splashup -- Splashup "  is a powerful editing tool and photo manager . With all the features professionals use and novices want , it 's easy to use , works in real-time , and allows you to edit many images at once . " You 'd wonder how something this extensive could be free - and it all runs within the browser . 3 . FotoFlexer -- FotoFlexer bills itself as "  the world 's most advanced online image editor . " With it , you can edit photos from Photobucket , MySpace , Facebook , Flickr , Picasa , and "  more places . " I 'm not quite sure what "  more places " means , but last I checked , this does not include a phone booth . 4 . Pixlr -- "  Pixlr is a free online photo editor ; jump in and start : edit , adjust , filter . It 's just what you imagine ! " Alexa says it 's the "  fastest growing photo editor online . " If these resources are starting to look similar to your eye , remember you do n't have to use all of them - just pick the one that works best for your needs . 5 . flauntR -- flauntR is a suite that includes the ability to edit images , add effects , add text , and print the results on everything from mugs to posters . You might be overwhelmed with the options here , but ... is n't that better than being underwhelmed ? 6 . Photoshop Express -- Adobe 's Photoshop was really the first image editor of its kind to herald in the age of digital photography , though it was designed for professionals and its endless options could be daunting  and bank - breakingly expensive  for the layman . Now , Photoshop.com is on the Web to help that very same layman -- for free or plus levels of membership -- edit , store , and share his photos . Lots of helpful tutorials promise to guide the casual user through editing pickles . 7 . PiZap -- PiZap 's tagline is "  fun with photos made easy . " It 's another flavor of photo editor/storage center that , like flauntR , allows you to print the results to mugs , bags , and t-shirts . PiZap invites developers to check out its API for more personalization options  which is usually a good thing  . 8 . Aviary -- Aviary lets you : "  edit images , create mind-blowing effects , design logos , find colors , collaborate , and more . All you need is a Web browser . " This particular brand looks to be the one to beat , as they have several different tools in development . I 'm guessing that within five years , this one is going to be at the top of every person 's list of Web-based image editors . 9 . DrPic -- DrPic says it 's "  the easiest free online picture editor " and that it has "  processed over five million pictures . " I say they 're easy enough , but not necessarily THE easiest . Everything 's relative , no ? 10 . Cameroid -- Cameroid lets you "  take crazy  or not  snaps with your webcam straight from your browser . " I featured this one in a CNN.com live video a while ago , and it certainly deserves to be mentioned again . If you 're looking for something else to do with your webcam , give it a cameroid  which is n't as painful as it might sound  . As you can see , there are plenty of options for photo editing , storing , and sharing out there . Some are going to fit your personal workflow more neatly than others , so it 's worth it to try a few and see what works best for your needs . Or maybe you swear by something that I totally missed ? Do n't be a miser - share it with the rest of the class ! We 'd love to know about it .	Tech enthusiast Chris Pirillo suggests 10 free online digital photographry tools Photographers today have more tools than ever to edit , organize and share images FotoFlexer bills itself as "  the world 's most advanced online image editor " Cameroid lets you "  take crazy snaps with your webcam straight from your browser "
CNN  -- A little over ten years ago the coral reefs of Pemuteran Bay in Bali , Indonesia , were in a state of terminal decay . Fishing with dynamite and cyanide , untreated sewage and rising water temperatures had all pushed the reefs , and life they supported , close to the limit . "  Tourist numbers fell due to destruction of dive and snorkeling sites  while  fishermen had to go further and fish longer for less catch . Hunger was a real threat , " says Narayana Randall Dodge , project manager of the Pemuteran Coral Regeneration project . The fact that the reef also acted as a natural flood barrier increased the town 's exposure to coastal erosion from rising sea levels , he adds . Today however , Pemuteran Bay 's coral reefs are once again teeming with life thanks to Biorock -- an electrically-powered coral reef growing scheme . Coral is placed on underwater electrified steel frames that are connected to a power source on land . The electrification speeds up a process called "  mineral accretion " that helps damaged corals grow and repair themselves . "  Living corals are carefully collected and transplanted onto the structures by attaching with wires or wedged between  electric  steel bars , " says Narayana The project has been so successful that not only has it preserved the reef and surrounding marine ecosystem but it has also become a tourist attraction in its own right , says Narayana . Despite the success of the Pemuteran Bay project , Biorock technology -- first discovered by German-born architect , Wolf Hilbertz , in the 1970s -- is it still only used on a small scale . Although now present in over 20 countries , the largest Biorock scheme is in Pemuteran Bay and only covers around 500 meters . This constitutes a drop in the ocean when compared to the 109,800 square miles of coral reef that the United Nations Environment Program estimates to exist , 75 % of which is believed to be under threat according to the World Resources Institute . Read more about the threat to coral reef diversity But according to Thomas Goreau , head of the U.S. based non-profit , the Global Coral Reef Alliance , Biorock is more efficient than any other form of reef regeneration and will become a particularly effective defense against rising sea levels in years to come . "  We have to run cables out into the sea and you can only go so far before you lose a lot of power , " says Goreau who works to encourage the implementation of Biorock technology in vulnerable ecosystems . The cables dictates how far out at sea the steel frames can be placed  only a few hundred meters  and therefore limits the area of coral reef that can be grown or repaired As the technology develops though , Goreau sees no reason why Biorock structures could n't stretch across hundreds of miles of shoreline or far out into the oceans , protecting vast coastal areas that are exposed to rising sea levels . The key to this prospect becoming a reality , he says , is the harnessing of renewable sources such as tidal and wave energy . "  There is a vast amount of energy in the ocean . It 's untapped and what it will allow us to do is generate our power on site , " says Goreau . "  This renewably powered technology is still in the pioneering stage but it will be far cheaper and far more effective when it becomes available . "	Coral reefs in Indonesia are being regrown on electrically powered steel frames The technology , known as Biorock , has helped maintain delicate marine ecosystems Biorock could soon be powered by renewable energy sources such as wave and solar power
CNN  -- The man who paved the way for Seve Ballesteros to become one of the greatest golfers in history , Ramon Sota , has died at the age of 74 . Sota was not just the uncle and mentor of Ballesteros but a pioneer of the Spanish game during the 1960s and 1970s . Born on April 23 , 1938 , in Pedrena , Sota was one of the first Spanish golfers to compete on the tour alongside the Miguel brothers , Angel and Sebastian . At the age of just 18 , Sota won the first of his four Spanish championships before going on to win several other tournaments . Sota triumphed at the Open de France in 1965 , the Dutch Open in 1966 and 1971 , the Open de Portugal in 1963 , 1969 and 1970 , the Italian Open in 1971 and the Spanish Open in 1963 . He also won the Brazilian Open in 1965 , while finishing sixth at the Masters at Augusta in the same year , which was the best result by a European player at the time . After retiring in 1972 , Sota helped coach Ballesteros to land five major victories during an illustrious career . Ballesteros , who died at the age of 54 in May 2011 , was the first European to win the U.S. Masters when he picked up the first of his two Green Jackets in 1980 . He also won three British Open titles under the guidance of Sota . Javier Ballesteros takes first steps to emulating legendary dad Seve Tributes poured in for Sota on Twitter with Spanish golfer Pablo Larrazabal leading the way . Larrazabal tweeted : "  Ramon Sota won the French Open in 1965 , 43 years before I did ... Good memories from those afternoons seating at the putting green in PedreÃ ± a listening many of those historys ... Ramon Sota , thanks for all . " There was also a tribute from the Royal Spanish Golf Federation on their official website . "  The members of the Royal Spanish Golf Federation would like to express their deepest condolences to family and friends , " the federation said in a statement . Sota 's son Jose Antonio says his father 's philosophy was "  work , fight , recovery " and "  he had a competitive spirit and knew how to recover from a bad day " .	Ramon Sota has passed away at the age of 74 One of the first Spanish players to taste success on the tour Retired in 1972 before coaching his nephew Seve Ballesteros to five major titles Tributes to Sota flood in from the golfing community
CNN  -- A strong 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck Sunday off the coast of Antarctica , prompting a warning that there was a "  small possibility " it could trigger a tsunami . The tremor was centered in waters south of South America 's southern tip , about 334 miles  539 kilometers  west of Coronation Island and 388 miles northeast of Palmer Station in Antarctica , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . It hit at 9:40 a.m. local time  8:40 a.m. ET  on Sunday , according to the federal agency , and had an estimated depth of 6.2 miles . Afterward , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center released a statement saying that there appears to be no threat of "  destructive widespread tsunami " because of the quake . But the agency did state "  there is a small possibility of a local or regional tsunami that could affect coasts located usually no more than a few hundred kilometers from the earthquake epicenter . "  Authorities in the region near the epicenter should be made aware of this possibility , " the warning center added .	The quake struck Sunday morning near Antarctica 's Shetland Islands The USGS reports it struck at a depth of 6.2 miles A U.S. agency warns there 's a "  small possibility of a ... regional tsunami "
CNN  -- We all know long haul travel stinks , but when we finally step off the plane and inhale those heady aromas of our destination , it somehow stinks a little less . Fragrances , apparently , help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations . With this in mind , the UK 's Heathrow Airport has installed a "  Scent Globe " to try to cheer up departing passengers with a squirt of the exotic smells awaiting them at their destinations . The globe , positioned in the newly opened Terminal 2 , offers whiffs representing five nations -- Brazil , China , Japan , South Africa and Thailand . "  These specially created scents will give passengers traveling through Terminal 2 an exclusive preview of destinations that only Heathrow connects to -LSB- from the UK -RSB- , " says Normand Boivin , the airport 's chief operating officer . So what do these countries smell like ? Design in Scent , the team behind Heathrow 's globe rely on complex odor infusions to bring them to life in a nasal-compatible form . ` Mystical temple incense ' South Africa 's fragrance "  captures the adventure of safari with notes of tribal incense , wild grass and musky animalics through the scent of Hyraceum . " Brazil "  embraces the scents of its rich rainforest fauna with a palette of coffee , tobacco and jasmine . " Japan "  is brought to life through cool , oceanic tones with a mix of seaweed and shell extracts , green tea and Ambergris , capturing the essence of small coastal villages so synonymous with the great Pacific Island . " China 's features "  mystical temple incense and subtle Osmanthus Fragrans flower " while Thailand 's uses "  an appetizing mix of lemongrass , ginger and coconut . " Leaving aside the fact that the true scent of intercontinental travel is actually a warm blend of stranger 's armpit infused with essence of brutally stewed airline food , pairing countries with odors is an entertaining idea . Above are a few we came up with . Feel free to share yours in the comments below .	Heathrow Airport installs "  Scent Globe " to give passengers a whiff of their destinations Smells help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations Thailand , Brazil , China and South Africa among nations represented in fragrant form
CNN  -- Omar Suleiman , whom former President Hosni Mubarak had appointed vice president shortly before his exit , announced Friday that he plans to enter the race to become Egypt 's next president . The former head of Egyptian intelligence recently said he did not plan to seek the presidency in the first election for the post since the revolution that led to Mubarak 's exit . But on Friday , as his supporters took to the streets urging him to run , Suleiman did an about-face and said he will now "  participate in the nominations , regardless of my previous statement about the difficulties and challenges . " "  I promise you , my brothers and sisters , to complete the goals of the revolution and provide security and stability to the Egyptian people , " he said in a written statement . Thousands of his backers gathered Friday in Cairo 's Abbasiya Square , where unknown assailants drove by and fired into the crowd , his campaign said . Shortly after reporting the attack , the state-run MENA news agency said 15 people were "  injured in clashes between Suleiman supporters  and  thugs . " Suleiman is no stranger to the Egyptian government , and has been closely tied to Mubarak -- the man whose resignation , under intense pressure , spurred the political upheaval that led to , among other things , this election . Leading opposition figure Mohamed ElBaradei has said that Suleiman and Mubarak are "  twins . " "  His loyalty to Mubarak seems rock solid , " a former U.S. ambassador wrote in 2007 in a classified U.S. diplomatic cable leaked to the website WikiLeaks . And he could become Egypt 's first president since Mubarak -- assuming he can collect 30,000 valid signatures by this weekend and beat out what is already a crowded field of candidates . More than 450 people have entered the race -- including Muslim Brotherhood candidate Khairat al-Shater ; former Egyptian Foreign Minister and Arab League Secretary-General Amre Moussa ; and Ayman Nour , an opposition leader jailed by Mubarak who was recently pardoned . The official three-week campaigning period starts April 30 . No candidate can spend more than 10 million Egyptian pounds  $ 1.65 million  ahead of the election , which starts May 23 . Suleiman is well-respected by the military , whose leaders have ostensibly ruled Egypt during these months of political transition , and has been credited with crushing an Islamic insurgency in the 1990s . Last year , then-U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Suleiman "  is someone that we know well and have worked closely with . " Mubarak named him Egypt 's vice president in late January 2011 , the first time anyone had held such a position since Mubarak came to power in 1981 . Less than two weeks later , Suleiman said that Mubarak had resigned and the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces would "  run the affairs of the country " -- ending his extensive government career , at least for the time being . Born in an impoverished area of southern Egypt in 1935 , Suleiman chose the military as a career and rose to the rank of lieutenant general , according to a Foreign Policy magazine biography . He trained in both the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War . He became head of the Egyptian General Intelligence Organization in 1993 , at a time when the Arab world 's most populous nation was wracked by terrorist attacks targeting tourists and essential infrastructure . Defense and security analysis company IHS Jane 's said that Suleiman 's ascension was helped by his interactions with the Israeli Mossad as well as the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency . Author Ron Suskind , whose 2006 book "  The One Percent Doctrine " focused on the post-9 / 11 counterterrorism policies of U.S. President George W. Bush 's administration , said that Suleiman wielded significant power , and flexed his muscles , behind the scenes . "  If someone knocks on your door and you disappear , Omar Suleiman is probably behind it , " Suskind told CNN last year . "  He is a feared man , and certainly not a man with any legitimacy when it comes to rule of law or any of the principles we prize in America . " Alaa Awad , a senior member of the Muslim Brotherhood , said it is conceivable that Suleiman "  was taking orders from Mubarak and ... that his experience as an intelligence official may come in handy by uplifting Egypt 's security . " But he added that "  any revolutionary logic can not accept that a vice president appointed by Mubarak becomes the nation 's next president . " "  The fact remains that he was from Mubarak 's inner circle , so it 's not acceptable under any circumstances , " Awad said . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's not acceptable " a Mubarak insider is president , a Muslim Brotherhood figure says NEW : 15 are hurt in an "  attack " on a pro-Suleiman crowd , state news reports Omar Suleiman says he 'll run for president of Egypt , reversing an earlier decision He served as intelligence chief and vice president under President Hosni Mubarak
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld West Virginia 's redrawn congressional districts , and officials hope to have the changes in place for the November vote . The justices said in an unsigned opinion on Tuesday that a divided three-judge federal district court panel had "  misapplied the standards for evaluating " challenges to voting maps drawn by the state legislature . The case was thrown back to the lower court , which is expected to approve the changes in time for Election Day . West Virginia officials indicated previously they would use the redrawn map if they prevailed in court . All states are required to redo their voting boundaries following the recently completed U.S. Census . There are about 30 court cases nationally dealing with similar challenges . The issue before the Supreme Court was whether population variances among West Virginia 's three congressional districts were enough to violate the law . Decades old Supreme Court precedent has solidified the "  one person , one vote " standard to ensure equal voting districts . Precedent also requires states to make a "  good faith effort " to achieve equality in voting districts , but that those districts need not be drawn with "  precise mathematical equality . " The lower court concluded last January that the redrawn districts did not provide equal representation among seats for the U.S. House . The state is represented by Republicans David McKinley and Shelley Moore Capito and Democrat Nick Rahall . The redrawn maps were used in May primaries . West Virginia 's plan was approved by large margins in the state Senate and the House of Delegates , then signed into law by Democratic Gov. Earl Tomblin . Commissioners in Jefferson County originally sued to block the state from carrying out its plan , saying other legislative proposals would better achieve lower population variances . West Virginia state officials told the Supreme Court in their appeal that crafting a new map would be time-consuming , expensive , and cause "  irreparable harm . " But the Supreme Court 's ruling signaled skepticism of the lower court 's insistence on "  zero variance " in population between the districts . The redistricting process is inevitably political and partisan to some extent as the majority party in the state legislature seeks to achieve a map that will maximize its voting strengths . The case is Tennant v. Jefferson County Commission  11-1184  .	U.S. Supreme Court decision overturned lower court ruling on redrawn voter map State officials said they would proceed with new map in time for November election Issue was whether population variances in U.S. House districts were enough to violate the law
CNN  Jerry Tarkanian , the legendary men 's basketball coach who won the 1990 national championship at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , and who was known to battle with the NCAA , died Wednesday in Las Vegas . He was 84 . UNLV confirmed on its website the passing of the former Runnin ' Rebels head coach . "  Coach Tark , my father , the greatest man I have ever known , passed today , to take his place in heaven , " son Danny Tarkanian tweeted Wednesday . "  I will miss him every day of my life . " Tarkanian had been hospitalized since Monday with respiratory problems and had been hospitalized three times in the last 10 months for various ailments , including two heart attacks , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . "  The UNLV community mourns the passing of Coach Jerry Tarkanian , and our condolences are with Jerry 's wife , Lois , and the Tarkanian family , " UNLV President Len Jessup said . "  Coach Tarkanian 's contribution to UNLV and Southern Nevada stretches far beyond the game of basketball . Many in Southern Nevada and around the nation were introduced to UNLV through Coach Tarkanian and the Runnin ' Rebels . He made Runnin ' Rebel basketball a brand name during his 19 years on campus , inspiring our community and creating a legacy that endures to this day . He will be deeply missed though fondly remembered as a college basketball icon and as one of the greats in our university 's history . " Tarkanian , known as "  Tark the Shark , " retired in 2002 after 38 seasons of coaching , including 31 in Division I . He coached UNLV from 1973-1992 , taking the Runnin ' Rebels to four Final Fours and won the national championship in 1990 -- a 103-73 win against Duke . The 30-point win set a record for margin of victory in the title game , a record that still stands . At UNLV , he won 11 regular-season conference championships , seven tournament championships and made 12 NCAA tournament appearances , including a stretch of nine consecutive years . After briefly coaching the NBA 's San Antonio Spurs in 1992 , Tarkanian coached at Fresno State , his alma mater , from 1995 until his retirement in 2002 . "  Jerry Tarkanian is one of the true legends in the coaching profession , " current Fresno State head men 's basketball coach Rodney Terry said . "  He was successful at so many different levels in college basketball . Coach Tarkanian welcomed me in from the first day I arrived in Fresno . He loved the Bulldogs and stayed connected with our program throughout the years . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife , Lois , and family during this extremely difficult time . " Tarkanian was n't afraid to go up against the NCAA . He was investigated several times in his career and once sued the NCAA in 1992 for trying to suspend him while at UNLV for violations found when Tarkanian was at Long Beach State . In 1998 , while he was with Fresno State , the NCAA reportedly settled with Tarkanian for $ 2.5 million . Tarkanian compiled a career record of 784-202 while at Long Beach State , UNLV and Fresno State . He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013 , the first UNLV coach or player to be enshrined . Tarkanian is survived by his wife , Lois ; four children ; and seven grandchildren . A campus memorial event is being planned , according to the UNLV website . People we lost in 2015	Jerry Tarkanian "  made Runnin ' Rebel basketball a brand name , " UNLV president says Tarkanian coached UNLV from 1973-1992 , retired in 2002 after 38 seasons of coaching UNLV won the 1990 national championship under legendary men 's basketball coach
CNN  -- The mayor of North Chicago placed the city 's police chief on leave and hired a retired officer to lead an investigation into six cases of alleged excessive use of force by police over the past 18 months . Police Chief Michael Newsome is on paid administrative leave , Mayor Leon Rockingham Jr. said Tuesday . "  I do think that is something that we do need to look into and make sure that things are being done properly in our police department , " Rockingham said . "  There 's a lot of things that have come to light that I think does warrant us to take a second look . " In addition , the gender and race of the people involved in the incidents will be investigated , and reporting requirements will be tightened , he said . "  I think that we , as the city of North Chicago , do need to make sure that the residents and people who are coming into our community are being handled properly , " he said . But Rockingham expressed confidence in police , whose job is to maintain order among the 36,000 residents of North Chicago , where the average income was $ 17,685 , according to the 2010 Census . "  I will say , if there 's anyone we find that is not doing what they should be doing , we will do disciplinary actions to those officers , " he said . "  But I think , all in all , if you look at our department , we have a fine police force . " Over the past four years , the department has been involved in some 88 use-of-force incidents , the mayor said . Asked how many of them were investigated at the time they occurred , Rockingham said that will be part of the newly announced investigation , which is to be completed by February 1 . Rockingham said the six cases came to light after publicity surrounding the November case of Darrin Hanna , who died days after police allegedly beat him and used a Taser on him during a domestic abuse call to his house . "  I 'm a mother who lost her son by a beating , " his mother , Gloria Carr , told reporters recently . Lawyer Kevin O'Connor is representing Hanna 's family and three other alleged victims in the cases under investigation . O'Connor said the North Chicago Police Department has a problem with a group of officers that have repeatedly beat people . "  I think there are very good officers on the force , but it looks like the problem is in the night shift that is not very well supervised , " said O'Connor . "  There is about 10 that call themselves a gang . We have heard stories that they handcuff people and tell them they have a time period to run before they are beaten . So basically they are making them run , so that they can get a chance to beat them up . " O'Connor said his law firm has heard from more than 30 people who plan to come forward and tell their story about abuse from local police . "  They were scared before , but now they want to tell their stories , " O'Connor said . "  I am glad the mayor did this . This is the first step . But why did it take someone dying before someone finally did something ? " In a case that occurred last October , Christopher Harper , 31 , of Waukegan , said he was preparing to leave his job as a bouncer at a North Chicago bar when a policeman pulled up shortly before midnight . The radio in Harper 's Dodge Magnum was cranked , which apparently bothered the policeman , Harper said . "  He told me he was towing the car for loud music , " Harper said . Harper said he took his house keys out of his car 's ignition and was walking away from the policeman toward the bar when he was struck repeatedly by electroshocks . "  He just Tased me in my back for no reason and kept doing it . I did n't understand that . " The officer fired a Taser at least six times into his back , he said . "  I ran 'til I could n't take no more of the shockage , and then I just fell out . I was asking him why was he Tasing me . " At least two of the Taser strikes hit him while he was on the ground , he said . The officer then took Harper to jail , where he was charged with resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer , which he denies . "  I never touched him , so I do n't know where that came from . Not at all . I could n't . " The next day , after he was released , Harper drove himself to a hospital for treatment of burns and bruises on his back . He said he stayed out of work for two weeks , had to pay $ 600 to get his car back and has not yet determined what he owes the hospital . Harper said he has not filed a complaint but has contacted a lawyer about his treatment by the police . "  They are just losing their minds for some reason , " he said . In another incident , a police video was played at a city council meeting last month that appeared to show an officer punching a detainee in the head and putting him in a choke hold . A woman who answered the telephone Tuesday night at the police department said no one was available to talk to the news media .	North Chicago 's police chief is on paid administrative leave , the mayor says Mayor orders investigation into six cases of alleged excessive use of force "  Why did it take someone dying before someone finally did something ? " attorney asks
CNN  -- Miami Heat forward LeBron James is the NBA 's 2011-2012 Most Valuable Player . The league announced Saturday that James is the winner of the Maurice Podoloff Trophy for the third time . He is the first player since Michael Jordan to win at least three MVP titles . James totaled 1,074 points including 85 first-place votes , from ballots cast by a panel of sportswriters and broadcasters , as well as fan votes . James , 27 , beat out Oklahoma City 's Kevin Durant  889 points  and the Los Angeles Clippers ' Chris Paul  385 points  . The Los Angeles Lakers ' Kobe Bryant  352 points  and San Antonio 's Tony Parker  331 points  , rounded out the top five vote-getters . The Heat finished the season with a 46-20 record and on Sunday and the team will open its conference semifinals match-up against Indiana . James led the NBA in plus-minus score differential and ranked third in scoring . On his team , he led the way in assists and tied for the lead in rebounds . At a news conference Saturday , James called his teammates to join him on the stage and said his individual award was the result of a team effort . Despite joining an elite group of NBA players who have been named MVP three times , James said his real goal is to win a championship . "  I would give all three of them back for an NBA championship , " he said . Kia sponsors the MVP trophy .	It is his third MVP title He credits his teammates for the honor James says the award he really wants is a championship
CNN  -- Alleged Boston crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger may have authored two memoirs , one of which was titled "  My Life in the Irish Mafia , " according to court documents . It is not clear whether the notorious fugitive , who evaded authorities for 16 years , actually wrote the memoir , but prosecutors say it is part of their investigation . The manuscript was seized at a South Boston home on January 5 , 1995 , the same day a warrant was issued for Bulger 's arrest on racketeering charges . The alleged gangster also apparently penned a separate autobiography that was found by authorities at Bulger 's Santa Monica , California , apartment after his arrest there , courts documents say . Bulger , 82 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him , including 19 murder counts . Once one of the FBI 's 10 most wanted fugitives , he is currently being held without bail and faces an impending racketeering indictment after authorities tracked him down in June 2011 at his California home . Bulger was arrested after being lured out of his apartment with an FBI ruse : He apparently received a phone call and was told his lock box , located in the basement parking lot of his building , had been broken into . When Bulger went down to check , FBI agents arrested him . His alleged barbarity as an Irish-American mobster in Boston inspired the Jack Nicholson character in Martin Scorsese 's 2006 film "  The Departed . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Jack Maddox contributed to this report	James "  Whitey " Bulger may have inked two memoirs One of the memoirs is called "  My Life in the Irish Mafia , " prosecutors say A separate autobiography was found at his California apartment Bulger , 82 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges against him , including 19 murder counts
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The identity and nationality of an alleged al Qaeda operative arrested in Pakistan remained shrouded in mystery and conflicting information Monday , a day after Pakistani officials said one of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists was in custody . A Pakistani military official said Monday that the man arrested is a foreign operative linked to al Qaeda . The official did not specifically describe the man as American and gave no further details . On Sunday , a senior Pakistani government official said that Adam Gadahn , a U.S.-born spokesman for al Qaeda , had been arrested . A second senior Pakistani government official later confirmed Gadahn 's arrest . But a U.S. intelligence official said there appeared to be no validity to the reports that Gadahn was in custody . Other U.S. officials also said they had no indication Gadahn had been captured . U.S. counterterrorism officials said Monday they had received no indication from Pakistan that any American had been arrested . One official said there was "  no validity " to reports that Gadahn was arrested . Another called the reports "  bogus . " News reports Monday cited Pakistani officials as saying that a different man , believed to be an American member of al Qaeda , had been arrested . But U.S. counterterrorism officials said the United States has not heard of the person , who was identified in some reports as Abu Yahya Mujahdeen al-Adam , an American born in Pennsylvania . One official said the reports coming out of Pakistan were a "  real head scratcher . " Rick Snelsire , a spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Pakistan , said Monday that the embassy had not received any information about an American being detained by Pakistani security forces . Gadahn , 31 , also known as Azzam the American , was indicted on charges of treason and providing material support to terrorists in 2006 . The U.S. government has offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his capture . He is the first American charged with treason since 1952 . Reports of an arrest Sunday came hours after Islamist Web sites posted video of Gadahn praising a November massacre at Fort Hood , Texas . On the video , Gadahn said the Army major charged with gunning down 13 people "  lit a path " for other Muslim service members to follow . Authorities have targeted several key Islamist figures in Karachi -- the heavily populated port city and financial capital of Pakistan that , for some time , has functioned as a hideout for Taliban and al Qaeda sympathizers . A city of 13 million -- with some estimates saying there are 100,000 new arrivals a month -- Karachi has seen an influx of Pashtuns from the tribal border region with Afghanistan . Many fled there during fighting and Pakistani military offensives in the Northwest Frontier Province and Waziristan , making Karachi a comfortable place for the Taliban to blend in and count on a network of supporters . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nic Robertson and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	On Monday , Pakistani military official said foreign operative linked to al Qaeda arrested Official did n't describe man as American , gave no further details On Sunday , officials from Pakistan government said Adam Gadahn had been arrested U.S. officials : Reports that Gadahn is in custody do n't seem valid , are a "  real head scratcher "
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- A second person survived a massacre in which 72 migrants from Central and South America were killed last week in northern Mexico , Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and Mexican officials said . A man from Ecuador was previously thought to be the only survivor . That man , identified as Luis Freddy Lala Pomavilla , said someone else also lived through the mass shooting , Correa said at a news conference late Tuesday night upon his return to Ecuador from a trip to Haiti . Correa did not provide details other than to say the second survivor came from Honduras . "  We do n't want to put him in danger , " Correa said . Viviana Macias , a spokeswoman for the Mexican attorney general 's office , confirmed Wednesday that a second person had survived the attack . The attorney general 's office said authorities had not revealed news of the second survivor in order to protect the person 's safety . For the same reason , officials said Wednesday , they will not reveal the person 's identity . The attorney general 's office said in a release Wednesday afternoon that the survivor is being held and protected as a witness and has given officials "  relevant information to identify those presumed to be responsible . " The agency has been in touch with authorities in Honduras , the release said . Lala Pomavilla , the Ecuadorian survivor , was returned to his homeland late Sunday . The young man was wounded in the attack and said he survived by playing dead . He later walked several miles to a military roadblock near the town of San Fernando in Tamaulipas state , less than 100 miles from the U.S. border . Officials are investigating whether members of the Zetas drug cartel were responsible for the deaths . The bodies of the 72 victims are being returned to their homelands , which include Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras and Brazil . Mexican officials returned the remains of 16 migrants to Honduras on Wednesday . A live broadcast on CNN affiliate Televicentro showed six-man honor guards wheeling the bodies one by one off a transport aircraft . Bereaved relatives and friends cried and held each other as the gray caskets glided by slowly , guided solemnly by soldiers in dress uniforms and red-plumed hats . The caskets , each adorned with a bouquet of flowers on top , were placed under a large tent on the tarmac at the air force airport in Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras . "  Repatriation , " said the Televicentro banner imposed over the bottom of the TV image . "  What started as a search for the American dream ended in a mortal nightmare . " After the 16 caskets were gathered in the tent , a Roman Catholic priest prayed over them . "  Do n't lose your faith in God , " he told those gathered there before he sprinkled holy water on each of the caskets . Honduran President Porfirio Lobo also addressed the crowd , merely reading the names of the 16 victims before walking back to his spot in a line of dignitaries . Some family members were brought up to have a word with Lobo , who hugged them and spoke quietly with them . The caskets were released to the families after the ceremony , and at one point Lobo went to where a man with a gray New York Yankees cap was sobbing as he leaned on a coffin . Lobo patted the man on the shoulder and reached out to a woman standing next to him . The victims will be taken to their hometowns for burial . CNN 's Jose Antonio Flores , Krupskaia Alis and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	The second survivor is a migrant from Honduras , officials say The only previously known survivor was from Ecuador That survivor said someone else also had lived , the Ecuadorian president said The bodies of 16 victims were returned to Honduras on Wednesday , Mexico said
CNN  -- Taliban advances in Pakistan are raising concerns in Islamabad and capitals as far away as Washington . CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson looks at how the Taliban spread and what could be done to help Pakistan . Students in burqas in Buner district How is the Taliban extending its influence in Pakistan ? It has extended its influence considerably over the last few years moving northwards along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , from South Waziristan to North Waziristan to Bajur and across now to Swat and Buner . But the Taliban has also extended its influence because it is now involved with several Punjab terrorist groups that have affiliated themselves with the border Taliban and have helped commit some attacks such as one on a police station in Lahore . The Pakistan government has been cutting deals with the different elements that were Taliban or became Taliban since 2004-2005 . Those deals have enabled the Taliban to extend themselves . Is Pakistan going to fall or fail ? The overall answer to that is no . But the Taliban is further destabilizing an incredibly unstable situation . There is a weak government that faces challenges , not only from the Taliban but also from almost every political party in the country . It faces challenges from across the border with its old enemy India , which means a large percentage of the Pakistan army is tied up on that border rather than fighting terrorism . The Taliban is not going to take Islamabad , but its attacks and advances are going to weaken an already unstable government and make an already dangerous situation even more volatile ... and that will mean the Taliban will be able to wield more influence in the future than they do today . What options are open to the Pakistan government and other countries ? Pakistan could form a broad-based government of national unity and appeal for more international support in terms of encouraging financial aid and having trade restrictions lifted so they can improve the economy . The international community could help Pakistan resolve issues with India . It would help the economy and help the government focus on its own internal problems and better influence the situation in Afghanistan . What the Pakistan government would also need to do is convince its people that outside support and help is in their best interests to deal with terrorism and stabilize the country . To do that the government would also have to win the support of its large Pashtun minority , from whom the Taliban draws a lot of its support ... and that is difficult particularly as the U.S. -- which would need to be a principle supporter of Pakistan -- continues to bomb targets in Pashtun areas leading to civilian casualties .	Taliban influences in Pakistan has developed over years Pakistan government weak and could be weakened further Pakistan has options to deal with Taliban , but they come with problems
Hernando , Mississippi  CNN  -- The "  Reward " sign being nailed above the convenience store counter takes on a little more meaning here in Desoto County , Mississippi . At the Old Road Store , it 's personal . In 1992 , this is where Joseph Ozment , the man whose photo is on the reward poster , gunned down a store clerk . He was sent to prison for life , and no one imagined they 'd hear from him again . In this small town , south of Memphis , Tennessee , his picture is back up and people are wondering how someone who committed such a brutal crime could be pardoned by their former Gov. Haley Barbour -- and law enforcement authorities ca n't seem to find Ozment . "  It 's just an every minute , constant , in the back of your mind , where is he , what is he doing ? " said Mary McAbee , the sister of Rick Montgomery , the store clerk shot to death by Ozment . "  I 'm fearful . He 's a cold-blooded murderer to do what he 's done and if he thinks that he may go back to prison , what 's he got to lose ? " she said . Mississippi authorities are looking for Ozment . He received one of more than 200 pardons issued by Barbour during his final days in office . Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood is challenging the validity of the pardons . He said Ozment and three other murderers did not meet the constitutional requirements to be granted a pardon , and he wants to see the men put back in jail to finish their life sentences . A Jackson , Mississippi , judge will hear the case next week . In the meantime , she has issued subpoenas , commanding all the men to appear in court , but Ozment has yet to be found to be served his subpoena . He was picked up by his mother on January 8 from the governor 's mansion , where he was a trusty , serving his time . He has n't been seen since . "  He 's avoiding service . His mother knows it . All of his relatives know , " Hood said . "  We 've been to all of their houses knocking on doors . I know he 's gotten the word and he 's trying to run and avoid service , " Hood said . Hood has announced that a reward is being offered for anyone who can help locate Ozment . Police ca n't arrest him because he has been pardoned , and he has committed no new crimes . If he does not comply with a subpoena , a judge has the authority to hold him in contempt , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities said they believe Ozment may be in northern Mississippi . One of the men who worked the murder case in the early 1990s said the latest developments are incredibly troubling . "  Ozment already proved he ca n't live in our society , by our rules , " said John Champion . "  He committed the ultimate act by taking somebody 's life , so , no , he should never be out , " he said . Champion was a young assistant district attorney working his very first case in the office . Today , he is the district attorney . He was there in court when Ozment pleaded guilty to murder in the case and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . According to a transcript of Ozment 's confession to police , Ozment admitted being part of a robbery so he could have "  Christmas money . " He entered the convenience store with a friend who shot the clerk , Montgomery , three times . Montgomery crawled from around the counter and Ozment looked at him and shot him twice . "  I did n't want him to identify me or the other guy , so I shot him twice . ... I shot him in the head , " Ozment said in the police confession . Ozment said his share in the robbery was "  between 50 and 60 dollars . " "  When he was shot , and he fell to the ground , they said he was begging for help . ... You ca n't imagine how that feels , " said McAbee , Montgomery 's sister , as she began to cry . "  And then for him to shoot him in the head ... to know that he was all alone . That 's the worst feeling , to know that you ca n't help someone that you love , " she said . Champion said he remembers the day well . He said he passes the convenience store every day on his way to work and remembers the brutality and cold-bloodedness of the crime . He said he never dreamed he 'd see the day that Joseph Ozment walked free . "  All of the healing that 's done over the last 18 years is all for naught . And all of the work that we did , all of the work that law enforcement did on this case , is all for naught . Why were we there ? " he asked about Barbour 's pardon . Barbour has defended his pardons . On Friday , he appeared live on CNN 's "  John King USA . " He told King that Ozment and the others have been rehabilitated . "  He has no obligation to do anything . He 's been pardoned . He 's a free man , " said Barbour . But that 's not the kind of thing a sister who lost a brother wants to hear . "  Its just the pain that we have to live with every day and now we 're doing it all over again , " she said . Kind of like the reward poster . No one ever dreamed they 'd need one again .	Reward offered for information leading to Joseph Ozment Outgoing Mississippi governor pardoned Ozment , more than 200 others Ozment is free , but is sought to appear at a civil hearing on the pardons
CNN  -- Authorities in Chandler , Arizona , said they believe the gunman who held hostages at a restaurant is the same man who fled into a mall after opening fire on members of a crime task force . The man who surrendered at the Baja Fresh restaurant is not the federal fugitive that U.S. marshals thought they might have spotted earlier outside the Chandler Fashion Center , said Chandler Police Sgt. Joe Favazzo . After a thorough police sweep , the mall reopened later Wednesday , Chandler Detective David Ramer told CNN . "  We believe there is only one suspect here , " Favazzo said . A woman who fled the restaurant , which is near the mall , told CNN she witnessed the man being taken into custody . Police identified the suspect as Adam Hernandez . Baja Fresh customer Leyda Schultz told CNN that a gunman held at least two employees after ordering customers to leave . Schultz said she witnessed the man being taken into custody shortly before 2 p.m. Favazzo said it was not clear whether the two were patrons or employees . The gunman apparently fired warning shots at the restaurant . Marshals and other members of a task force had confronted a suspect outside the Sears store on the west side of Chandler Fashion Center , said Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Robert Bailey . The suspect opened fire , and officers returned it , Bailey said . The suspect was being sought in an armed robbery , Chandler police said . The suspect entered the Sears , and the mall was evacuated and surrounded , Bailey said . A hostage situation was reported about 12:30 p.m. at the nearby Baja Fresh , he said . Favazzo said officers lost sight of the suspect in the mall . Marshals earlier Wednesday said the suspect seen at the mall may be fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez , who was mistakenly released last month . Marshals were trailing a vehicle known to be driven in the past by Perez , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . Perez is being sought for aggravated assault for allegedly shooting at a police officer in December , authorities said . According to U.S. Marshal David Gonzales , Perez was released from the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office on December 16 . The U.S. Marshals Service has been looking for him since . Perez is accused of shooting at Arizona Department of Public Safety officers December 11 outside a home in Casa Grande , according to KPHO . Perez , 25 , was injured by gunfire in the shootout with the public safety officers , according to KPHO . He was admitted to a Phoenix hospital and was later held in another county 's jail before being turned over to Pinal County , KPHO said . But the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office said it never received the charging paperwork for Perez , and he bonded out on an misdemeanor warrant . The bond was $ 320 , KPHO said ,	NEW : Chandler Fashion Center reopens after police sweep NEW : Police identify suspect in hostage-taking incident as Adam Hernandez Authorities believe restaurant gunman , man who fled to mall are same person Suspect not federal fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez as previously thought , police say
CNN  They 're not rich and famous -- they 're just regular people -- but that did n't stop them from being extraordinary . The following five people transformed into heroes in 2013 after they made some selfless and inspirational split-second decisions . Meet them Thursday during an hour-long special airing at 10 p.m. ET on CNN . Anderson Cooper and HLN 's Robin Meade will ask these extraordinary people what motivated them to take action when they were thrust in the middle of some of this year 's biggest stories : LaDonna Cobb She put herself in harm 's way to save students during tornado . The teacher 's assistant had taken off work on the afternoon of May 20 , 2013 , to close on a new home with her husband . But that would have to wait . The couple found themselves rushing back to Briarwood Elementary in Moore , Oklahoma , to pick up their three daughters because a tornado alert had been issued for the area . LaDonna knew she had to stay and help , even though her husband begged her to leave . She physically positioned herself over the kids as the tornado tore apart the school . "  Safety  does n't really cross my mind , " LaDonna said . "  At that point , I just wanted to put whatever I could between whatever was going to happen and those babies . " Zach Sobiech He used music to find peace and purpose during his suffering . Zach Sobiech may have lost his battle with cancer last May , but his music and his message of hope continue to make an impact in the world today . Sobiech wrote a beautiful song called "  Clouds " that went viral this year and topped the charts . All proceeds from the song 's sale go to a fund that supports cancer research , which Sobiech created before he died . "  Joy and suffering can go hand in hand , " said Zach 's mom , Laura Sobiech . "  He chose to be happy . He chose that and he fought for it every day . " Antoinette Tuff She managed to calm -- and disarm -- a gunman . The school bookkeeper found herself face to face with an AK-47 on August 20 , 2013 . A locked security door should have kept suspect Michael Brandon Hill out of Ronald McNair Discovery Center in suburban Atlanta , Georgia . But the 20-year-old reportedly made his way into the school by following a parent through the front door . Tuff said she was meant to be in the front office with Hill that day and that she was armed with her own weapon -- faith . She used her past experiences to connect with the troubled man and worked as a mediator between him and police . "  I was terrified on the inside but I know that if I kept him there with me , there 's a likelihood no one would get hurt , " Tuff said . Carlos Arredondo He saved a gravely wounded victim of the Boston bombing . He did n't know it at the time , but Carlos Arredondo would end up helping save a man who would go on to identify one of the suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing . Arredondo , once a volunteer firefighter in Costa Rica , was at the race 's finish line , passing out American flags and advocating for the needs of military vets and suicide prevention . When he heard the second blast go off on April 15 , 2013 , Arredondo rushed toward the chaos to offer his help . He fashioned a tourniquet for a man named Jeff Bauman , who had lost both of his legs . Arredondo also rushed Bauman to an ambulance in a wheelchair . "  He does a lot of simple acts of kindness whenever the opportunity presents itself , " said Arredondo 's wife , Mélida . "  It 's his nature . " Sergio Consuegra He calmed the chaos of a pack of angry bikers . A badly beaten SUV driver had just come face to face with an angry pack of bikers when Consuegra decided to step in between them . The bikers had swarmed the SUV once before , right after the driver bumped into one of them . The driver , who had his family in tow , sped away from that escalating scene and plowed over another biker , who was critically injured . When the SUV later came to a stop , the situation descended into chaos . Consuegra , a father of 10 who was on his way to church , managed to diffuse tensions , risking his own life to save others . "  I felt like God wanted me to be there that day , " said Consuegra .	An hour-long CNN special looks at five extraordinary people For some , their actions in the midst of chaos and crises saved lives For one , he touched other lives with his music in the midst of his suffering
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier who survived a shooting this month at a Little Rock , Arkansas , recruitment center said Tuesday that he plans to stay in the Army , and he expressed gratitude for all the military has done for him and his family . Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula says he hopes to eventually become a drill sergeant . "  I like defending this country , " said Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 . He said he was shot in his back and grazed on his head and "  my rear " in the shooting June 1 . Another soldier , Pvt. William Long , 23 , of Conway , Arkansas , was killed . Authorities said the two were standing outside the recruitment center smoking when Abdulhakim Muhammad , 23 , pulled up and opened fire . Muhammad is charged with one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act , charges stemming from shots fired at an occupied building . Muhammad , a native of Memphis , Tennessee , and a Muslim convert , told authorities that he was "  mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past , " Little Rock homicide detective Tommy Hudson said in a police report . Ezeagwula , of Jacksonville , Arkansas , said he was still a little sore but "  doing fine . " Appearing in uniform , he had little to say but added "  sir " or "  ma'am " when responding to reporters ' questions at a news conference . Watch Ezeagwula talk about the incident " A recruiting commander who was with him said Ezeagwula could not comment on whether he is back home or comment at length on the shooting itself because of the ongoing court case . Ezeagwula 's mother , Sonja Ezeagwula , said that when officials called to tell her about the shooting , "  I thought they were calling about my other son showing out at school . " "  I feel very good about him staying in the Army and wanting to represent the United States , " she said . "  I think that 's a wonderful thing , because most people would feel bitter or angry , but he 's not . He does n't feel that way , and I 'm glad . " "  He said , ` Mama , they say I 'm a hero . You believe that ? ' " Sonja Ezeagwula said . "  I said , yeah . ... He was a hero before he got shot . He was our family hero . " She said her son stayed away from gangs and drugs as a youth and was doing something positive . "  He was supposed to have been a statistic from a dysfunctional family . Look what happened . " Ezeagwula and Long were part of a recruiting program called "  hometown recruiting assistance , " under which soldiers tell their stories to potential recruits . Ezeagwula had not been deployed but was headed for Scofield Barracks near Honolulu , Hawaii , the recruiting commander said . Although his departure was delayed , he will still go there , the commander said . Ezeagwula said he joined the Army because "  I just want to help my family out . I thought it was a good way , and then when I got in it , I actually learned to love the Army . " He said he is a construction machinery operator but hopes to eventually become a sergeant and then a drill sergeant . He said he was participating in the recruitment program because he wanted to show his peers that there is more out there beyond Arkansas and that the Army is a good way to see it . He said Long 's family "  welcomed me with open arms " and has been supportive . And he expressed thanks to well-wishers and those who have offered prayers : "  I really appreciate what they have done for my family and Pvt. Long 's family . " "  The Long family , those are some superb people . Extra-special people , " Sonja Ezeagwula said . "  I just thank God . Every day , I thank God . " She said she was amazed by the outpouring of support after the shooting . "  I 'm just overwhelmed with how much love Americans have for this country . I really am . And I 'm glad I got a chance to see it . " She said her family is Christian , "  and we believe when something happens , God will turn it around , " and good will come of it . Asked her feelings about Muhammad , Sonja Ezeagwula said she had no ill feelings toward him but said that she hopes justice is served and that the outcome for him , whatever it may be , is fair . Ezeagwula laughed when asked what runs through his head before he goes to sleep at night . "  I really do n't know , sir , " he said . "  A lot of things run through my mind at night . I 'm still me . I really ca n't pay attention to that kind of stuff . " Ezeagwula said he had known Long for "  almost two weeks . He was a very nice person . " Standing outside the center before the shooting , he said , the two were discussing their trips away from Arkansas . Long said he had been to Georgia , and Ezeagwula had just returned from Missouri . When a reporter asked him whether he would quit smoking now , Ezeagwula did n't answer , but his mother said , "  Yes , " adding that he had told her he stopped before the shooting . "  See how God will reveal it to you ? " she said .	Two privates were shot outside recruiting center last week ; one died Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula says thanks to those who have offered support He is still scheduled to be sent to Scofield Barracks in Hawaii Mother says she hopes shooting suspect 's trial is a fair one
Washington  CNN  -- Some foreign students who enroll and graduate from U.S. flight schools are in the U.S. illegally , despite extensive post-9 / 11 efforts to vet student pilots , congressional investigators said Wednesday . Stephen Lord , an investigative chief with the Government Accountability Office , declined to say how many student pilots he found to be wrongly in the country , saying that the Transportation Security Administration had deemed the number to be "  sensitive security information . " But , he said , his study showed "  weaknesses " in the TSA 's vetting process that need to be fixed . The holes are "  extremely disturbing , " House Homeland Security subcommittee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers said . "  It 's completely unacceptable that a decade after 9/11 GAO has uncovered weaknesses in our security controls that were supposed to be fixed a decade ago , " Rogers said . Several of the terrorists who carried out the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , including leader Mohammed Atta , trained at U.S. flight schools before conducting their attack , and government leaders vowed to prevent such a mistake from happening again . For illegal immigrant graduates , a ` leap of faith ' answered Today , the TSA vets foreign student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts fingerprint-based criminal background checks , but it does not vet them against immigration databases , the GAO lead investigator said . Lord said his group downloaded an FAA database of pilots and compared it to TSA 's database of student pilots who had completed background checks . "  In a perfect world , the two databases would match , " Lord said . "  But we were surprised to find that some ... of the foreign nationals holding pilots ' licenses were not in the TSA 's databases , indicating that some foreign nationals had not been vetted before receiving flight training , and ultimately receiving pilots ' licenses . " The hole first came to public light in 2010 when local police stopped the owner of a Massachusetts flight school for a traffic violation and discovered he was in the country illegally . Federal immigration officials investigated and found that 25 of the foreign nationals at the school had been vetted by the TSA and had been approved to begin flight training . But further investigation revealed that eight of the students had entered the country illegally and 17 had overstayed their visas . Kerwin Wilson , the TSA 's general manager for general aviation , said the TSA is taking steps to address the matter . "  We do have a plan in place . We 're working very closely with ICE  Immigration and Customs Enforcement  in terms of automating the process to ensure that TSA is also checking for immigration status as well as the Terrorist Screening database , " he said . Rep. Chip Cravaak , R-Minnesota , said the government needs a "  common-sense solution " to prevent another 9/11-style attack , but said no solution would be perfect . "  We will never have 100 percent security . That just wo n't happen . Somebody that is perfectly normal one day can flip , because of whatever pressures he or she is under , " he said .	GAO chief investigator says he found "  weaknesses " in the TSA 's vetting process TSA deems number of pilots in U.S. illegally "  sensitive security information , " he says TSA vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal checks But the agency does n't vet them against immigration databases , GAO official says
This Old House  -- Unless you 're a perfect caretaker of your lawn  and , really , who is ?  , prepare for another round in the turf wars this summer . You 'll have to deal with a full frontal assault from the dandelions , of course . And an attack from the crabgrass . But you 'll face more stealthy opponents , too : root-chomping grubs and microscopic mildew that turn the grass from green to gray or brown . "  If a lawn is neglected , or cared for in a hit-or-miss way , it gets weak , " says This Old House landscape contractor Roger Cook . "  And that 's when weeds , insects , or fungal diseases become a major problem . " Little wonder that last year almost 50 million homeowners bought products to fight these invaders . But as in most battles , the best defense is a strong offense : doing everything right to cultivate healthy turf . That means giving it up to an inch and a half of water per week ; aerating and dethatching annually so water and nutrients can get down to the roots ; mowing with a sharp blade to the right height  ask your local garden center what 's best where you live  ; and fertilizing in spring and fall . So promise yourself -- and your turf -- you 'll do that this year . In the meantime , here 's how to conquer the most common turf problems you 're likely to confront this summer . Fungal disease Symptoms : Circular patches of yellow-to-brown grass ; or blades with tiny red threads . Culprits : Powdery mildew , brown patch , dollar spot , and fusarium patch ; or red thread . These fungal diseases can take hold of stressed turf . Solutions : Though lawns will generally recover from small areas of infection , if a fungus is progressively marching across your yard , look for a fungicide with the active ingredient thiophanate-methyl and follow the directions . For an organic fix , search out a corn-gluten mix that will cure brown patch and weaken most other fungi . Then nurse your lawn back to health by practicing good lawn-care habits : Avoid excessive shade  prune back trees and large shrubs , if necessary  and too many applications of fertilizer , herbicides , or pesticides . Carefully monitor your turf 's moisture intake and never water in the evening . Weeds Symptoms : Fast-growing and unruly greenery that quickly overtakes surrounding grass . This Old House : What type of grass is right for your yard Culprits : Crabgrass or broadleaf weeds such as dandelion , purslane , henbit , and chickweed that commonly pop up where soil is compacted and grass has n't completely taken root . To check for compacted soil , stick a screwdriver into the ground ; it should slide in easily . Solutions : The first step is to eradicate any foreign invaders . The best approach is to pull them out by hand using a weeder or a hoe . This will also loosen the soil in affected areas . Or use a liquid herbicide in a hand sprayer to spot-treat an infestation . If weeds are too plentiful to be pulled , check your garden center for a "  weed-and-feed " blend of granular fertilizer and herbicide that will kill weeds without harming turf types commonly grown in your area , or look for an organic fertilizer with corn gluten . Be sure to follow the directions on the box exactly , as some formulas must be applied during a dry spell or need a 24-hour breather with no foot traffic . From here on out , mow up to twice a week during the beginning of summer when grass grows swiftly , and raise the mower blade an inch during hot or dry periods . Water well as the summer heats up , and your turf should naturally overtake the weeds . In the fall , open up compacted soil poke holes with a pitchfork over a small yard , or rent a power aerator for large yards and overseed the lawn . You may want to follow up with a pre-emergent herbicide next spring . Insects Symptoms : Brown turf that becomes loose enough to lift like a mat . Culprits : White grubs , a catch-all name for root-chomping beetle larvae , including june bugs , Japanese beetles , and masked chafers . To be sure that 's what you 've got , cut a square foot of infected turf and roll it back , looking for pale , half-inch - to inch-long C-shaped bugs . If you find more than six , treat the turf . This Old House : Meet the good bugs Solutions : Grubs are the biggest threat to lawns , and pesticides formulated with imidacloprid are proven effective . For an organic fix , spread powdered milky spore or lay down beneficial nematodes-microscopic worms that will feed on the grubs if they 're present . With nematodes , timing the application with their life cycle is critical , so be sure to follow the directions on the box exactly . Both milky spore and nematodes can be ordered from some garden centers or online  gardensalive.com  . Symptoms : Irregular-shaped patches of brownish-yellow grass . Culprits : Chinch bugs , gray-black , quarter-inch-long insects that suck moisture from grass and are most likely to attack St. Augustine and zoysia grasses in the South and Kentucky bluegrass in the North . To spot them , bury an empty coffee can , with both ends removed , at the edge of the affected area and fill it with water . The bugs will seek out the moisture , then float to the top . If you see more than 10 after 20 minutes , you should address the problem . Solutions : Chinch bugs live on the surface , among thatch , so dethatching will reduce their numbers . To eradicate them completely , look for an appropriate insecticide with a pyrethroid ingredient . Longer-term , overseed with chinch-bug-resistant grasses . Symptoms : Patches of thin lawn with blades chewed off at the base . Culprits : Sod webworms and tropical sod webworms , hairless cream-to-gray spotted caterpillars that grow into small , buff-colored moths at maturity . The tropical species that thrive in warm southern climates cause the most harm . To check for webworms , mix two tablespoons of mild detergent with two gallons of water ; pour it over the infested turf . Any larvae will float to the top . Solutions : You can try flooding your lawn to drown them . Or choose an appropriate insecticide ; in an organic product , look for the ingredients azadirachtin or spinosad . With extreme cases of tropical webworm infestation you may need to replace the turf with a resistant grass mix . TIP : If dogs regularly make a pit stop of your lawn , keep a hose or water bucket nearby . Dog urine is high in nitrogen , which can "  burn " turf , creating a good-sized yellow patch . The best fix is immediate action : Flush the area ASAP with water to dilute it . Once badly burned , grass wo n't come back on its own-you 'll have to rake out the dead stuff and reseed . This Old House : What to do when your yard is bowser 's bathroom E-mail to a friend Get 2 Free Trial Issues COPYRIGHT © 2008 THIS OLD HOUSE VENTURES , INC. .	A good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi Brown patches are often indicative of bug problems Dog urine is high is nitrogen , so flush affected areas with water
CNN  -- First of all , of course we 'd rather see more original blockbusters created with female leads in mind . Though Hollywood has made strides in recent years toward more gender and racial diversity , success stories like Shonda Rhimes , Mindy Kaling and Tina Fey are still the exceptions , not the rule . There 's plenty of research showing that women are still sorely underrepresented onscreen and behind the scenes . But news that a female version of "  Ghostbusters " got us thinking about other films we 'd like to see recast with female leads . Turns out it 's a ton of fun to imagine who would be the female Cheech or Chong or Indiana Jones . We also asked CNN 's Facebook audience what they thought and came up with the gallery above . Let us know what you 'd add in the comments , but keep in mind that "  Magic Mike " is well-worn territory .	We asked CNN 's Facebook audience which women they 'd like to see in male roles Zoe Saldana as Harrison Ford in "  Indiana Jones " ? Why not ? Share your recommendations in the comments
Oakland Township , Michigan  CNN  -- The FBI -- working on information from an aging reputed mobster -- began digging in the waist-high grass of a Detroit-area field Monday in yet another search for the remains of former Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . The information that sparked the latest hunt in the nearly four-decades-long search for Hoffa is "  highly credible , " the source said . Agents were executing a search warrant for a field in Oakland Township , north of Detroit , based in part on information provided by alleged mobster Tony Zerilli . The paperwork filed under seal that accompanies the search warrant is described as "  several pages long , " according to the source , and it explains why the FBI believes the search is justified . "  The information provided by Tony Zerilli is highly credible , " the source said . By late afternoon , the search had been underway for several hours but there were no indications of any developments . The search was on private property , and media and curious onlookers were kept some distance from the search site . FBI Special Agent Bob Foley , head of the agency 's Detroit office , told CNN at the scene that the information leading to the search "  reached the threshold of probable cause , which was sufficient to allow us to obtain a search warrant . "  If it did n't rise to that level then , certainly , we would n't be out here . " Earlier this year , Zerilli , now in his 80s , told New York 's NBC 4 that Hoffa was buried in a Michigan field about 20 miles north of where he was last seen in 1975 . The FBI has spent months looking into Zerilli 's claims before seeking court authorization to excavate the field and look for evidence of a shallow grave , according to the source . Contrary to what 's been previously thought for years , Zerilli said he was told Hoffa 's disappearance was not connected to Genovese family New Jersey crime boss Anthony "  Tony " Provensano who allegedly wanted to get rid of Hoffa . Instead , according to the source , Zerilli told the FBI Detroit mobsters wanted Hoffa dead . At the time , Hoffa was thought to be setting the stage to get back into a power position with the labor movement after he was released from prison . He was convicted in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 . Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Zerilli was in prison himself when Hoffa disappeared . Zerilli , according to the source , said he when he was freed , he asked a mob enforcer what happened to Hoffa . The mobster allegedly told Zerilli that Detroit 's crime bosses ordered the Hoffa hit . They lured him to a meeting , then drove him to a farm owned by a mob underboss . The enforcer allegedly told Zerilli that Hoffa was killed and buried on the property , which covers several acres . The area being searched Monday was described as relatively small -- about the size of a small party tent , according to the source . Hoffa 's disappearance and presumed death have vexed investigators in the years since his last sighting . As recently as October , soil samples were taken from a home in the suburban Detroit community after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried in the yard a day after Hoffa disappeared . The soil samples were tested , and showed no evidence of human remains or decomposition . Zerilli , freed in 2008 after his last prison sentence , was convicted of crimes in connection with organized crime in Detroit . Keith Corbett , a former U.S. attorney , told CNN earlier this year that Zerilli headed a Detroit organized crime family from 1970 to 1975 , but was in fact in prison when Hoffa disappeared . In an interview with CNN affiliate WDIV-TV , Zerilli denied playing any role in Hoffa 's disappearance . Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried CNN 's Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI agent says information "  reached the threshold of probable cause " The search is based in part in information provided by an alleged mobster The FBI has spent months looking into Tony Zerilli 's claims Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant
Lampedusa , Italy  CNN  -- More than 400 people fleeing Libya and Tunisia arrived overnight in an Italian island on Saturday , the latest in a stream of refugees escaping volatile and unstable North Africa . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said the people reached the Mediterranean island of Lampedusa in two boats , one from Libya and the other from Tunisia . The vessel from Libya carried 199 people fleeing the country 's civil war , and the other carried 218 Tunisians looking for better lives in Europe . Five boats containing 1,271 passengers reached Lampedusa on Friday . Many of the refugees are from sub-Saharan Africa , including Sierra Leone and Senegal . Others include Bangladeshis and Egyptians . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have borne the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 . The number of new arrivals from Tunisia has reduced somewhat , thanks in part to a recent agreement with Italy to improve patrolling along the Tunisian coast .	One ship was from Libya and the other was from Tunisia People have been making the journey since February Lampedusa and Malta have borne the brunt of refugee flight
CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council has ended sanctions against Sierra Leone , restrictions originally imposed during the nation 's brutal civil war , the Security Council announced Wednesday . The Council ended a 1997 arms embargo and a travel ban among other sanctions , in a move aimed at restoring confidence in the West African nation . While the Security Council praised Sierra Leone for its progress since the end of the decade-long conflict in 2002 , it maintained the need for peacekeepers in the formerly war-torn nation . "  Sierra Leone may today no longer be one of your most critical concerns , " said Michael von der Schulenburg , head of the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Sierra Leone . "  But we urge you not to abandon Sierra Leone completely . It is a potential success story , not only for Sierra Leone but for the Security Council . " U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice commended the decision to end sanctions . "  Because of the much-improved situation in Sierra Leone , including the work of its special courts and the demobilization of armed groups , the remaining sanctions can now be lifted , " she said in a statement . Tens of thousands of Sierra Leone 's 6 million population were believed killed in the war , and more than 2 million were forced to flee their homes amid the mayhem that was fueled by riches from the diamond trade or so called "  blood diamonds . "	Sierra Leone endured a bloody civil war that ended in 2002 Sanctions were imposed during the conflict , including an arms embargo and travel restrictions The U.N. Security Council says the situation has improved
CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Friday to impeach a federal judge convicted of obstruction of justice while in office . Judge Samuel Kent was the first federal judge to be charged with sexual crimes while in office . U.S. District Judge Samuel B. Kent of Texas pleaded guilty in February , admitting he lied to investigators about nonconsensual sexual contact with two employees in his courthouse . As part of a plea agreement , other counts alleging sexual misconduct were dropped . Kent was the first federal judge to be charged with sexual crimes while in office . He has submitted his resignation , but made it effective June 1 , 2010 , meaning he would be paid for a year while in prison . That drew a heated response among some members of Congress , and a House Judiciary Committee task force unanimously approved four articles of impeachment against Kent on the grounds of sexual assault , obstruction of justice and providing false statements to federal investigators . Before the House vote , Judiciary Committee member Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , said to House members that Kent collecting a salary of about $ 174,000 while in prison constituted "  an attempt to extort hundreds of thousands of dollars from the American people . " There were no dissenting votes . The decision on whether to convict Kent will be made by the Senate . A conviction would mean he would lose his seat on the federal bench and his pension . Kent , who turns 60 this month , was sentenced in May to 33 months in prison and began serving the sentence Monday . He was ordered to undergo treatment for alcoholism while in prison . An attempt to reach Kent 's attorney for comment was unsuccessful Friday afternoon . President George H.W. Bush nominated Kent , who took his seat on the bench of the Southern District of Texas on October 1 , 1990 . Kent is the 14th federal judge to be impeached by the House . The last impeachment -- on charges of lying to a federal grand jury -- was of Mississippi Judge Walter Nixon in 1989 .	Samuel Kent says he lied about nonconsensual sexual contact with 2 employees Kent submits resignation effective June 2010 , which allowed him to collect salary To keep Kent from being paid while in jail , House panel votes to impeach Decision on whether he 'll lose his seat on the bench and pension rests with Senate
CNN  Magma and lava from a Japanese volcano is forming new geography in a remote part of the Pacific Ocean . An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima in November 2013 formed a small islet right next to it when molten lava cooled . That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop . The newly formed island has grown to 2.46 square kilometers  .94 square miles  , according to the Japanese coast guard , which sent an observation plane to the area this week . The coast guard said it 's 52 times bigger than the iconic Tokyo Dome . And it 's expected to get larger . The volcano is erupting five to six times a minute , spewing out volcanic rock , the coast guard says . The evolving land mass is 1,000 kilometers  620 miles  south of Tokyo . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report	An eruption on the tiny volcanic island of Nishinoshima formed a small islet That islet has merged with its neighbor and continues to develop
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Equipment that the oil company BP was using to help stop the massive oil gusher in the Gulf of Mexico is leaking -- another setback for the beleaguered company in its hope of stopping this disaster . The company will need to fix the leak before it can run crucial tests that could show whether an end finally is in sight to the environmental disaster , the company said . There was no timetable for when the leak was to be fixed , a company spokesman said early Thursday morning . Earlier , BP was proceeding with the critical test of its crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico . The U.S. government had told BP Tuesday to proceed with the "  integrity " test on the well in the Gulf of Mexico , and BP had begun the process of shutting off valves on its new capping stack , to see whether the well can hold the pressure . It 's hoped the tests , whenever they begin , will show whether the well can be contained -- either by closing the 30-foot , 75-ton cap stack or siphoning off oil to the surface . That could signal a beginning of an end to the catastrophe that began when the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded April 20 , killing 11 workers and launching the relentless oil spill . But even if the well is contained , the cleanup could take years . Retired Adm. Thad Allen , who is heading the government 's response to the oil spill , announced Wednesday the test had been given a green light , after it was delayed for a day so that procedures could be scrutinized . He said that after intense consultations with Energy Secretary Steven Chu and other scientists involved , "  At this time we 'll be releasing an order to BP to proceed with the well integrity test . But we gave them some additional direction to make sure we were are taking due care and in some cases an overabundance of caution , to make sure we did n't do any irreversible harm to the well as we proceed . " Allen said the officials "  sat long and hard about delaying the test " and it was "  not easy " to decide to delay . He said they wanted to make sure they 're "  getting this right " for this "  significant event . " Allen added the earlier delay was not prompted by the White House . "  We advised the White House that we decided to take a 24-hour break . It was us advising them that we thought it was the right thing to do . We briefed them , " he said . BP 's Senior Vice President Kent Wells reported shortly after Allen spoke that the middle valve of the three-valve stack had been closed . That 's an initial step in the complicated process of closing off the well and checking pressure to see how it 's holding . A key question was whether shutting the well was worth the risk , or whether it might damage the well bore . Allen said the test would be a stop-and-go process . It involves incrementally closing three valves on the new cap while testing pressure , a process that could unfold could over two days . Higher pressure readings would mean the leak is being stopped , while lower pressure indications would mean oil is escaping from other parts of the well . It was not clear early Thursday if the new leak was discovered by a lower pressure reading . The massive cap , which has a better seal than the last cap placed on the well , is about three stories high and weighs 160,000 pounds . If the well ca n't be shut off completely , oil could be diverted through riser pipes to ships on the surface . The Helix Producer and Q4000 currently are at the surface , but it might take several weeks before two more ships can be brought in to contain all the flow . Allen said a four-vessel system could recover up to 80,000 barrels  3.3 million gallons  a day , more than the high-end estimates of the well 's flow rate . Scientists estimate that 35,000 to 60,000 barrels  1.4 to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have spewed daily from BP 's breached well . Wells said the Helix Producer is ramping up production and recovered about 9,200 barrels  386,400 gallons  on Tuesday . The test is called an integrity test because it is aimed at ensuring the well bore has enough integrity to hold the pressure in the well when it is closed . "  In this exercise , high pressure is good , " Allen said . "  We are looking for somewhere between 8 - and 9,000 -LSB- pounds per square inch -RSB- inside the capping stack , which would indicate to us that the hydrocarbons are being forced up and the well bore 's being able to withstand that pressure . " Allen said that if low pressure readings persist for around a six-hour time frame , that could signal problems with the new cap . Meanwhile , two relief wells are seen as the ultimate solution to the oil disaster . They 're expected to be completed in August . Wells had said Tuesday that work on the relief wells was being delayed while officials prepared for the integrity test , noting that "  it 's a good precaution to take . " But Allen said Wednesday in his briefing the government has n't ordered BP to halt work on the relief wells . "  They are going very slowly . They have n't stopped , " he said . He did say that operations on the second relief well were temporarily suspended at a depth of 15,963 feet to ensure there is no interference with the first relief well . The second relief well is a backup to the first . When the relief well does intercept the crippled well , heavy mud and then cement would be pumped in to seal it permanently . Allen cautions that even if the engineering containment efforts work , there is still a lot to be done in a disaster that has affected the environment and the livelihoods of people from Louisiana to Florida . "  There 's still a significant amount of oil out there , and the oil recovery and the impacts of this oil will probably extend well into the fall in terms of oil coming ashore , tar balls , beach cleanup , and then we will be ... trying to understand the long-term environmental/ecological impact of the event , " he said . CNN 's John King , Jamie Morrison , Vivian Kuo and Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : Leak puts a stop to tests on ruptured oil well NEW : No timetable for when leak will be repaired U.S. officials gave BP additional direction for tests
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The sham marriage trial of Mexican actress Fernanda Romero , under way in a Los Angeles federal court , offered more drama this week than the soap operas she is famous for . The courtroom cast included celebrity photographer and reality TV star Markus Klinko , whom defense lawyers tried to paint as a revengeful ex-boyfriend who turned her in to immigrations agents . Romero sat directly in front of jurors , holding hands with co-defendant Kent Ross , the Los Angeles musician she allegedly paid $ 5,000 to marry her so she could get a U.S. work visa . The couple had an "  unconventional relationship , " but their marriage was real , a defense lawyer said in opening statements . The 28-year-old actress-model began sobbing as Klinko testified against her Wednesday , outlining his romantic relationship with Romero that he said began after she married Ross . The judge scowled several times as the lead defense attorney questioned Klinko about areas already ruled irrelevant to the case . "  Please , do n't do that , " U.S. District Judge Manuel Real warned defense lawyer Michael Nasatir . Real 's rulings frustrated defense efforts to press Klinko about why he hired the private investigator who dug up the evidence that prompted immigration agents to begin their probe of Romero 's marriage . Klinko testified that it was "  completely incorrect " that his motivation was to get his former girlfriend deported . Instead , the investigator was gathering evidence to be used in a lawsuit against Michael Ball , the founder and owner of the Rock & Republic fashion company , Klinko said . The criminal complaint named Ball as a target of the federal investigation , alleging that he helped arrange the sham marriage while Romero was modeling for his company . Klinko said his lawyer turned the evidence over to the government only because he feared Klinko might by extorted by Ball . "  My case has never been against Fernanda , " Klinko said after his testimony . "  I wish her the best . " The judge also rejected the defense attempt to allege that Klinko , a Swiss native , was himself involved in a sham marriage in 1987 -- a charge he denied outside court . "  The defense attempted over and over again to taint Mr. Klinko with malicious and false smears , " said Klinko 's lawyer , Lisa Bloom . "  The judge repeatedly blocked them from doing so by sustaining multiple objections to their improper questions . We thank the judge . " The prosecutor in the case , Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Left , said Romero could get between 15 and 21 months in prison if convicted , though such cases usually produce shorter sentences . The case is unusual because marriage fraud charges are usually litigated by immigration authorities rather than prosecuted as criminal cases . The federal complaint accuses Romero of paying Ross , 28 , to marry her June 12 , 2005 , but alleges that they never lived together as a couple . Romero began dating Klinko a month later , and they lived together for several months , the complaint says . According to a sworn affidavit by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Senior Special Agent Bonita Canterberry filed in the case , Klinko and Romero 's relationship ended in 2007 , about the same time Klinko filed a lawsuit against Rock & Republic and Ball , alleging breach of contract in relation to a photo shoot . Klinko also accused Ball of extortion . Romero 's show business career began in Mexico at age 16 when she joined the ensemble Frizzby , her Internet Movie Database biography says . The group toured Mexico and Central America , releasing two top-10 singles , it says . She started hosting television shows and appearing on commercials in Mexico when she was 18 , it says . Romero has appeared in print and TV ad campaigns for Rock and Republic , Clean and Clear , Pepsi , Apple and JC Penney , it says . "  She was cast in Telemundo 's original production ` Wounded Soul , ' where she was not only a lead actress , but also a lead singer , performing two songs in the soap opera 's soundtrack , " her online biography says .	Defense : Fernanda Romero 's marriage was "  unconventional " but real The Mexican actress is accused of using a fake marriage to get a U.S. green card Photographer Markus Klinko was the key prosecution witness Klinko says his goal was not to get his ex-girlfriend deported
CNN  -- Kenya remains a safe place to visit despite an attack on a Nairobi shopping mall over the weekend in which at least 68 people , including foreigners , died , the country 's tourism minister said Monday . The siege by suspected Islamist militants at the upscale Westgate Mall represents another potential blow to tourism in Kenya , whose tourist numbers have increased in recent years but which has also suffered a series of violent incidents affecting foreigners . The mall , normally a calm refuge in an often turbulent city , is itself a tourist draw in the Kenyan capital , and suspected Islamist militants may have targeted it partly for that reason . "  It 's a really international place , " Isha Saini , a Nairobi interior designer , told CNN . "  Lots of expats and other foreigners go there on the weekend for lunch . "  This is definitely going to have a big impact on tourism . " Foreigners among dead Among those killed in the mall siege were three British citizens , two French nationals and two Canadians , their governments said . Several American citizens were among the wounded . The attack is the latest of several incidents in the past few years to have hurt the country 's tourism image . In late 2011 , a British man , David Tebbutt , was killed and his wife held hostage for 192 days in an attack by Somali pirates on the couple 's luxury resort near Kenya 's Lamu Island . In October of the same year , an elderly French expatriate was kidnapped from her home on Manda island , in the Lamu archipelago , and died shortly afterwards owing to her fragile health . In March this year , the month of national elections , tourists were warned to stay away from Kenya over fears of a repeat of the violence that followed the country 's last such poll , in 2007 , when more than 1,200 people died . In the event , the elections passed off peacefully . A few months later , in early August this year , a huge fire destroyed large parts of Nairobi 's Kenyatta International Airport , a major African transport hub . "  Despicable act " In a statement on the Nairobi mall attack -- which latest reports suggest authorities are close to resolving -- Kenya 's tourism and commerce secretary , Phyllis Kandie , condemned what she called "  a despicable act of cowardice intended to instill fear among Kenyans and our visitors . " Tourist facilities throughout the country were "  operating normally , " she said , and the government had "  scaled up security " in these and other "  social places . " Two tourism conferences -- one on hotel investment and another on eco-tourism -- were due to go ahead in Nairobi this week , Kandie said . She also noted that the British government had not changed its official travel advice on Kenya . At the time of writing , the U.S. state department 's advice also remained unchanged . Tourism boost Kenya has made strides in recent years to boost tourism , one of its major industries and its main source of foreign exchange . The industry had been hit hard in the past by events such as the 1998 bombing of the US embassy in Nairobi and the negative travel advice from foreign governments that followed . Yet from 2008 to 20011 tourist arrivals in Kenya climbed from approximately 1.2 million to 1.8 million , according to Kenyan government figures -- a 50 % increase . Tourism revenue doubled over the period from 53 billion Kenyan shillings  $ 600 million  to 98 billion shillings . Safaris top attraction For decades , wildlife safaris have been Kenya 's top tourism draw . Tsavo National Park is one of Africa 's best places to see elephants , lions and leopards , as well as to witness the continent 's famed wildebeest migration . Also on CNN : Ten things you probably did n't know you could do in Kenya Kenya 's Indian Ocean beach resorts are another big attraction , as is the dramatic landscape of cliffs and gorges in Hell 's Gate National Park . Despite the weekend attack and the city 's generally edgy reputation , the cafes and nightlife of Nairobi also offer one of the liveliest slices of urban existence in Africa . Risk of robbery In general advice , the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office warns against the risk of robbery in Nairobi and other large Kenyan cities , although it says foreigners are n't usually targeted . Tourists should nonetheless avoid carrying large amounts of cash and wearing expensive jewelry , the FCO says . The British government additionally advises against all but essential travel to within 60 kilometers of the Kenya-Somali border and to other pockets within Nairobi and Kenya more widely .	Mall attack may have targeted tourists "  It 's a really international place , " says one Kenya resident Incident follows tourist kidnappings and airport blaze Kenya had upped visitor numbers by 50 % in recent years
CNN  -- The first case of Ebola in the United States was diagnosed in Texas . Officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention took to the airwaves to assure the public that there is no risk of widespread infection . The reason : The United States has a strong health system and trained health workers who can efficiently and effectively contain Ebola . This is good news for America , but what about the rest of the world ? In fact , the devastation of Ebola highlights an urgent global crisis that , as we now see , can reach into the United States : Across the world , there is a shortage of 7.2 million health workers . The United States is sending thousands of troops to West Africa to fight Ebola . In Liberia , Sierra Leone , Nigeria and Senegal people suffer because Ebola death stalks faster than local governments and international relief agencies can respond . Our moral imperative to respond swiftly is obvious . Complete coverage on Ebola This is made very difficult because at least 1 billion people have little to no access to a health worker , according to the World Health Organization . The Ebola epidemic has exposed global health 's Achilles ' heel . A big part of the reason is that the global health community has unwittingly built a system in which health advocates compete for funding allocated to specific diseases : HIV , malaria , tuberculosis -- the list goes on .	Ashley Judd , Karl Hofmann : Ebola is in Texas . U.S. ' good health system is good news But event highlights bad news in rest of world : huge shortage of health workers globally , they say Why ? Health investments made to fight specific diseases , not health systems to prevent them Writers : Governments , nonprofits , foundations must join to fund , build health systems
Boston  CNN  -- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings , lies in a hospital with a gunshot wound to the side of his neck , sedated and intubated , sources say . But he could be brought out of sedation in minutes so he could answer questions from law enforcement officials , doctors tell CNN . Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "  sedation holidays . " What we know about the suspects Under normal circumstances , doctors use these holidays , which last anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours , so they can ask patients questions to assess neurological and cognitive functioning . The patients ca n't talk , since they have a tube down their throats , but they can write . "  They 're still pretty out of it on these holidays , pretty confused and sleepy , but they could be able to understand what 's being said to them , " said Dr. Albert Wu , an internist and attending physician at Johns Hopkins Hospital . While many patients are groggy during these holidays , others are quite awake and thoughtful . Did one brother brainwash the other ? Tsarnaev , who has been hospitalized since his capture on Friday , has been communicating with officials , two sources told CNN . "  They have been questioning him since yesterday , " a senior law enforcement source said . "  There is some form of communication between law enforcement and the suspect . " Neither source would divulge what Tsarnaev has been communicating . Dr. Corey Siegel , a gastroenterologist and professor at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center , remembers visiting his grandmother in the intensive care unit while she was intubated and sedated . Fearing she might be dying , he asked her physicians to decrease her sedation so he could have one last conversation with her . She still could n't talk but she could write on a notepad . "  She woke up in five minutes and had a conversation . It was March , and she told me where her tax materials were so she could file her taxes , " Siegel remembers . After a "  sedation holiday " patients are put back under full sedation . "  It 's like these patients are asleep , " said Wu , a professor of health policy and management at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  They ca n't hold a conversation . They 're really out of it . " Despite the sedation , some patients do respond a bit to what 's going on around them . They might , for example , grunt if a doctor taps them on the shoulder or says their name . "  They might squeeze your hand in response to a command or move their heads to a sound , but they ca n't answer questions , " said Dr. Athos Rassias , associate professor of anesthesia and critical care at Dartmouth . Doctors sedate intubated patients because it 's uncomfortable and painful to have a tube down the throat and a machine forcing air into the lungs . CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	NEW : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been communicating with authorities , sources say Intubated and sedated patients are often put on "  sedation holidays " These holidays are used to ask patients questions
NEW YORK  CNN  -- As Britain 's Prince Harry neared the end of his second and final day in New York City on Saturday , he described his experiences as "  fantastic . " Prince Harry smiles whilte touring the Harlem Children 's Zone on Saturday during a 36-hour visit to New York . The 24-year-old visited the Harlem Children 's Zone , a nonprofit organization that offers free programs and classes in a low-income area , then went to Governors Island in New York Harbor to play in the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic . Profits from the match will benefit Sentebale , a charity for orphans in Lesotho , Africa , a cause Harry 's mother , Princess Diana , had promoted . The prince was accompanied by Prince Seeiso of Lesotho , who also lost his mother when he was young . The men toured the Children 's Zone with founder Geoffrey Canada , and spent time in a classroom where some students were studying for a math test . A 10-year-old girl sitting at a desk covered with drawing paper and colored markers gave Harry a picture . "  Is this for me ? " Harry asked as he accepted it . Pointing to the desk and pens , he then asked , "  You find yourself very lucky to have all this ? " When she nodded , he replied "  Good . " A young boy gave Harry a bowl containing a dish he had prepared , and the prince ate it while the child sounded off the ingredients . Throughout the classroom visit , the prince smiled and chatted easily with students . Watch Soledad O'Brien 's report on the Children 's Zone " Cheering people lined the street as Harry entered the building . As he left , reporters shouted questions . Asked how he liked his first official visit overseas and meeting the children , the prince responded , "  It 's been fantastic -- really , really worthwhile . " "  It 's my first visit to New York . I 'm hopeful I 'll come back to visit again . " He also was asked whether he thought his appearances would change any image the public might have of him , apparently referring to some of his wild exploits ways when he was younger . Those incidents included a one-day stint in drug rehab in 2002 and accusations of racism in January . "  I do n't know what the image is of me . There is always the image that 's been given to me , but people have their own opinions , it 's the media that likes to stamp on the image which is n't really me . " On Friday , the youngest son of Princess Diana offered his condolences to September 11 victims at the former site of the World Trade Center . The prince met New York Gov. David Paterson and briefly spoke with family members of 9/11 victims . The prince then laid a wreath at the site and bowed his head in a moment of silence . Watch Prince Harry 's visit to Ground Zero " He left a handwritten note tacked to the wreath , citing an "  the courage shown by the people " of New York on September 11 , 2001 . Harry later paid tribute to his fellow citizens at Lower Manhattan 's British Garden at Hanover Square , where he honored the 67 British victims of the September 11 attacks , officials said . The third in line for the British crown , Harry is active in the British Army . He received a promotion to lieutenant in April 2008 and is currently training for an Army Air Corps pilot position , according to the prince 's Web site .	Prince Harry visits a nonprofit that offers free programs and classes in Harlem Harry also takes part in the Veuve Clicquot Manhattan Polo Classic On first visit to New York : "  Fantastic . ... I 'm hopeful I 'll come back to visit again " 24-year-old plays down criticisms of past , says media "  stamps on " false image
Palm Springs , CA  CNN  -- Back in 1993 , my friend Craig Pollard set out with a very simple mission . He wanted to help cancer survivors realize their dreams of a college education . As a two-time cancer survivor himself , Craig saw first hand how the disease can devastate a family physically , emotionally and financially . Even families with great insurance can exhaust all their resources trying to return their children to good health , leaving little if nothing for that child 's continued education . Since inception , Cancer for College has granted over $ 2 million in scholarships to more than 1,000 survivors from around the country . It 's an opportunity for these young people who have had to endure so much to feel like they can return to some kind of normalcy in their lives . All the applicant stories are so inspiring with many of the survivors wanting to go on to become doctors , nurses and counselors . Some even go on to work in the very hospitals where they were treated . Thanks for watching our CNN Interview . We appreciate you taking the time to learn more about our cause . If you 'd like to contribute , click the donate button or visitwww.cancerforcollege.org for more info on what we are doing to help make the college dreams of cancer survivors come true . Will	Ferrell 's college friend Craig Pollard started Cancer for College after twice battling cancer himself ` Cancer for College ' provides scholarships to current and former cancer patients whose medical bills left little for college Ferrell played doubles with tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Stand Wawrinka , as well as actor Kevin Spacey , to raise money for the cause
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's entire state apparatus has been mobilized "  to plan , commit , and cover up crimes " in the war-torn area of Darfur , a prosecutor for the International Criminal Court said Thursday . The United Nations estimates 2.5 million people have been forced from their homes in Darfur . The prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , made the observation in a progress report to the U.N. Security Council into its probe of crimes in Darfur and the status of two men indicted for war crimes and crimes against humanity in the Darfur region of Sudan . He said the Sudanese government "  has taken no steps to arrest " the men , one of whom is now in charge of the government 's humanitarian affairs . The other is a militia leader . "  For the last five years the whole Darfur area has been a crime scene . Girls are raped , schools are bombed . ... And they are covering up these crimes , " Moreno-Ocampo said at a news conference at the United Nations Thursday . The court says Darfurians are attacked in their villages and in camps , citing rapes , bombings of schools and arrests of community leaders . "  Crimes being committed today in Darfur can not be denied , or minimized . Decisions to commit crimes , to deny crimes , to disguise crimes are taken at the highest level . Denial of crimes , by the authorities that vowed to protect Darfurians , is an additional harm to the victims , " the report said . The ICC cases are against Ali Kushayb , a militia leader , and Ahmad Harun , former minister of state for the interior in Sudan , who is now in charge of humanitarian affairs for the Sudanese government . Both face charges of murder , rape , forced displacement and other offenses during the Darfur crisis , which the United States characterizes as a genocide . Harun 's present role gives him power over how and whether aid agencies can deliver food , medicine and shelter to victims of chronic violence and deprivation in Darfur . "  He attacks the people he has the responsibility to protect , " the International Criminal Court said in a statement . "  He hampers the delivery of relief to the victims . He is involved in obstructing deployment of the peacekeepers . " Alleged crimes in the region stem from a brutal counter-insurgency campaign the Sudanese government conducted after rebels began an uprising in the Darfur region of western Sudan in 2003 . The authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur on a campaign of killing , torture and rape , according to the United Nations , western governments and human-rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels draw strength . About 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates , and 2.5 million have been forced from home . In 2005 , the Security Council cleared the way for possible war crimes prosecutions by the International Criminal Court , a permanent tribunal set up to handle prosecutions related to genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The court is based on a treaty signed by 106 nations -- excluding Sudan . Prosecutors are investigating offenses in Sudan , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Uganda and the Central African Republic . Once the court indicts someone , authorities in one country or another have the power to detain the indicted person for trial at The Hague . That has not happened in the case of Harun and Kushayb . An arrest warrant for Harun charges that he was involved in the murder , rape , torture and forced displacement of civilians . The court also says he encouraged such illegal acts in public speeches during his tenure as minister of state for the interior . The criminal court says Kushayb led several thousand militia members and personally participated in attacks against civilians . An arrest warrant outlines numerous cases of murder , rape and inhumane acts . In Sudan , however , senior government leaders told CNN that reports of atrocities in Darfur were exaggerated . "  Yes , there has been a war and some people have died , but it 's not like what has been reflected in the media , " said Interior Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamid . Musa Halil , an adviser to Sudan 's president , has been accused by the United States of leading a militia responsible for atrocities . And the U.N. Security Council has frozen his assets . Yet he denies any wrongdoing . "  There is no genocide , " he told CNN . "  Most people came to the refugee camps because of the pressure and were used there for political marketing . " Others told a different story . In Darfur , eyewitnesses spoke of government airplanes and helicopters attacking defenseless civilians just four months ago . They said the government struck in coordination with militiamen riding horses and camels -- a classic pattern that has unfolded around Darfur in recent years . More than 115 people were killed in that attack , they said , and nearly 58,000 people fled . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report	International Criminal Court : Sudan "  taken no steps " to arrest Darfur war criminals One suspect now in charge of humanitarian affairs for Sudanese government Allegations stem from 2003 counter-insurgency campaign by Sudanese government United Nations estimates about 300,000 people have died in Darfur region
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- If more women worked , Japan could add millions of employees to its rapidly shrinking workforce , a government study released Tuesday said . The key is better pay and a more flexible work culture . If women did not quit their jobs due to marriage or childbirth , the report says , Japan 's workforce would increase by up to 4.5 million people . Female workers numbered 27.7 million in the Japanese workforce in 2009 , compared to 38.4 million men . The annual document analyzes the role of women in the Japanese economy and , this year , urges more flexibility so women can maintain careers and raise children . There is a significant drop in the number of women working in their 30s , according to the report . Pay may be one of the reasons . Total compensation for women equals about 40 percent of what men make in Japan , the government said . Hourly wages for women are about 70 percent of that for their male counterparts . Although Japan has world 's second largest economy , it also has the world 's fastest aging population and one of the lowest birthrates on the planet . By 2050 , the government estimates 40 percent of Japan 's population will be over the age of 65 . The numbers represent a shrinking tax base for the Japanese economy -- one that has the world 's largest debt to gross-domestic-product ratio , at nearly 200 percent . Paying that debt off will be an increasing challenge for Tokyo , if the number of taxpayers dwindles every year .	Government report says women could boost Japanese workforce Report : flexibility would help women work and raise families Japan has world 's fastest-aging population and a low birthrate
CNN  -- Asia 's economic growth will tumble to the slowest pace since the 1997-1998 Asian financial crisis , the Asian Development Bank  ADB  said in a report released Tuesday . Customers buy vegetables at a market in Quezon City in suburban Manila , Philippines , on September 16 . "  The short term outlook for the region is bleak as the full impact of the severe recession in industrialized economies is transmitted to emerging markets , " said Jong-Wha Lee , acting chief economist for the ADB . The Asian Development Outlook 2009 forecasts that economic growth in developing Asia will slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 , down from 6.3 percent last year and 9.5 percent in 2007 . Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , if the global economy experiences a mild recovery next year , the report says . "  The concern for the region , and especially for the region 's poor , is that it is not yet clear that the -LSB- United States -RSB- , European Union and Japan will recover as soon as next year , " Lee said . The slowdown should prompt Asian countries to expand their economic base and not be as dependent on exports , according to the report . Despite the downturn , the report says Asia is in a much better position to cope with the current crisis than it was in the late 1990s . "  Large foreign currency reserves and steadily declining inflation rates will provide policymakers with the necessary tools to nurse their economies through the hard times ahead , " the report said . A number of Asian governments , including China , Japan and South Korea , have already responded quickly to the global financial crisis with stimulus packages and changes in monetary policy , helping to stem some of the downturn . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	Economic growth in developing Asia forecast to slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , report says Report : Slowdown could prompt Asian nations to not be as dependent on exports
CNN  -- The World Bank cut China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday , down a full percentage point from November 's projection . Workers assemble toys on a production line at a factory in Shantou , in China 's Guangdong province . Despite the downgrade , "  China is a relative bright spot in an otherwise gloomy global economy , " said the World Bank 's David Dollar . Last week , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao reiterated projections that the nation 's economy will grow by 8 percent in 2009 , despite doubts expressed by domestic and international economic analysts . Some have forecast growth as low as 5 percent . "  I will admit it will be a difficult job -LSB- to reach 8 percent -RSB- . This being said , I also believe with considerable efforts it 's possible for us to obtain this goal , " Wen said at a news conference following the annual session of the country 's rubber-stamp legislature . China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled . In February , Chinese exports plunged 25.7 percent compared with the previous year 's , Beijing reported last week . Even with the slowdown , China 's economy -- the third largest in the world -- has gone from white-hot to merely robust . In 2007 , China 's gross domestic product grew at 13 percent . The two largest economies -- the United States and Japan -- are in recession . "  So a lot of things will go down in 2009 globally , " Dollar said . "  But we see China 's contribution as being very positive in keeping many markets from going down as far as they would otherwise . " The World Bank expects China 's economy to outgrow most others in 2009 . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	World Bank cuts China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Reduction is down a full percentage point from November 's projection Last week , Chinese Premier projected nation 's economy would grow by 8 % in 2009 China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November
Omar Hameed has no regrets about having worked with American forces while a Falluja police officer . Nor does he have hope -- at least in Iraq . "  There 's no future for me here , " the stoic 37-year-old man said . "  No future for me or for my kids . " That 's why he is trying to get help from the country whose forces he once helped by applying for asylum in the United States with his wife and their four young children . Having a normal life in Iraq is unfeasible , Hameed contends . He is a marked man , targeted by militants overrunning his hometown of Falluja and other parts of his Middle Eastern nation . Need proof of his suffering , evidence of the steep price he 's paid for having partnered with the United States and its Iraqi allies ? Look down at Hameed 's legs : One was blown off below the knee , the other at the upper thigh . READ MORE : ` Bad old days ' return to Baghdad From mechanic to Falluja police officer Hameed had been a mechanic during the last days of Saddam Hussein 's reign , before the U.S.-led invasion led to the heavy-handed leader 's capture in December 2003 . Hussein 's capture and other decisions opened a vacuum in Iraq , during which U.S.-led international forces teamed with their fledgling Iraqi allies to quell ongoing violence . It also opened the door for Hameed to find a new calling as a police officer . One sign of the trouble around him came in 2004 , when he spotted al Qaeda-linked insurgents planting a bomb outside his Falluja home . Dressed in black , the men worked fast to hide their handiwork in the dirt . "  I went out and spoke to them , and they told me to shut up or they would put my head on the sidewalk , " Hameed recalls . "  I just had to turn around and walk inside . " But he did n't stay completely quiet . Hameed discreetly alerted American forces -- who were being targeted routinely by such militants -- about the bomb . U.S. troops showed up later at his central Iraqi house and made a very public display of arresting him . But it was all an act , Hameed explained , saying the Americans told him they had to make it "  look real because they wanted to take me to their base to talk . " In those conversations , Hameed said the coalition troops reached out to him . "  They asked if I would help them because of my police work , " he remembered . "  And I agreed . " READ MORE : Ex-PM says violence could ` burn up ' region Parts of 2 legs lost , wrist deformed Hameed returned to once again patrol the streets of Falluja . He also continued his alliance with U.S. forces , as evidenced in photographs of him proudly standing with American troops . Official documents signed by American officers praised his intelligence work and declared his efforts had undoubtedly saved American and Iraqi lives . But having such friends did n't mean Hameed was safe , especially after coalition forces started to pull out of Iraq . Nor did it mean that everyone was pleased with his work . He found that out in 2009 , as he left his Falluja home to do some shopping . "  As I was driving my car , it suddenly exploded , " Hameed said , adding that a "  sticky " bomb had been affixed to his car . Two weeks in a Falluja hospital were followed by a year at medical facilities in Amman , Jordan . It left him with his left wrist scarred and deformed , twisted at a jarring angle . Today , there are prosthetics where the rest of Hameed 's legs used to be , causing him to walk stiffly and awkwardly and to use a cane for balance . Still , he walks proudly . ' I do n't know what to do ' Hameed has spent the past few years moving between Jordan and relatives in northern Iraq , in addition to clandestine visits to Falluja to see his wife and children for a day or two . Coming home has become more dangerous in recent months in Falluja . This city some 70 kilometers  45 miles  west of Baghdad is seeing some of its worst violence in at least half a decade . Conflicting reports indicate the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria -- formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq -- partially control the city in Anbar province . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki this month told his troops not to strike residential neighborhoods in Falluja , while at the same time appealing to the city 's residents and tribes to expel "  terrorists " there . READ MORE : Is Iraq worse than ever ? Amid all this turmoil , Hameed has n't been able to escape , even as he 's tried to keep a low profile . In a visit there January 4 , he said insurgents stopped him at a roadblock , tied up his hands and took him to a mosque they controlled . Hameed thought he was a dead man . "  They told me , ` We know you are Omar , you were working with the American troops and Iraqi police , " he recalled . The militants showed him some mercy after he showed them the results of the bombing that maimed him . But he was n't released until a few hours later , following what he described as calls from tribal leaders who argued that his severe injuries were punishment enough for cooperating with the Americans . Hameed has n't turned back . His wife , 13-year-old son and three young daughters -- ages 9 , 7 and 2 -- are now with him elsewhere in Iraq . They are waiting , like many other Iraqis , for American diplomats to decide on their asylum application . It 's been about a year now . Hameed argues his work with the Americans , the injuries he suffered because of that and the continued threats to his life are all reasons he and his family should be allowed to take the 7,000-mile journey across the Atlantic . Until then , he 's in many ways lost in his homeland . "  I can not work in Falluja , and I ca n't in Baghdad , " Hameed said . "  I do n't know what to do . "	Omar Hameed was a policeman in Falluja , where he worked with U.S. forces He says a bomb that destroyed parts of his legs was retribution for those efforts He , his wife and their four young children applied for U.S. asylum a year ago Hameed says he has no regrets , but remaining in Iraq is n't feasible
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- As the Ukrainian military warns of plans to assault this rebel-controlled city , separatist militants are thinning on the streets and their leaders are canceling public appearances . Government security officials said Monday they were preparing for a "  massive assault " on Donetsk , state media reported . Inside the city , shelling has already pushed some residents underground into cellars and half-built basements . In a dim labyrinth beneath a government building , dozens of women and children sleep on mattresses they carried below ground to take shelter from the violence . They say they believe separatists who have told them the Ukrainian army are American-backed fascists , set on attacking ethnic Russians . "  They crush us , the damn Americans . What are they doing ? Where there is war in the world , they have a part , " one woman said . Above ground , the grief and anger are more vivid , near where a school was hit . "  They are unworthy , because they are fascists , the government , why do they have to shoot innocent people ? " resident Svetlana Ivanovna said . Rima Denisovna returned home Monday to find glass covering her bed . Ukraine 's army has used a lot of artillery in its fast advance , but it 's unclear who fired the shells here that shattered her windows . Denisovna , who was staying with her daughter when the shells hit , knows one thing . "  If I 'd been asleep here , " she said , "  I would have died . "	Separatist militants are thinning on the streets of Donetsk Shelling has already pushed some residents to take shelter underground Women and children huddled in a basement criticize America A fast military advance leaves shattered windows and damaged homes behind
Beijing  CNN  -- Wang Kang looks every bit what he is : a Chinese scholar . With his Confucian beard , graying hair and a deep , resonant voice enunciating Putonghua tones , he epitomizes gravitas . But it 's not his appearance so much as the power of his story . For Wang is one of the few insiders who dare to speak publicly about something most people in China only whisper about : the fall of the man once touted as a potential Chinese president . "  I know I 'm taking a little risk by agreeing to this interview , " he says . "  Several foreign media have told me they can not find one single person to speak in the vast city of Chongqing . No one dares go public . This is sad . " Why Bo scandal might not be all bad All of this plays out in this choking metropolis in southwest China . It is a city Wang knows well . He is a well-known identity , plugged into local politics and personally familiar with the people at the center of this scandal , which has grown to encompass a murder investigation , allegations of spying , and rumored sexual affairs that have led to the sacking of the party chief , who until last month ruled the city with an iron fist . Wang says it all leads back to Bo Xilai , a man known in China as a "  princeling , " the son of a communist revolutionary hero . Why the scandal plays bigger abroad Bo saw Chongqing as the place to make his stand . He drove out criminal gangs , locking up or executing the ring-leaders . All of this to a soundtrack of old-style revolutionary songs and slogans : smash black , sing red he called it . On the streets he won praise , but to his critics Bo was orchestrating a naked power grab , wiping out rivals and enemies . The insider , Wang , says the crackdown went too far . "  Extortion of confessions through torture was commonplace -- too many unjust and mistaken cases were made in the process . That is for sure , " he says . Bo fashioned himself on China 's fabled leader Mao Zedong . Wang says Bo tried to recreate the Mao era and frightened communist reformers , making new enemies . "  He 's been playing the role of Mao 's successor , " he opines . "  He was visiting PLA camps and giving the soldiers Mao 's bust as a gift . "  None of the other politicians has ever done that . I think it has been a huge misjudgment of Bo . Going back to Mao 's path is definitely not an option . That has proven to be a dead end . Mao led a road to ruin . " This particular path has lead to Bo 's own ruin . His inner circle turned on itself . In February his police chief fled and sought asylum in a United States Consulate . Diplomatic , political and business sources now paint a picture of a man fearing for his life after linking Bo 's own wife to the murder of a British businessman . Neil Heywood was a fixer . He linked British firms with Chinese companies . He even did some work for a firm run by former British spies . Heywood , who was married to a Chinese woman , then befriended Bo and his wife Gu Kailai . Somewhere it all allegedly went sour . Rumors now abound , each more sensational and lurid than the last , and equally hard to substantiate . But they are explosive : now police suspect Bo 's wife had Heywood killed . "  It 's said in the official report that Gu was involved in the murder of Heywood . As for her motive , I think it 's either struggling over financial interests or disagreements related to their personal affair , " Wang says . "  It somehow became impossible for Gu to end this relationship with Heywood . My guess is both factors exist . They were involved both financially and romantically . " Intimate relations , suspected murder , political intrigue : all of it leading to a hotel on the outskirts of Chongqing . CNN gained access and found a place well past its glory days . Stained walls and bedrooms with worn bedding and chipped furniture . But from this rundown hotel , to the corridors of the Great Hall of the People , the downfall of Bo and his wife is not just about a family in disgrace . Wang , the man who wo n't keep quiet , says China has glimpsed its future . On the one hand , a return to Mao 's cultural revolution with Bo personally pushing a hard line rule . On the other , greater freedom and reform , a government more responsive to the people with protection for all under the law . One leader has fallen , but Wang says China may have taken big steps to saving itself in the process .	Wang Kang is personally familiar with the people at the center of the Bo Xilai scandal Bo was widely tipped to be a future president of China He says Bo 's crackdown in Chongqing went too far , with torture commonplace Wang : Demise of Chongqing party chief may be good for China itself
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a key congressional voice on national security , announced Friday that he will not run for reelection this year . The Michigan Republican made the announcement on Detroit 's WJR radio station , saying he will host a syndicated radio program that will talk about national security issues and other news of the day . "  I had a career before politics and always planned to have one after , " Rogers said in a statement . "  The genius of our institutions is they are not dependent on the individual temporary occupants privileged to serve . That is why I have decided not to seek re - election to Congress in 2014 . " Rogers , who has held a seat in Congress for more than a decade and is close to House Speaker John Boehner , has been a staunch supporter of National Security Agency surveillance programs , which came under fire after leaks by Edward Snowden publicly disclosed their sweeping nature . This week , he and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee -- came up with a plan for ending the NSA 's sweeping collection of bulk telephone records . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Rogers has said in the past that the phone and electronic surveillance programs were not abused and has stridently criticized Snowden , a former NSA contractor . He also has acknowledged public worries about government storage of surveillance data . "  That 's really what we 're trying to do here is alleviate that concern that there could be abuse in the future of these programs , " Rogers said recently . Authorization for those programs expires on Friday , but President Barack Obama is expected to seek their temporarily renewal while Congress works on reform legislation , a senior administration official said . Rogers is also a favorite of Sunday public affairs programming on which he frequently criticizes Obama . He joins a cadre of House members not seeking reelection in November , but his seat in the 8th Congressional District is still considered relatively safe for Republicans . But the Rothenberg Political Report and the Cook Political Report shifted their analysis of the district from "  likely Republican " to "  lean Republican " for the November election following Rogers ' announcement . Democrats sought to tie together Rogers and Boehner . "  Senior Republican committee chairmen continue to flee John Boehner 's broken Congress rather than defend their indefensible record of siding with special interests over middle class families that has earned them record low approval ratings , " Rep. Steve Israel of New York who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Rogers became a key figure in developing U.S. national security policy , informed by his experience as an Army officer and FBI special agent . U.S. , other powers kick Russia out of G8 "  Mike has spent his entire life ensuring our country has been kept safe from threats both foreign and domestic , " National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden said in a statement . "  He never once let partisan politics stand in the way of doing what 's right for our nation and its safety . I ca n't think of anyone who enjoys more respect from both Republicans and Democrats alike . " Before Rogers became chairman , he issued an Intelligence Committee report "  on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , authored a bill to protect against chemical and biological threats , and co-authored legislation reauthorizing the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , " his Intelligence Committee biography said . "  Mike Rogers is as solid as they come -- one of those patriots willing to go to the wall to keep the American people safe , no matter the strain or sacrifice , " Boehner said in a statement . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Tom Cohen , Lisa Desjardins and John Helton contributed to this report .	Rogers is considered an important congressional voice on national security He is chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Rogers just recently backed a plan ending the NSA collection of bulk phone records
CNN  -- Microsoft 's search engine Bing is copying results from Google , the dominant search engine on the internet , has claimed . Suspicious of their new rival , Google engineers set up random results on their site for a series of unlikely search terms , such as "  hiybbprqag . "  Google arranged for the nonsense word to point to a Los Angeles theater seating plan on its search engine . "  Within a couple weeks of starting this experiment , our inserted results started appearing in Bing , " Google said in a statement on its official blog Tuesday . Google said it welcomed honest competition , but sneered at Bing 's "  recycled search results from a competitor . " Bing did not deny that it took Google into account when producing its own search results , but suggested they were only one factor among many . They also accused Google in turn of a "  spy-novelesque stunt " that would only affect very unusual search terms . "  We use over 1,000 different signals and features in our ranking algorithm , " Bing vice president Harry Shum said Tuesday , referring to the mathematical code that search engines use to choose their results . Each company develops its own search algorithms , and the quality of the results depends on them , making them the key to a search engine 's effectiveness . Bing gets "  a small piece " of the data for its algorithm "  from some of our customers , who opt-in to sharing anonymous data as they navigate the web in order to help us improve the experience for all users , " Shum said , saying many internet companies used "  collective intelligence " gathered online the same way . He shrugged off Google 's sting as "  a creative tactic by a competitor , and we 'll take it as a back-handed compliment . " Google had more than 70 % of the U.S. search engine market as of the end of August , when it started running its sting , according to Experian Hitwise , which monitors web traffic . Bing had just under 10 % . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The search giant set up random results for odd searches to catch its rival Google 's results started showing up on Bing "  within weeks , " it says Bing does n't deny using Google results but suggests they are one factor among many Bing is "  recycling , " Google says ; Bing shoots back that Google ran a "  stunt "
CNN  -- Collections of beautifully shot images of people 's passions -- food , fashions , architecture , etc. -- helped make Pinterest a hit . Now Houzz , the interior-design platform , is turning similar photos into extremely popular mobile apps that tap into the home improvement craze . At its core , Houzz is an addictive , never-ending gallery of luscious images of home interiors and exteriors . Its website and apps are popular resources for people who idly dream of redoing their homes or moving into new ones . Home improvement and design , both the real and daydream variety , is a hot industry right now . Just look at the glut of home improvement and house-flipping shows that fill up channels such as HGTV . The home improvement product market is expected to hit $ 287 billion in 2013 , according to the Home Improvement Research Institute . Houzz gently guides people through the process . You begin by looking at bathrooms , graduate to having a scrapbook of dream bathrooms , then read the Houzz tutorials on bathroom renovation and eventually hire someone through its directory or local experts on bathroom renovation . "  Many times people start on the inspiration side but end up taking actions because of that , " said Houzz founder Adi Tatarko . "  People became very obsessed with it . " Tatarko and her husband , Alon Cohen , were working full time and raising their two children in the Bay Area when they started a home renovation project four years ago . They had difficulty finding professionals and found that contractors too had their own frustrations with customers expecting too much . "  There was lots of miscommunication in the process , " Tatarko said . The couple started Houzz in 2009 as a side project , but the next year it went from a hobby to a full-fledged business . The Palo Alto , California-based company now has 120 employees , and its iOS app has more than 100,000 five-star reviews in the Apple App Store . Every month , 15 million people search Houzz by room , style or metro area -- more than half through a smartphone or tablet . The company has a library of more than 2 million images . The sheer volume of photos housed in Houzz means you can spend hours drilling down into your particular project , say , ideas for Mediterranean-style storage closets in Austin , Texas . Browsing high-resolution photos is the initial draw . You can save favorites into Ideabooks for later -- for example , a selection of outdoor wall gardens or midcentury modern living room chairs in a particular shade of yellow . But for Houzz , the money comes when people take action . Interior designers , contractors and architects upload many of the images . There are more than 250,000 such professionals active on Houzz . What makes the app more than just pretty pictures is the information that goes with each image . You can click to see the companies and people who worked on a project , ask questions about how they did certain things or where to find furniture or other products . The people who post images are good about providing answers . There also is a directory of professionals with reviews , sort of an Angie 's List but with splashier visuals . Going local is a key part of Houzz 's business . If you see a dreamy spread in a magazine such as Dwell , the information disclosing who worked on a house is only useful if you live in that area . Houzz shows examples of work from people close enough to hire , divided into 425 metro areas . A Houzz survey  PDF  of 100,000 people found that 84 % of respondents were planning to decorate or redecorate , 40 % were considering remodeling or building an addition , and 10 % were planning on building a custom home . Online tools are an increasingly important resource for the people diving into these projects and the professionals hoping to get their business . Also , 18 % of people said they were renovating to incorporate new technologies into their homes . While free to users , Houzz is making money from brand-name partnerships with big companies such as Kohler and Nest , and through a subscription marketing program for professionals . Investors said they are confident the company will be profitable -- it 's raised $ 48.6 million in funding so far . Tatarko said she hopes Houzz will help more people jump from fantasizing about home improvement to picking up a hammer themselves or a phone to reach someone who uses hammers professionally . "  Our homes are a very significant part of our lives , " she said . "  I think it  home improvement  was just so hard before , so people just stayed away from it . "	Houzz caters to people who like photos of beautiful homes and dream of improvement projects Houzz 's sites and apps attract 15 million users a month It draws people in with stunning photos and adds how-to guides and reviews of professionals
Washington  CNN  -- The Army 's inspector general has completed an initial review into the circumstances surrounding comments by former Gen. Stanley McChrystal and his staff that appeared in Rolling Stone magazine , Army spokesman Col. Tom Collins told CNN . The interview resulted in President Barack Obama firing the general , who was in charge of military operations in Afghanistan . The Army 's portion of the investigation is complete , Collins said , and the results have been forwarded to the inspector general for the Defense Department . Although Collins would not comment , typically when a report is sent for a higher-level review by the Defense Department it is an indication that people from other services or civilians may be cited for wrongdoing . Usually , inspector general reports that conclude there has been wrongdoing turn that information over to whichever part of the military has jurisdiction over the individuals involved . Collins emphasized that "  there is no indication of any pending actions against Gen. McChrystal . "	Report is sent to the Defense Department 's inspector general Sending the report to a higher level could indicate others will be cited McChrystal lost his job after he and staff members made comments to Rolling Stone
The investigation into the actions of former NFL tight end Aaron Hernandez , who is accused of killing friend Odin Lloyd , has turned to Hernandez 's fiancee as law enforcement searches for the .45 caliber gun used in the slaying . Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park on June 17 , Father 's Day , about a mile from Hernandez 's Massachusetts home . He was shot five times , and the gun has not been found . Prosecutors have accused the former New England Patriot of orchestrating what they call Lloyd 's execution-style slaying . Hernandez , 23 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and is being held without bail . Search warrant affidavits obtained by CNN contain new details about fiancée Shayanna Jenkins . In them , authorities alleged that Hernandez , Jenkins , his cousin Tanya Singleton and Ernest Wallace "  have all made overt attempts to hide evidence , render assistance for suspect to elude law enforcement , and to hinder and mislead this investigation . " Shayanna Jenkins has not been charged in connection with the investigation , and lawyers representing her fiancé , Hernandez , have not responded to requests for comment . Official : Lake search did n't turn up weapon Wallace has been charged with accessory after the fact to murder . The documents indicate investigators became suspicious of Shayanna Jenkins after they spoke with her sister Shaneah Jenkins . Shaneah Jenkins was Lloyd 's girlfriend . The court papers describe the following allegations : The day after Lloyd 's body was found , Shaneah Jenkins told authorities she was with her sister , Shayanna , and two uncles at Hernandez 's home . During that time , Shaneah Jenkins said she saw her sister go into the basement with an empty trash bag . Shayanna asked Shaneah to borrow her car and had a cell phone "  communication " with Hernandez . The women 's uncle told Shayanna that "  Mr. Hernandez wanted weapons taken out of the house " and told Shaneah that weapons "  were discarded into ` the woods . ' " Did Hernandez store guns in a box after killing ? The documents go on to describe a mysterious , if not cryptic , text message obtained by investigators from Hernandez to his fiancée that allegedly read : "  Go back in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u  sic  were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv Imao WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " "  TTYL " is common shorthand for "  talk to you later . " According to the court papers , Jenkins allegedly answers : "  ok-that was awful ... Perfect tv ... Love u. " About an hour later , a home surveillance video shows Jenkins leaving the house carrying something "  rigid " and "  consistent to a lock box or safe " placed inside a garbage bag and covered with clothing , according to the documents . Police state Jenkins drove away and returned an hour later , but she was not carrying the "  rigid " item back into the house . Prosecutors have said no lock box was found in the home . A search of a rented storage unit in Bristol , Connecticut , allegedly paid for by Hernandez , did not locate the weapon used to kill Lloyd , according to law enforcement officials . Singleton , Hernandez ' cousin , remained jailed on a contempt of court charge for failing to cooperate with a grand jury , according to two law enforcement sources . Grand jury indictments are expected in the case as early as next week , officials have said . Hernandez responds from jail to fan letter	Search warrant : Aaron Hernandez 's fiancee and others have tried "  to hide evidence " Papers : Shayanna Jenkins carried something like "  a lock box or safe " from house Jenkins has not been charged in connection with Odin Lloyd 's June death Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge in Lloyd 's killing
CNN  -- On Monday night , CNN 's Larry King had an exclusive interview with actor George Clooney , who returned from the strife-torn Darfur region of Sudan and just finished meeting with Vice President Joe Biden . George Clooney , left , talks with Vice President Joe Biden at the White House on Monday . King spoke with the activist actor live from the White House on the humanitarian crisis Clooney says we must confront , along with getting a couple of tidbits about what 's next for Clooney 's acting career . The following is a partial transcript , edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : We begin with George Clooney , the Oscar-winning actor and activist . He 's traveled to Darfur at the refugee camps near the Sudan/Chad border last week and met with Vice President -LSB- Joe -RSB- Biden today . He 's standing , as you see , in front of the White House , where it 's 12 degrees . And we thank him for doing this , because he 's freezing to death . George Clooney : I should have worn an overcoat tonight . King : You have no coat on ? Clooney : No -- and no pants either ... King : Well , you 've always been a little strange , George . Anyway , you met with the vice president today about Darfur . What did you tell him ? Clooney : Basically , we were just talking about coming back from Chad , right on the border of Darfur . And we were talking about there 's a moment coming up relatively soon , probably by the middle of next week , where the International Criminal Court is going to indict the president of Sudan for war crimes , which has never happened before -- a sitting president . And we talked about this being an opportunity , perhaps , not just for the United States , but all of us together to work with the international community in a real diplomatic effort to try and bring some sort of peace to this region . King : What scale of interest did Biden show ? Clooney : Vice President Biden has been incredibly vocal on the issue . We had a long talk about the idea of , first and foremost , appointing a high level , full-time envoy that reports directly to the White House so that it 's not just temporary . We need somebody working on this , you know , every day -- getting up every morning with their sole job to find peace in the area . King : What did you see last week ? Clooney : It was rough . You know , it 's always rough over there . You feel terrible for them . They 're hanging on by a thread . We saw an awful lot of fear . There was -LSB- also -RSB- a tremendous amount of hope . You know , there was a lot of hope that these indictments and this new administration are going to be able to help move the international community toward toward a real peace . King : How do you handle just meeting with these people and seeing this tragedy ? Personally , how do you handle it ? Clooney : I could tell you a million stories about how it actually affects you personally . But I do n't think people should be going there and coming back and saying how it affected them . I think somehow we should all know that these people are hanging on by the skin of their teeth . King : Was your safety in jeopardy ? Clooney : Oh , you 're talking about the U.N. story . King : Yes . What , they pulled your security , right ? Clooney : I was never in jeopardy . I was with journalists who wanted to go into some areas that were n't particularly safe . And we decided that we would go . And that was n't necessarily part of what the U.N. was looking to do . And so we just went on our own . It was fine . I wanted to say something , also , Larry , which I forgot to say about what I just did today . I delivered 250,000 postcards signed by people all across the country who wanted to help give some political capital to and remind this administration of how important this issue is . It was from the Save Darfur people . But it 's from all across the country . And we 're probably going to have another 700,000 by the end of the week . King : What specifically , George , do you want Secretary of State Clinton and the administration to do ? Clooney : It does n't appear that the United States is going to send troops in or that the U.N. Is going to send in an army to do this . What it really means is that we 're going to need diplomacy . And diplomacy has to start and it has to be aggressive and it has to start soon . We have an opportunity here . King : One other quick thing . Are you going to be in the final presentation of "  E.R. ? " Clooney : Actually , I 'm doing a remake of "  Friends , " which -- I did n't want to break the news . King : Oh , my gosh . Clooney : I 'm going be playing the Jennifer Aniston role . King : I 'm thrilled for you , George . Clooney : Thank you . It 's a career move . It 's a choice . King : Are you going to be in "  E.R. ? " Clooney : I am . I 'm in the last episode with Susan Sarandon and Julianna Margulies . So it should be fun . King : Thanks , George . Get out of the cold . Clooney : Thank you . It 's good to talk to you .	CNN 's Larry King talks with George Clooney about his trip to see Darfur refugees Clooney meets with Vice President Joe Biden , urges aggressive U.S. diplomacy Actor on Darfur refugees : "  They 're hanging on by a thread " Clooney says he 'll be back on "  E.R. " for final episode of long-running series
London  CNN  -- Two former personal assistants to celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi splashed out on luxury goods on company credit cards , a court heard Thursday . The former assistants , Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo , are accused of fraud . They deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds from the couple . The first witness , Rahul Gajjar , an accountant for Saatchi , told the court in west London that Francesca had 64,336.97 pounds  $ 104,500  in expenses on her company credit card in June 2012 . Among the expenses were purchases from designer labels Prada , Miu Miu , Louis Vuitton and Chloe as well as hotel bills and plane tickets . The court heard that Francesca 's average monthly expenditures were 48,000 pounds and Elisabetta 's were 28,000 pounds , whereas other personal assistants for Saatchi , a well-known art collector , spent 8,000 pounds or less a month . Gajjar said he noticed the sisters ' credit card balances had changed at the beginning of 2012 . Their average monthly expenditures were previously between 10,000 pounds and 20,000 pounds a month , he said . He was more concerned about Francesca 's balance because it was higher , he said -- reaching about 40,000 pounds "  on a regular basis . " The prosecutor asked why he did not raise the matter with Saatchi and Lawson immediately , but Gajjar said he put it "  on the back burner " because other matters were more pressing . "  We were dealing with more corporate matters -- more serious corporate matters -- and Mr. Saatchi and Miss Lawson normally did n't have time for what we thought were trivial matters , " Gajjar said . The sisters were expected to make purchases for the family on the company credit card , he said , as part of their job helping the couple with personal and work-related matters . He said they had a close relationship with Lawson and Saatchi and regularly accompanied the family on holiday . After an investigation revealed the sisters ' alleged personal spending , Gajjar said he met with them in July 2012 to discuss the situation . The sisters , who did n't have any housing expenses , initially said they were "  happy to start paying back " what they had spent on themselves , he said . However , they then rejected the offer and complained of their treatment , he said . Saatchi 's testimony had been expected to follow that of Gajjar , who has been finance director of the Saatchi Gallery Group , part of the multimillionaire art dealer 's Conarco Partnership , since June 2002 . However , it became clear there would not be time for Saatchi to take the stand before proceedings finished for the day . Saatchi is expected to testify Friday . Drugs use allegations Isleworth Crown Court heard at a pretrial hearing for the sisters this week that Lawson and Saatchi had a "  culture of secrecy " around their marriage . In the hearing , the defense read an e-mail from Saatchi to Lawson about the allegedly embezzled money , saying the assistants would "  get off " because , he wrote , Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Representatives for Lawson declined to comment on the allegations , citing the ongoing court proceedings . The defense also read a statement from Saatchi saying he learned of Lawson 's alleged drug use in June , around the time the couple were photographed in a restaurant having an argument . In the photos -- which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers at the time -- Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . The defense alleged that the e-mails showed both Saatchi and Lawson had attempted a "  manipulation of the court " and that the case should be thrown out . The judge ruled the trial would proceed . The prosecution told the court Wednesday that the two sisters spent some 685,000 pounds  $ 1.1 million  on company credit cards over the course of four years , according to UK media reports . The pretrial hearing had heard allegations the two sisters had spent a lesser amount , about 300,000 pounds , on luxuries . On Wednesday , Lawson tweeted out a recipe , saying it was in thanks for her supporters . "  Holiday Hotcake : the perfect recipe to show thanks for all your support & to those who hashtag #teamNigella , " she wrote . Lawson , whose culinary skills have long entranced UK audiences , has also appeared as a judge on ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January . Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Testimony from Charles Saatchi , Nigella Lawson 's ex-husband , is expected Friday Sisters spent money on luxury goods , accountant for Charles Saatchi says Lawson 's reps have declined to comment on drug use allegations made in court The couple 's former assistants deny embezzling large sums of money
CNN  -- The ex-wife of a Texas convict executed in 2004 for the deaths of his three children reaffirmed her belief in his guilt Wednesday as his relatives sought to open a new inquiry into the case . The family of Cameron Todd Willingham has asked a judge to posthumously clear his name , arguing that he was put to death based on "  junk science . " Though Willingham was executed in 2004 for killing his three daughters by setting fire to his house , subsequent investigations by outside experts have concluded that the fire that killed the girls should not have been ruled arson . Willingham 's ex-wife , Stacy Kuykendall , has kept a low profile throughout the debate over his execution . But she told reporters outside the Travis County courthouse in Austin that "  I am here to make sure that my daughters ' voices are heard . " "  Todd murdered Amber , Karmon and Kameron . He burnt them , " she said . "  He admitted he burnt them to me , and he was convicted for his crime . That is the closest to justice that my daughters will ever get . " Kuykendall spoke before an Austin judge opened a hearing into the Willingham 's family 's request for an inquiry into the execution . But inside the courtroom , prosecutors from the town of Corsicana -- where the 1991 fire took place -- forced a delay in the proceedings by challenging the impartiality of District Judge Charlie Baird and asking him to recuse himself . Baird told lawyers he will issue a decision on that request next week , said Gerry Goldstein , a lawyer representing Willingham 's stepmother , Eugenia Willingham , and cousin Patricia Cox . Goldstein pointed out that Kuykendall has told differing stories about whether her former husband ever admitted his guilt in the fatal fire , and criticized death-penalty supporters for "  parading her on the courthouse steps while they 're inside trying to stop proceedings . " "  What possible harm could there be to their side to have this aired in court ? " he asked . Also representing the family is The Innocence Project , led by nationally known defense lawyer Barry Scheck . Lowell Thompson , the district attorney for Navarro County , which includes Corsicana , did not return a phone call seeking comment Wednesday . In asking Baird to open a "  court of inquiry " into the execution , Willingham 's family argues that he was put to death for a crime "  that modern science reveals may never have been committed . " State officials failed to act on evidence of "  significant deficiencies " in the finding of arson at the heart of the case before the execution , and have "  continued to resist attempts to clear Mr. Willingham 's name , " their petition states . "  If we can get a hearing before him or any other fair judge , we 're going to go ahead , " Goldstein said . The Texas Forensic Science Commission is investigating claims that state fire marshals ruled the fatal blaze arson based on outdated or faulty science . The first of three reports to reach that conclusion was sent to Gov. Rick Perry 's office and submitted to appeals courts before Willingham 's execution , while two others were conducted after his death . "  Despite overwhelming scientific evidence , state officials have continued to demonize Mr. Willingham and defend the arson evidence on which he and others have been convicted , " the family 's petition states . The Forensic Science Commission was to hear from the author of the most recent of those reports in October 2009 . But the panel 's deliberations were put off after Perry -- who allowed the execution to go forward -- abruptly shook up the panel , spurring complaints from the Willingham family and allegations that Perry was trying to head off the potential admission that Texas had put an innocent man to death . In July , the commission found that arson investigators used flawed science but were not negligent and did not commit misconduct . A spokeswoman for the governor 's office told CNN on Tuesday that Perry , who allowed the execution to go forward , remains convinced of Willingham 's guilt . And Corsicana authorities have said that evidence beyond the testimony of state fire marshals supported Willingham 's conviction . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	"  Todd murdered Amber , Karmon and Kameron , " Stacy Kuykendall says Challenge to judge delays new effort to clear dead man 's name 3 independent reviews have criticized the case against Willingham
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict appointed 22 new cardinals at the Vatican on Saturday , with his choices for the lofty role likely to influence who will be appointed as the next pontiff . The Vatican named the new cardinals last month , but they were officially inducted by the pontiff in a special ceremony at St. Peter 's Basilica . Among those to be elevated to the College of Cardinals are New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan , cementing his standing as the top Catholic in the United States , and Archbishop Edwin F. O'Brien of Baltimore . Others include Archbishop Thomas Collins , from Toronto , as well as the Bishop of Hong Kong , John Tong Hon , and Major Archbishop George Alencherry from India Senior clerics from Germany , the Netherlands , the Czech Republic , Romania and Brazil are also represented , as well as several from Italy . The College of Cardinals was established in 1150 . Its main role is to advise the current Pope and pick his successor . "  This is the most exclusive club in the Catholic Church , " said John Allen , CNN 's Vatican analyst . "  In many cases , you also become , at least informally , a candidate to be the next pope , because the next pope will almost certainly come from the roughly 120 cardinals under the age of 80 . " Once a cardinal reaches 80 , he is no longer able to participate in the election of the pope or enter the secret conclave where cardinals gather when the time comes to select the next pope , typically upon the prior pope 's death . The new cardinals each professed their faith and swore an oath of obedience to Pope Benedict and his successors during Saturday 's ceremony , called the Consistory , at the Vatican . They then walked one by one to the pontiff and knelt in front of him to receive the traditional red hat , or "  biretta , " and gold ring , and a document with the name of the cardinal 's titular church in Rome . In his address , Benedict said that in joining the College of Cardinals , the clerics would "  be united with new and stronger bonds not only to the Roman Pontiff but also to the entire community of the faithful spread throughout the world . " Emphasizing the importance of service over self-interest , the pontiff said the red of the cardinals ' hats was symbolic of the ultimate sacrifice they would make if required . "  The new cardinals are entrusted with the service of love : love for God , love for his Church , an absolute and unconditional love for his brothers and sisters , even unto shedding their blood , if necessary , as expressed in the words of placing the biretta and as indicated by the color of their robes , " he said . Pope Benedict also announced seven new saints , including the first Native American saint , a 17th-Century Mohawk woman called Kateri , or Catherine , Tekakwitha , who was a Catholic convert . Existing members of the College of Cardinals and the new cardinals-elect came together for a day of prayer and reflection Friday , in preparation for the ceremony , according to the Holy See Press Office . Dolan addressed the gathering on the subject of evangelization , saying there was a need to challenge a growing secularization of society . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi , Livia Borghese and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope Benedict inducts 22 new cardinals at a ceremony at St. Peter 's Basilica NEW : The pontiff announces seven new saints , including the first Native American saint The cardinals come from around the world , including the United States , Canada and India The College of Cardinals advises the current pope and eventually selects his successor
CNN  -- Firefighters in Texas worked Monday to contain fast-moving wildfires that had destroyed at least 60 homes , burned more than 130,000 acres , and caused an accident that killed a 5-year-old child , state forestry officials said . The fires broke out about noon on Sunday , said Lewis Kearney , a spokesman for the forest service 's Texas State Lone Star Incident Management Team . Officials believe many were started by power lines that fell from high winds . Since Sunday , forestry officials , who were called in to assist local fire departments , responded to 63 fires covering 132,854 acres , the Texas Forest Service said on its website . Most of the fires were across the Texas Panhandle , Kearney said . Potter County Sheriff Brian Thomas said a 61,000-acre fire in his county was ignited when a man cut pipe with a metal grinder in high wind Sunday . Austin Lynn Stephens , 52 , was arrested and charged with criminal trespass because he was on private property when he was using the grinder . Firefighters battled blazes in a dozen other counties including a 35,000-acre fire in Matador West in Motley County , and a 21,000-acre fire in Andrews County . They also fought fires in the counties of Haskell , Tom Green , Randall , Howard , Midland , Scurry , Motley , Crockett , Mitchell and Eastland . Crews that worked through the night to douse the flames got a little help from the weather Monday . The wind that propelled the fires was somewhat calmer , although it was still breezy and parts of the area remained under a fire-weather watch . Kearney said Sunday 's high winds made it difficult for firefighters to use aircraft to battle the blaze . Interstate 20 was shut down for several hours Sunday after heavy smoke from the fires limited visibility . Authorities in Midland County responded to numerous accidents along the highway , including an eight-vehicle crash in which a little girl died , according to Sgt. Pete Cordova . One wildfire destroyed a dog kennel near Amarillo , said Capt. Wes Hall of the Amarillo Fire Department . Authorities were trying to account Monday for the animals missing or dead after the fire tore through the Willow Creek Kennel . Firefighters were able to open cages to free at least some of the dogs before the flames overtook the facility . As many as 27 homes were destroyed in the area and "  the fire was on the kennel in a matter of minutes , " employee Chance Smith said , adding he did not have an exact number of dogs lost . In the community of Matador , north of Lubbock , families could do nothing but watch as their homes burned to the ground . The Segovias had n't been gone 20 minutes when they returned to a panic-stricken neighborhood and found they had lost everything they owned . "  To know everything you worked so hard for , it 's all gone , " a tearful Juan Segovia told CNN affiliate KCBD . He and his wife , Rosemary , stared in disbelief at the blaze . The family of seven is without a home , but grateful for what was not lost . "  I 'm glad our family was n't home when it happened , " Rosemary Segovia said before falling into her husband 's arms . "  That 's all I care about is I have my family . " One firefighter sustained second-degree burns battling a blaze near Colorado City , where a nursing home had to be evacuated before the fast moving flames swept through . And a Potter County sheriff 's deputy narrowly escaped the flames while searching homes after a mandatory evacuation was ordered for the Mesilla Park area . Deputy Kevin Parvin entered a home as the flames were bearing down on the neighborhood , Thomas said , and by the time he left the home , the smoke was so thick he could n't find his patrol car . Parvin had left the car running , and he followed the sound of a squeaking engine belt to find it and radio for assistance , Thomas said . He was treated for minor smoke inhalation . No other injuries were reported . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	Man accused of sparking one fire with a metal grinder More than 130,000 acres have burned in 63 fires in Texas , the state forest service says At least one fatality is reported from fire , according to authorities Calmer winds may help firefighters , forestry officials say
The undersea mapping of the main search area for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has found small parts of the ocean floor that are harder than the surrounding rock , but the objects detected are unlikely to be man-made , Australian authorities said Friday . Ships have been surveying tens of thousands of square kilometers of the bottom of the southern Indian Ocean as search officials prepare for the next phase of the hunt for the passenger jet , which disappeared nearly six months ago with 239 people on board . The mapping is necessary because the area of ocean , far off the Western Australian coast , is so remote that its depth and seafloor terrain were largely unknown before the search for the plane drew attention to it . The maps will help the search crews as they deploy underwater vehicles and scanning devices to look for wreckage from Flight 370 . The search efforts in the 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone are expected to begin this month and last up to a year . Australian geoscientists have been analyzing the data gathered during the mapping survey , in part to gauge the hardness of the ocean floor -- whether it 's hard rock , soft rock or silt . "  We have detected a number of areas where there are small areas that are relatively harder than the surrounding rock . There 's multiple detections of this sort , " said Martin Dolan , chief commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which is overseeing the underwater search . "  It 's unlikely to be a man-made object , much more likely to be a geological formation , " Dolan told CNN . "  Nevertheless , we will feed all this information into our overall planning of our search of the priority areas for the location of MH370 . " Dolan first referred to the hard areas of the ocean floor in comments reported by The Times of London . The areas are inside the priority search zone , he told CNN , but he was n't able to say how big they were . Adjustments to search area Dolan also said Friday that search officials are likely to make adjustments to the main search zone once their team of international experts has finished refining its analysis of satellite data related to the missing plane . "  We may end up with some areas that extend beyond the priority orange zone , " he said , referring to the area where officials have said MH370 is most likely to have gone down . Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said last week that areas in the southern part of the search zone may be of particular interest . The revised analysis is based on an improved understanding of how a ground station in Australia was handling the satellite signal 's frequency , Dolan said Friday . "  We remain fully committed to finding the missing aircraft , and although it 's taken us a long time to get there , we 're at a point where we 've completed almost all the planning work and can move to the operation phase of the underwater search , " he said . The search is scheduled to start late this month , and all the assets involved will be operational in early October . Flight 370 dropped off radar on March 8 , en route from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing . No debris of the Boeing 777 has been found , and officials do n't know why it flew off course . After it lost radar contact , the plane continued to communicate periodically with a satellite system , providing experts with data they say shows it flew south into the Indian Ocean .	Mapping of the search zone has detected particularly hard areas of seafloor But these areas are "  unlikely " to be man-made objects , a senior Australian official says They are "  much more likely to be a geological formation , " he says Officials probably will make adjustments to the priority search area
CNN  -- The sparkling blue waters of Hawaii run through Jack Johnson 's veins like lifeblood . As his fans know , the superstar singer-songwriter was born and raised in America 's 50th state . The island 's rich volcanic soil grounds him , and its rolling white surf beckons to him each and every morning -- just as it did to his dad and brothers while they were growing up on Oahu 's pristine North Shore . "  Lately , I 've been motivated to take my kids surfing , and just do their homework with them and things like that , " Johnson told CNN . "  I 've been having fun with that . Those are the things that bring me songs . " Protecting the Aloha State 's natural resources has been a mission for Johnson and his wife , Kim , for the past nine years . In 2003 , they founded the nonprofit Kokua Hawaii Foundation to raise eco-awareness in the area 's public schools . "  We started with the "  Three R 's " recycling program -- Reduce , Reuse , Recycle -- and it grew from there , " he said . "  Now we have several programs . We do a lot of plastic-free initiatives , trying to get kids to bring their own bags and water bottles . Things like that . " Over the past eight years , the multiplatinum artist has headlined a half-dozen music festivals in Hawaii to fund the organization . He 's been joined onstage by an impressive list of famous friends , from Eddie Vedder , Dave Matthews and Ben Harper to Willie Nelson , Jackson Browne and Ziggy and Damian Marley . It 's a casual , acoustic affair with an electric trolley shuttle , bike valets and biodegradable eating utensils . Popular local musicians such as Paula Fuga , John Cruz and ukelele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro give the bill a distinctly Hawaiian flavor . Now some of those memorable performances have been compiled into a 13-track live album called "  Jack Johnson and Friends -- Best of Kokua Festival . " All of the proceeds to go the Kokua Hawaii Foundation . "  It 's nice to know that we are all coming together to raise money for the kids in Hawaii , for the schools , for these environmental programs , " says Johnson . "  But at the same time , it 's such a special night for me to be able to be onstage with these people . So it 's a win-win for me . "	Jack Johnson has released a live album , "  Jack Johnson and Friends -- Best of Kokua Festival " It includes performances with Eddie Vedder , Dave Matthews , Willie Nelson , Ziggy and Damian Marley Proceeds to go the Kokua Hawaii Foundation to fund eco-friendly programs for children
In the latest volley in the ongoing battle over Florida voter lists , the Justice Department has sent a letter stating it will take legal action against the state , citing violations of voting rights laws . "  Because the State has indicated its unwillingness to comply with these requirements , I have authorized the initiation of an enforcement action against Florida in federal court , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for civil rights . Read the Justice Department 's letter The lawsuit comes after the department began questioning the legality of the state 's so-called voter purge program , which would remove names from Florida 's voter rolls months before the 2012 presidential election , when Florida will play a key role as a battleground state with a large chunk of electoral votes . Florida 's move to eliminate non-eligible voters from its lists began after the state 's Republican governor , Rick Scott , pressed the state to identify non-U.S. citizens who had registered to vote illegally . Using information from Florida 's Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles , the state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters that could potentially be on the lists illegally . Critics say the plan unfairly targets minorities and paint it as an attempt to dissuade typically Democratic voters from going to the polls . While the Justice Department notes that states can legally remove non-eligible voters from their lists , the letter Monday argues that the Florida program does not comply with legal standards , has "  critical imperfections , which lead to errors that harm and confuse eligible voters . " The letter states that the Florida program improperly uses the information collected from old driver 's license applications . "  The information is often going to be outdated , as a number of persons will subsequently have become citizens and lawfully registered to vote , " Perez wrote . It also suggests that the removal process has been going on during a "  90-day quiet period " prior to the August 14 primary election . "  Please immediately cease this unlawful conduct , " the letter states . Florida Gov. Rick Scott , a Republican , told Fox News Monday that the state plans to sue the Department of Homeland Security to get access to the federal citizenship database so that it can better determine who is voting legally . "  I have a job to do to defend legitimate voters of our state , " Scott said on Fox News . Three of the state 's largest counties -- Miami-Dade , Broward and Palm Beach -- agreed last week to end the removal of the names . The legal counsel for Florida 's county election officials recommended halting the purge of names until the state responded to the federal government 's legal assessment . Florida 's Republican-appointed secretary of state , Ken Detzner , has previously defended the state 's practice , slamming the federal government for restricting access to federal citizenship databases and saying such a constraint was illegal . "  It is an unfortunate but now undeniable fact that Florida 's voter rolls include individuals who are not citizens of the United States . The Florida Department of State has a solemn obligation to ensure the integrity of elections in this State , " Detzner wrote in the letter last week addressed to T. Christian Herren , head of the Justice Department 's elections unit .	Lawsuit threat comes after Florida began removing non-eligible voters from its voter rolls The state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters Critics say the plan unfairly targets minorities and uses inaccurate information
CNN  -- A suspected arms dealer accused of conspiring to sell weapons to Colombian guerrillas was extradited Friday from Spain to the United States , the U.S. Justice Department said . Kassar is accused of conspiring to sell weapons to FARC rebels . Monzer al Kassar had been wanted for decades before he was arrested in an undercover operation in Spain last year . Justice Department officials say he has been a source of weapons and military equipment for armed combatants since the 1970s . He left Spain aboard a private plane accompanied by U.S. Drug Enforcement Agents and arrived in New York at 11:30 a.m. local time Friday  1530 GMT  , a DEA spokesman said . He is expected to appear before a federal magistrate in Manhattan before the end of the day . Kasser was arrested in Madrid a year ago by Spanish police working with undercover DEA officers posing as members of the FARC . The U.S. accuses Kassar and two other men of conspiring to sell millions of dollars ' worth of weapons to FARC , which the United States has designated a terrorist organization . The weapons included surface-to-air missile systems , rocket-propelled grenade launchers , thousands of machine guns , and millions of rounds of ammunition , according to a federal indictment . A Spanish court last week approved his extradition on four counts , including conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals . The two co-defendants , Tareq Mousa Al Ghazi and Luis Felipe Moreno Godoy , were both previously extradited to New York from Romania to face the same terrorism charges . All three could face life in prison . Kassar had told journalists before he was arrested that he had retired from arms dealing , but the U.S. says he had been involved since the 1970s , providing weapons and military equipment to armed factions in Nicaragua , Cyprus , Bosnia , Croatia , Iran , Iraq , Somalia , and elsewhere . CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this report	U.S. Justice Department says accused arms dealer extradited to the U.S. Monzer al Kassar was arrested in Spain last year U.S. accuses him of trying to sell millions of dollars of weapons to guerrillas He is also accused of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic retained his Miami Masters 1000 title with an emphatic 6-1 7-6 final victory over Britain 's Andy Murray Sunday . The World No. 1 was at his relentless best to avoid a repeat of his defeat to Murray in Dubai last month . The pair had also played an epic semifinal in the Australian Open at the start of the year , Djokovic going on to take the opening grand slam of the season . This was the Serbian 's first title since his Melbourne heroics and his third on the hard courts of Crandon Park . World No. 4 Murray was always on the back foot after losing the opening set , being broken twice and unable to make an impression on the rock solid Djokovic service . Murray fought hard in the second set , clinging on to his own service despite being taken to deuce four times . Djokovic gained the early mini-break in the tiebreak and always kept his nose in front . Murray closed to 3-2 after winning a 25-shot rally with a backhand sliced drop shot , but he double faulted on the next point and Djokovic took full advantage . He closed out the tiebreak and the match as Murray hit long , but admitted after his win that the latter stages of the second set were crucial . "  Andy was very close to winning the second set . The match could have gone either way , " he said in his post-match interview . "  I had opportunities to break in the second set and close out the match quicker but then he might have won it later on . "  I thought I played really well from beginning to end . There were a lot of long rallies and they were tough conditions . " Both players will now return to Europe for the clay court season where Djokovic will be searching for his first French Open title , while Murray will continue his quest for a first grand slam title under new coach Ivan Lendl .	Novak Djokovic retains Miami Masters 1000 title Serb beats Britain 's Andy Murray 6-1 7-6  4  in the final Murray can only force a single break point in the final Djokovic winning for third time at Crandon Park
CNN  -- The end is closer than the beginning . Ron  Rupert Grint , left  , Harry  Daniel Radcliffe , second from right  and Hermione  Emma Watson  in the new film . Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts are now in their sixth year of seven at the school . They 've seen a lot of changes , particularly as the influence of the reawakened Voldemort  that is , He Who Must Not Be Named  has made itself known . And the movie series itself is now nearing its conclusion . "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " which comes out Wednesday , is likewise the sixth movie in the series based on J.K. Rowling 's seven Harry Potter books . There is one benefit to having such history , director David Yates says : Pretty much everybody going to see "  Half-Blood Prince " is familiar with the characters , whether through the books or the movies . "  We made a decision -- we kind of crossed a line , actually , I think , on this movie , where we said , ` You know , this is the sixth one in the series ; it 's the most popular franchise probably in history ; do we stop and explain things to the audience who may have not seen any of the others ? ' And we said ` no , ' " Yates said . "  And you know why ? It 's because they can always go back to DVDs . They can go back to the books . " Indeed , many fans know the books -- and the movies -- backward and forward . Interactive : Harry Potter 101 " The new film reflects the growth of the characters : Harry , the orphaned boy wizard who has been forced to take on responsibilities beyond his youthful years ; Ron Weasley  Rupert Grint  , his red-haired best friend , who is finding depths of courage in himself he was n't aware of ; Hermione Granger  Emma Watson  , the bookish and indispensible member of their clan , who has demonstrated key leadership qualities ; and all the rest , preparing for the showdown with the archvillain Voldemort . Watch the Potter cast answer your questions " Among the returning performers : Michael Gambon as Dumbledore , Alan Rickman as Snape , Maggie Smith as McGonagall , Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort . One addition is Jim Broadbent , who plays Horace Slughorn , a former professor brought back to Hogwarts . Watch the stars at the rainy premiere " Despite the growing darkness , there 's also a lightness to the new film , says Daniel Radcliffe , who plays Harry . Unlike the previous two movies in the series , which were rated PG-13 , this one is rated a more family-friendly PG . "  I think this film 's funnier , " Radcliffe said . "  There are a couple of moments which I laughed out loud at . " Not that it 's going to be a barrel of laughs , Yates cautions .  How could it , with the snake-faced Voldemort growing ever stronger ? "  It is a bit bipolar , " Yates said . "  On the one hand , there 's all this ... romance , and on the other hand , people are getting killed , and bridges are being blown up . " Oh , yes , there 's romance . After all , the main Potter characters are all teenagers now , with all the teenage longings . Potter fans have had their own longings . "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " was scheduled to be released in November but was pushed back to its Wednesday opening after Warner Bros. , Potter 's studio , expressed concerns about putting it out over the holiday season .  Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . Warner Bros. said at the time that the film "  perfectly fills the gap for a major tent-pole release for mid-summer " and added that the delay was also due to "  repercussions " from the 2007-08 writers strike . But fans were n't so easily placated , filling message boards with angry comments and starting petitions that garnered tens of thousands of signatures . Warner Bros. . President Alan Horn was even moved to put out a statement assuring fans that the scheduling change "  was not taken lightly . " Now that the moment is finally at hand , the fans seem to have forgiven the studio . According to Fandango.com , a movie ticket-selling site , "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " is outselling "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen " at the same point in the sales cycle . It 's also in MovieTickets.com 's top 25 advance sellers of all time . Given that "  Transformers " is , by far , the year 's top-grossing film , those tidbits ca n't help but make the studio happy . iReport.com : Seeing the latest "  Potter ? " Share your review The last of Rowling 's Potter books , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " is in production now as two films . That 's given the cast a bit of temporal whiplash when talking about "  Half-Blood Prince , " since they completed it more than a year ago , but they 've been game to talk . After all , they 've come a long way since "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , " way back in 2001 . And they 're aware as anyone of the passage of time -- that they 're closer to the end than the beginning . It 's the kind of situation that leads to sentimental reflections . But Watson , for one , could n't wait to let go of one thing : her school uniform . "  I was like , ` Burn it ! ' " she told Entertainment Weekly . "  Oh , my God , to be done with those shoes and that uniform -- that was an exciting day . "	"  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " comes out Wednesday Film is sixth in the series , has moments of humor amid growing darkness Less back story for this one , director says : Fans can "  go back to DVDs " and books
CNN  -- Rain began falling on the Big Island Thursday afternoon and the winds began to pick up as Hurricane Iselle zeroed in on Hawaii . The outer bands of the storm reached the eastern part of the island , bringing wind gusts as fast as 65 mph . By Thursday , the shelves of many supermarkets were swept bare . Schools and government offices closed . Sandbags were being filled and placed around homes and hotels . Ports were told to close . In Hawaii County , where there is a hurricane warning , 630 people have gone to shelters , Mayor Billy Kenoi told CNN affiliate KHON . Gwendolyn Hill , who operates a bicycle tour on the island , said she normally goes to the store at 5:30 a.m. and is usually the only one there . Not this time . "  People were buying water , rice , toilet paper and Spam , " she said . "  I do n't eat Spam but a lot of people here do and it was going fast . " She said she thought her family was prepared for the storm . They got out the camping gear and had food and water for a week in case the power went out . "  The power goes out fairly often here on the Big Island , so losing power is not really a big deal , " she said . Track the storm The shoppers were preparing for a potentially devastating one-two tropical cyclone punch , starting with Hurricane Iselle , with winds of 75 mph , and Hurricane Julio , a Category 3 storm , about 900 miles behind it . Iselle could bring up to 12 inches of rain , life-threatening storm surges , flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said . They predicted Iselle will weaken somewhat and potentially make landfall late Thursday as a strong tropical storm . Hurricane Julio , churning behind Iselle , could affect the islands two days later , though forecasters expect it to brush the state only with its southern outer bands as it passes to the north as a weakened tropical storm . Customers picked through stores for groceries and other supplies Wednesday night and Thursday morning . At many locations , such as KTA in Waimea , bottled water was sold out , leaving the seller scrambling to get more . "  We 've been on the phone from very early  Wednesday  morning , working with our vendors trying to get more water . It 's been a very difficult situation because everybody is trying to get water , " store manager Colin Miura told CNN affiliate KGMB . Flash flooding on already saturated islands will be a main threat , along with mudslides from some of the mountainous terrain into populated areas . "  Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion , " the Central Pacific Hurricane Center said in its public advisory on Iselle early Thursday . A hurricane warning was in effect for the easternmost populated island , Hawaii , with some of the state 's other islands -- Oahu , Maui , Molokai , Lanai and Kahoolawe -- bracing for tropical storm conditions , with sustained winds of under 73 mph . Even as the storms approached Hawaii , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Thursday it is more confident that the other side of North America will see a below-average tropical cyclone year . NOAA said that there is now a 70 % chance that the number of named storms in the Atlantic this year will be at or below the 30-year average of 12 . NOAA had put the chance at 50 % on May 22 . "  We are more confident that a below-normal season will occur because atmospheric and oceanic conditions that suppress cyclone formation have developed and will persist through the season , " Gerry Bell , lead seasonal forecaster with the NOAA Climate Prediction Center , said . Storm dangers Iselle should bring heavy downpours of 4 to 8 inches over the Big Island ; in isolated spots up to 12 inches , the hurricane center predicts . That could cause rock and mudslides . And it would further saturate the ground in advance of Julio 's arrival with more rain . Also , the storm surge could come on top of high tide , pushing 1 to 2 feet of water onto land , and depending on overlap with tides , could hit isolated areas hard . Ports are taking no chance , and Thursday , the U.S. Coast Guard upped warning levels to signal the storm was nearing . "  All oceangoing commercial vessels and oceangoing barges greater than 200 gross tons are expected to make preparations to leave the ports , " it said . Ships wishing to remain in port are required to file a safe mooring plan A relatively rare event Direct hits are rare for the state . Since the 1950s , only two hurricane eyes have hit Hawaii -- and both approached from the south , where water temperature generally is warm enough to sustain the storms ' strength . Iselle , however , approaches from the east , and it would be the first tropical cyclone from that direction to hit the state since the satellite era began in 1959 , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . That 's not to say Hawaii has n't had close calls . The central Pacific sees an average of about five tropical cyclones a year , and some have brushed the state in recent decades . But Iselle is poised to overcome a number of factors that in recent decades conspired to keep the storms from hitting Hawaii directly or weaken them before they got there . The cyclones generally approach from the east after forming in the eastern Pacific . But close to Hawaii , dry air , cooler water and wind shear combine to weaken approaching cyclones , dissipating them before they can become a significant threat , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . Now , however , the water off Hawaii is warmer than usual , and that could keep Iselle at hurricane strength if it hits Hawaii island as expected Thursday , Petersons said . Hawaii 's most damaging hurricane in recent decades -- Hurricane Iniki of 1992 -- came during an El Nino year , or a year of above-average sea surface temperatures . This year has n't met the criteria for El Nino , but it could in the weeks ahead , Petersons said . Iniki killed at least four people and caused about $ 2 billion in damage when it hit the western Hawaiian island of Kauai , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . School 's out ; elections still on The schools on the Big Island and Maui will be closed Friday as residents assess Iselle 's affect . Some airlines are making concessions to customers ahead of the storms . Hawaiian Airlines moved one flight , to Los Angeles , up by five hours to beat Iselle 's arrival . For people who had been scheduled to travel to or from Hawaii 's airports on Thursday and Friday , United Airlines and Hawaiian Airlines say they wo n't charge fees to change reservations , and they 'll waive differences in fares for those changes . United canceled flights to Hilo and Kona . American Airlines and US Airways also called off flights out of Kona on Thursday , but said it expected Friday 's flight schedule to operate normally . Island Air will do the same for passengers ticketed from Thursday though Tuesday . Delta said it would waive fees for reservation changes for Thursday and Friday , but fare increases could apply . It said two flights had been delayed in leaving the islands . Hawaii 's primary elections will go on as scheduled Saturday , despite the storms , KGMB reported . Local media reported that many turned up for early voting in expectation of severe weather on election day . Others are concerned that voter turnout could be affected . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie has signed an emergency proclamation , his office said . It gives the government access to the state 's disaster funds . CNN 's Taylor Ward , Mariano Castillo , Katia Hetter , Tina Burnside and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	One gust from Hurricane Iselle was measured at 65 mph on the Big Island Hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in Hawaii Julio is tracking north and may just brush the Hawaiian islands Schools in Hawaii and Maui counties were closed Thursday
CNN  -- Flying fashionistas with a thing for the Second Amendment may want to leave their gun-themed purses and other paraphernalia at home , lest they be flagged as a security risk and miss their flights . As she was flying home after the recent holiday weekend , Virginia Gibbs ' gun-themed purse was flagged as a security risk by Transportation Security Administration officials at the Norfolk , Virginia , airport . While Gibbs told CNN affiliate News 4 JAX that she 's carried the purse on many flights , the 17-year-old says she was told that the purse "  was a federal offense because it 's in the shape of a gun . I 'm like , ' a design on a purse . How is it a federal offense ? ' " Purses or belts with gun emblems can fall under a TSA prohibition on replica weapons because they could be mistaken for a real weapon in the X-ray machine or by a fellow passenger . "  Security checkpoints may be impacted or closed because replica weapons like toy guns , novelty grenades , fake bombs and other items appear similar to the real thing when viewed through an X-ray machine , " TSA spokesman Greg Soule said . "  Checkpoint closures cause significant delays , which can be avoided if passengers do n't bring these items to the airport . " By the time TSA officials figured out that the purse was a fake , offering Gibbs the opportunity to give up the purse or check it , Gibbs had missed her flight and was placed on another to Orlando . Her frantic mother drove from Jacksonville to Orlando to pick her daughter up . Gibbs arrived at security 20 minutes before her flight was due to depart , which may have caused her to miss her flight , according to a security official . The TSA says it 's investigating her allegation that the purse has made it through airport security before .	Teen 's gun-themed purse gets flagged by TSA Apparel featuring gun replicas may fall on prohibited items list "  A design on a purse . How is that a federal offense ? " teen asks
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Turn up the music , crack the window -- falling gas prices have flipped on the road-trip ignition switch . The Neptune Pool at Hearst Castle is 104 feet long and 95 feet wide at the alcove . I decided to celebrate the unofficial return of reasonable driving vacations with a venture to the ultimate temple of excess -- Hearst Castle . From Los Angeles , my family and I retraced the journey of Hollywood luminaries who headed north to hang out with publishing tycoon William Randolph Hearst . Charlie Chaplin , Cary Grant , Clark Gable , Gregory Peck , Carol Lombard and Hearst 's mistress Marion Davies all made the trek to what Hearst called "  La Cuesta Encantada , " or the Enchanted Hill . Winston Churchill and President Calvin Coolidge also rested here amid art and antiquities from around the world . Hearst Castle looks down over golden fields , the glistening Pacific and the town of San Simeon , California , home to less than 500 people . We took a tour bus from the visitors center to the mansion , a long gull 's dive from the ocean , 1,610 feet above sea level . Hearst hired San Francisco architect Julia Morgan in 1919 and by 1947 the 165-room estate stretched over 127 acres . It 's crystal clear Hearst was a demanding mastermind of his kingdom on the hill , putting Morgan through what must have been agonizing brain twisters . Visitors see that when Hearst wanted European choir chairs wedged into his assembly room , Morgan made it work . When he wanted elaborate ceilings salvaged from Europe , Morgan expanded their reach to fit into the estate 's rooms . A massive 95 x 104-foot outdoor swimming pool , made of concrete and Vermont marble , is one of the central jewels of the property . Our guide recounted Hearst house rules . In an effort to control his guests ' alcohol consumption , Hearst banned them from bringing their own liquor . The Hollywood types reportedly snuck it in anyway , like frat boys at a football game . Guests stayed in opulent guest houses adorned with religious icons , art and other worldly treasures . Hearst mandated unmarried guests sleep apart , while violating his own edict by sleeping with his beloved actress friend Marion Davies . Though Hearst remained married to Millicent Hearst , with whom he had five children , Davies ' ghost is everywhere at Hearst Castle . Images of the actress , along with Charlie Chaplin and others stars , flicker about in a short film shown in the mansion 's 50-seat movie theater . Museum-worthy pieces fill the property , including intricate Flemish tapestries in an east-facing sitting room called the Morning Room . Owing to my Belgian roots , I looked at the tapestries and cracked to my kids , "  No wonder my 83-year-old mother can still sew a tiny patch onto a Girl Scout vest . " The castle 's grandeur was enough to hold the childrens ' attention . We saw them as young as 4 years old , eyes popping while taking in ancient Egyptian statues or towering Christmas trees . "  This guy was rich ! " my friend 's 7-year-old-son , Nicolas , exclaimed . Perhaps a headline from Hearst 's San Francisco Examiner in another era could best describe our trip : "  The road to fun is back and affordable ! "	William Randolph Hearst entertained Hollywood stars at his estate near San Simeon The 165-room estate stretches over 127 acres overlooking the Pacific Hearst filled the rooms with art and antiquities from around the world
CNN  -- A "  suspicious " fire devastated the church attended by Alaska Gov. and former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin on Friday night in her hometown of Wasilla , the church 's minister said . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin reportedly apologized for the possibility the fire was related to her nomination . "  We have no idea what caused it , " the Rev. Larry Kroon of the Wasilla Bible Church said Saturday , adding that investigators were considering arson and other possible causes . A ladies ' craft group was in the building when the fire broke out , but they got out safely , Kroon said . "  No one was hurt , " he said . Central Mat-Su Fire Department Chief James Steele said the department was "  treating it as suspicious and as potential arson at this point " but did not elaborate , The Anchorage Daily News reported . The newspaper said Palin released a statement after the fire in which she said she stopped by the church Saturday morning and offered an apology to the assistant pastor "  if the incident is in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received since she became a vice presidential candidate . " Steele said that as many as 40 firefighters from his and neighboring departments fought the blaze , which started about 9:40 p.m. Friday  1:40 a.m. ET Saturday  . Firefighters were on the scene dealing with hot spots until about 5 a.m. Saturday , the Anchorage Daily News reported . The metal church building , which normally accommodates Sunday congregations of up to 1,000 people , was heavily damaged by flames and smoke , Kroon said . "  The fire investigators and insurance people are there now . There 's definitely a lot of damage . I 've heard the figure of $ 1 million , but I do n't know for sure , " he said . Kroon said he was not at the church when the fire broke out and would not discuss what any of the church members who were there had reported to him . He would not specify how many people were in the building at the time of the blaze . "  They were all adults , and they all got out . We 're trying not to talk about specifics while investigators are still working on finding out what happened . " Kroon said the nondenominational church , which he described as "  just a local community church , " is about 30 years old and the church building itself is about 2 1/2 years old . The pastor said church services would be held on schedule Sunday in a nearby school .	Ladies ' craft group escaped safely after fire broke out Friday night , pastor says Officials considering arson , Wasilla Bible Church pastor Larry Kroon says Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin apologizes if fire related to vice presidential nomination
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- It 's a spring break with a purpose : Ten days in Texas when the entertainment and tech worlds collide on the neo-bohemian streets of this Texas party town . The annual South by Southwest festival will have its share of parties for the tens of thousands who will attend . But it will also be showcasing the best and brightest in its three main subject areas : Music , film and interactive  read startups , technology and the Web  . It 's a lot to try to keep up with . So here , broken down by the three major divisions of the fest , are some of the expected highlights we 'll be keeping an eye on . Interactive It could be ideas , not apps that win the day at this year 's interactive gathering . If there 's a new Twitter , Facebook or Foursquare preparing to break out next week , nobody has pegged it yet . In fact , some of the most "  buzzworthy " apps pre-festival are the location-based "  discovery " apps that were supposed to be all the rage last year .  And which , by and large , have underwhelmed most digital travelers and may soon face competition from Facebook  . So , if no app leaps to the forefront  and , in fairness , it may take a couple of years to figure out if one did  , what will ? How about outer space ? Elon Musk , CEO of SpaceX , will be speaking at the festival just days after an unmanned freighter owned by the private company arrived with supplies at the International Space Station . It was the second of 12 missions SpaceX will fly for NASA in the wake of the space shuttle program shutting down . There are no fewer than 15 space-related panels scheduled for Interactive week , including one featuring the Web 's viral star of last year 's Mars rover landing : NASA "  Mohawk Guy " Bobak Ferdowsi . While gadgets have never been SXSW 's forte -- ceding that to the glitzier Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas -- practical applications for emerging tech like Google Glass , 3-D printers and wearable gizmos like Apple 's rumored "  iWatch " could be on the minds of the technorati gathered in Texas . Other featured speakers at the interactive portion of the festival include Julie Uhrman , who as founder of OUYA seeks to shake up the video game industry with a $ 99 Android-based console that raised $ 8 million on Kickstarter , and Matthew Inman , creator of wildly popular webcomic "  The Oatmeal . " Also ? Shaquille O'Neal . Yes , Shaq , who is expected to talk about how he followed NBA stardom by becoming a social-media pioneer . His online presence once led Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey to say the site "  would n't be what it is today " without Shaq . Movies Sundance is still the best-known name , but SXSW has become another top destination for filmmakers hoping to launch an independent film or create buzz for a coming studio release . Having successfully stirred interest in his "  Cabin in the Woods " in Austin last year , writer and director Joss Whedon is back this year to work with The Bard . Whedon shot his black-and-white take on Shakespeare 's "  Much Ado About Nothing " during his off days from filming "  The Avengers " and he relies on an ensemble cast from his stable of regulars -- including "  Firefly " alum turned "  Castle " star Nathan Fillion . As far as big names go , the festival tops out with Jim Carrey and Steve Carrell in the comedy "  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone . " It 's a quirky tale , a battle between rival Las Vegas magicians , and seems tailor-made for a South-By crowd . The second coming of cult favorite "  Evil Dead " will also be showcasing , as will "  At Any Price " starring Zac Efron , "  The East " with Alexander Skarsgard and Ellen Page and Matthew McConaughey 's "  Mud . " Documentaries are always big at the festival and , this year , "  Hawking " will bring together film and interactive with a doc about the life of famed physicist Stephen Hawking . The film , which will air on PBS later this year , featured exclusive access to Hawking 's life , is narrated in his own voice and includes contributors ranging from Sir Richard Branson to astronaut Buzz Aldrin to actors Carrey and Benedict Cumberbatch . Music In its secret heart , South by Southwest will always be about the music . Founded 26 years ago to showcase the burgeoning , eclectic music bubbling up deep in the heart of Texas , the festival has become the music world 's most well-known and eagerly anticipated annual showcase . More than 2,200 bands turned virtually every square foot of the city into a music hall last year , and organizers promise to ramp it up even more in 2013 . Most of the acts that play wo n't leave Austin with a big contract . But it 's worth noting that Alabama Shakes was considered SXSW 's musical breakout last year , just months before the group won the Best New Artist Grammy . Established artists will be hitting stages in Austin as well . Green Day , the band that took snarly punk rock all the way to Broadway , will play one of this year 's most anticipated sets . The performance will be their first major showcase since front man Billie Joe Armstrong checked himself into rehab seven months ago for what he called a drug - and alcohol relapse that culminated in a profanity-laced rant onstage in Las Vegas . Dave Grohl has parlayed his drummer gig for one of the most influential rock bands of the last quarter-century  that 's Nirvana , in case you forgot  into the front man role with perennial Grammy winner Foo Fighters and is now a sort of de facto spokesman for the world of rock . He 'll be the music keynote speaker for the festival . Grohl will also be playing with his latest project , Sound City Players , which , against all logic , brings together artists ranging from Rick Springfield and Stevie Nicks to Creedence Clearwater Revival 's John Fogerty to members of Slipknot , Fear and Rage Against the Machine . Punk-rock icons Iggy & the Stooges will play , as will gothic troubadour Nick Cave , psych rockers The Flaming Lips and reunited British ska act The Specials . Pop star/actor Justin Timberlake , who has become a bit of a tech entrepreneur in recent years , is hosting a private party and rumored to be pondering a surprise gig himself .	South by Southwest is a 10-day music , film and tech festival in Austin , Texas Past SXSWs have helped launch Twitter , Foursquare and numerous indie bands Green Day will play an anticipated gig after singer Billie Joe Armstrong 's rehab SpaceX 's Elon Musk highlights a new look at private spaceflight
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Nelson Mandela 's current hospitalization is due to a lung infection , authorities said Tuesday . Doctors were treating Mandela and he was responding to treatment , a statement from President Jacob Zuma 's office said . Mandela , 94 , was hospitalized over the weekend at a Pretoria facility but the exact nature of his ailment had not been released . Tuesday 's statement said he had a recurrence of a previous lung infection . Mandela has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa . The former president gets round-the-clock care after abdominal surgery this year and an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of blacks in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . Despite his rare appearances , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Just last month , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front . The new 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 and 200 rand banknotes all feature pictures of the global icon .	Mandela was hospitalized over the weekend Doctors ran tests on the 94-year-old Former South African president won the Nobel Peace Prize for fighting racial segregation
CNN  -- The anti-abortion group Live Action released Tuesday its latest undercover video aimed at discrediting Planned Parenthood . The edited video shows a Planned Parenthood staff member apparently counseling a woman about gender-selective abortion . "  I see that you 're saying that you want to terminate if it 's a girl , so are you just wanting to continue the pregnancy in the meantime ? " says a counselor , identified only as Rebecca , in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Austin , Texas . The woman , purported to be in the first trimester of her pregnancy , according to Live Action , says she does not know the gender of her fetus but wants to abort if it turns out to be female . "  The abortion covers you up until 23 weeks , " says Rebecca , "  and usually at five months is usually  sic  when they detect , you know , whether or not it 's a boy or a girl . " The staffer recommends to the woman that she "  just continue and try again " if her fetus turns out to be female . "  Good luck , and I hope that you do get your boy , " Rebecca says . In a statement , Planned Parenthood 's vice president of education , Leslie Kantor , said the staffer was in an entry-level job and is no longer working for the organization . She "  did not follow our protocol for providing information and guidance when presented with a highly unusual patient scenario , " the statement says . The incident occurred six weeks ago and swift action was taken , Kantor adds . "  Within three days of this patient interaction , the staff member 's employment was ended and all staff members at this affiliate were immediately scheduled for retraining in managing unusual patient encounters . " The statement continues , "  Gender bias is contrary to everything our organization works for daily in communities across the country . Planned Parenthood opposes racism and sexism in all forms , and we work to advance equity and human rights in the delivery of health care . Planned Parenthood condemns sex selection motivated by gender bias , and urges leaders to challenge the underlying conditions that lead to these beliefs and practices , including addressing the social , legal , economic , and political conditions that promote gender bias and lead some to value one gender over the other . " Last year , after the anti-abortion group released another undercover video that Live Action said showed staff willing to assist sex trafficking and exploitation of minors and young women , Planned Parenthood announced it would retrain more than 11,000 staff members at more than 800 centers across the United States . The secretly recorded video used a couple portraying themselves as a pimp and a prostitute who were seeking abortions for underage girls . Planned Parenthood said then that employees would be fired in cases of confirmed failure to comply with the group 's procedures for situations involving endangered minors and with states ' mandatory reporting laws for underage girls . After Live Action released undercover videos of four Planned Parenthood health centers in Virginia and one in New Jersey , Planned Parenthood officials fired a staff worker in the New Jersey office , but defended the others , saying they behaved professionally and appropriately reported the incidents to the U.S. Justice Department .	Video shows Planned Parenthood staffer apparently counseling a woman on gender-selective abortion "  Just continue and try again " if the fetus turns out to be female , the counselor says Planned Parenthood says the counselor is no longer working for the organization She "  did not follow our protocol , " says the group 's vice president for education
It 's been a little over a year since President Barack Obama accused the Syrian government of crossing a "  red line , " with the use of poison gas against civilians . This week , the last of the country 's declared chemical weapons stockpiles are sailing to their eventual demise . On Wednesday , 600 metric tons of Syrian chemicals weapons were transferred from a Danish ship to the U.S. government container ship , the Cape Ray , at an Italian port , Gioia Tauro . The Cape Ray is now set to sail into international waters , where the on-board process of neutralizing the chemicals will be carried out , according to the OPCW , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , which led the mission to remove and destroy the weapons It will take 60 days to neutralize the chemicals safely and cleanly , the Pentagon said . The rest of the chemicals will be destroyed at plants in the United States and Europe , but no active weapons grade materials will enter either of those places . By the time they arrive , they will be broken down to industrial chemicals . The resulting hazardous waste will be further processed in Germany and Finland . The chemical weapons left Syria on the Danish ship Ark Futura just over a week ago , bound for Italy . A breakthrough It was a major milestone when the weapons left the Syrian port of Latakia , said Ahmet Uzumcu , the chief of the OPCW . "  Never before has an entire arsenal of a category of weapons of mass destruction been removed from a country experiencing a state of internal armed conflict , " he said . But inspectors ca n't say for sure that some undeclared weapons are n't still lurking somewhere in the country . Syria 's civil war has dragged on since 2011 , and in 2013 images surfaced of civilians who allegedly died from poison gas attacks . The nonpartisan Doctors Without Borders then reported that three hospitals near Damascus treated more than 3,000 patients suffering "  neurotoxic symptoms . " The United Nations firmed up the accusations after sending inspectors into the country . Violence continues The White House has stepped up U.S. military support to rebels fighting the forces of President Bashar al-Assad , though it stopped short of putting weapons in their hands . The U.N. Security Council passed a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal , and al-Assad promised to adhere to the resolution . The following month , Syria began dismantling its chemical weapons program . The OPCW reported that Syrians were using torches and grinders to destroy or disable weapons such as missile warheads and aerial bombs . Despite the apparent end to a chapter in the history of Syria 's chemical weapons , on the ground in Syria , trauma and bloodshed continue . U.S. : Signs point to Syria using chlorine gas in attacks	600 metric tons of chemicals weapons are on a U.S. ship , officials say Pentagon : The ship , Cape Ray , will destroy the chemicals in international waters It will take 60 days to destroy much of them on the open sea The rest will be destroyed in the U.S. and Europe
CNN  -- Traveling in a plane soaring 2,400 meters above the ocean when the door in front of you suddenly swings open , is many things : terrifying , disturbing , dramatic . For former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark , it was also "  a bit annoying . " If it seems like the understatement of the century , then that 's because you get the impression there is n't much that rattles the 63-year-old , who is now the third most powerful person at the United Nations . Back in 2005 , the then-prime minister was flying along the south west coast of New Zealand when her six-seater plane hit turbulence , forcing the door to swing open . After some scrambling the rogue door was closed , and Clark -- today the Administrator of the United Nations Development Program -- landed safely , though with a badly bruised elbow . That was the "  annoying " bit , she said . Eight years later , securely seated in the United Nations office in New York , one of the longest serving female prime ministers of all time says "  nothing " scares her . Well , apart from a few extreme sports . "  I think I 've conquered fear , " she said . "  Except I 'm not going into a parachute jump . I do n't want to go into a bungee jump -- wonderful revenue earner for New Zealand tourism that it is . And I do n't want to do a deep sea dive , " she said . "  So there 's three things off my list but I 'll try almost anything else . " Small country , big ambition Almost a decade before German Chancellor Angela Merkel was toasting a third consecutive term in office , Clark was on the other side of the world celebrating her own successful third election . Clark , the leader of the New Zealand Labour Party , led the country for nine years , from 1999 to 2008 . That 's just two years less than British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . And six years longer than recently ousted Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard . Since leaving politics and joining the United Nations in 2009 , Clark 's international profile has continued to grow -- this year Forbes ' ranked her as the 21st most powerful woman in the world . "  I could not have credibly done this job -LSB- at the United Nations -RSB- if I had not had the experience of leading a small country , " she said of New Zealand , which has a population of around 4 million . "  There 's no greater accountability than having to face your own electors every three years . So I like to think this has been a preparation for this position now . " Women of the world Clark is also the first female to head the United Nations Development Program , overseeing 8,000 staff in 177 countries , and an annual budget of $ 5.8 billion . Her vision is a big one : "  Eradication of poverty and tackling exclusion and inequality in our world -- and doing it in a sustainable way . " Where does one start with such an immense goal ? For Clark , part of the answer lies in the empowerment of women . "  If you ca n't inherit the family property , if you ca n't borrow money , if you ca n't hold title to land or a rental title because you 're a woman -- this is n't fair , " she said . "  Oftentimes attitudes towards women can be the tremendous unseen barriers -- people do n't see a woman doing certain jobs . I 've had a lot of experience of crashing my head through glass ceilings so I know it can be done , but it 's not something you do by yourself . You have to build support networks . " Force of nature Growing up on a farm in New Zealand , Clark learned to be self-reliant from a young age -- a trait she 's held throughout her career . "  We slaughtered our own meat , we grew our own vegetables . I think I come from generations of extremely resilient people who tend to survive through thick and thin , " she said . To illustrate her point , Clark recalls meeting another head of state on the steps of New Zealand parliament one day : "  I had the keys in my hand and I said ` come along with me . ' I unlocked the door to the private lift and took him up . He was astonished . Where was the army of functionaries who were opening the door pressing the lift button ? " When her party suffered a devastating defeat at the 1990 elections , Clark was down , but not out . "  I became well known in New Zealand for saying ` let 's move on , ' " she said . "  Another door will open if you look for it . " And while leading the United Nations Development Program has been one of her greatest achievements , it has come with sacrifices , such as working on the other side of the world from husband Peter Davis . "  I do n't necessarily want to be remembered as the most popular girl on the block , " she said . "  I want to be remembered as the girl who made a difference . "	Helen Clark opens up about being third most powerful person at U.N. Former NZ Prime Minister now head of U.N. Development Program First female to hold position at U.N. , ranked 21 on Forbes list of powerful women
CNN  -- The Wu-Tang Clan -- the New York hip-hop supergroup that spawned millions of album sales , nine solo acts and a few acting careers -- almost never was . If RZA , left , had been jailed or Method Man killed , Wu-Tang may have never formed , RZA says . Method Man , the group 's most recognizable voice , was nearly killed before the band formed , Wu-Tang 's chief producer , RZA , writes in his forthcoming memoir . Meth was walking to buy marijuana at 160 Park Hill Avenue in Staten Island -- the house in Wu-Tang 's "  Protect Ya Neck " video -- when RZA saw him across the street , he writes in the book . "  Come over here , yo ! " RZA beckoned , according to "  The Tao of Wu "  Riverhead  . "  He stopped and came running over . A few seconds later -- pow-pow-pow-pow-pow ! -- a guy started shooting up the front of 160 . A buddy of ours , Poppy , an innocent , school-going , nice guy -- he was shot and killed right there . " Interactive : Where 's the Wu been ? " It was n't the only close call RZA said could have snuffed the band that rewrote the rule book for hip-hop acts . The year before the group formed in 1993 , RZA was acquitted on an attempted murder charge that could have put him behind bars for eight years , he writes in "  The Tao of Wu , " out Thursday . Expanding on the book 's anecdotes in an interview with CNN , RZA explained that if he had been imprisoned or if Method Man , aka Clifford Smith , had been killed , the band never would have come to fruition . RZA , whose real name is Robert Diggs and whose stage name is pronounced "  Rizza , " also talked about his role in the death of his cousin , Russell Jones , better known as Ol' Dirty Bastard or ODB . Two days before his 36th birthday in 2004 , ODB died in a New York recording studio from an overdose of cocaine and painkillers . RZA writes in the book that he once witnessed ODB force his own son to watch him do drugs . RZA tried to leave , he writes , but ODB would n't let him . Now , RZA told CNN , he wishes he would 've been tougher with ODB about his drug problem . Following are excerpts from the interview , which has been edited for language , flow and length : CNN : Could your imprisonment or Method Man 's death have derailed Wu-Tang 's formation ? RZA : Either one of those incidents could definitely have derailed it . Of course , myself being the abbot , the one who came with the idea , if I would n't have made it out of that tumultuous time -- it seemed like I was n't going to make it out of it ; there was a lot of odds against me -- but we stood strong , and self-defense made sense to the jury . We beat that ... It was the victory over that incident that made me change my whole direction . In a way , it 's double-edged in that incident . One , if I would 've lost that , yeah , Wu-Tang would n't have happened , but also it 's the victory of it that inspired me and gave me the drive also to go and really get serious about Wu-Tang and the things I was dealing with . Same thing with Meth , he always brings it up ... that that day saved his life . He actually said , if it was anybody else calling him , he would n't have came . CNN : In the book , you cite lessons from Eastern religions , Christianity , Islam , -LSB- Nation of Islam offshoot -RSB- Five Percent , numerology , comic books , kung fu , chess . What would you say to someone who says it 's difficult to reconcile these dogmas ? RZA : Like it says in the Bible , "  In the beginning was the word , and the word became flesh " -- if we go to the root of the word , we will find that , yeah , everything is similar . Everything is teaching us all the same path . It 's just that one religion was good for these people because of their living conditions . In the Quran , they mention paradise being filled with wells , wells of water , and if you 're in the desert and you 've got a chance to get water and gardens -- as they describe paradise in the holy Quran -- if you 're going to get gardens , that 's the paradise that fits your situation . ... Everything they 're saying relates to the people they 're talking to . ... You remove the messenger and take the message . CNN : You say in the book that your penchant for violent lyrics in your younger years "  was a product of my history and environment " and that it no longer represents you . But you also say you wo n't repudiate violence . Why not ? RZA : One reason I have n't repudiated it is because when it 's necessary , it 's necessary . -LSB- The Bible 's -RSB- Ecclesiastes tell us there 's a time for everything -- a time for war , a time for peace -- so in times for war , there 's time for violence . Then in -LSB- the Hindu scripture -RSB- Bhagavad Gita , it says Arjuna was talking , Arjuna did n't want to commit violent acts against an army that was attacking him . He could n't find it in his heart to do it . It was people he loved . He did n't want to get into violence , but Krishna had to point out to him , "  Your duty is your duty . " ... So , to me , violence in the light of justice is still violent , but I do n't see it the same . It 's because of justice that I do n't repudiate violence because justice must be served somehow . CNN : ODB was a product of his environment as well . To what degree were you and other Wu-Tang members responsible for his death ? RZA : The guys would say it 's more me than them because they say that 's my cousin and I was right there . If you let a man that you love or anybody -- man , woman or child that you love -- sit there and destroy themselves in front of you , you 're neglecting them ... Everybody let him do what he wanted to do . ... There were times when I took his drugs and threw them down the toilet . When I do that , he would get so pissed off I do n't see him for weeks after that . ... So it got to a point , I was like , " -LSB- expletive -RSB- it , let him do his drugs " just to have him around me , just to keep him there . ... But it 's still neglect , yo . CNN : You say you ran Wu-Tang like a dictatorship in its first five years . I know you and Raekwon have had creative differences and Ghostface Killah is suing you over royalties . Ever regret the dictatorship approach ? RZA : I do n't regret it because it got us to the power we are . ... To me , in the beginning , the dictatorship led us to such a strong foundation that even though Wu-Tang seemed to be crumbling , it did n't fall because of the root foundation of one man 's idea . But now as it 's coming back together -- we 're living in the twilight age of it right now -- it 's still surviving because of the democracy of it . CNN : Wu-Tang is still around , but nothing like the heyday of the 1990s . Will we ever see a renaissance ? RZA : Well , to me , Wu-Tang is beyond Wu-Tang Clan . ... It 's just like hip-hop is beyond Grandmaster Flash , but Grandmaster Flash was one of the first guys to hit those turntables like that . ... The same thing with Wu-Tang . You 'll see the difference in hip-hop from the moment we came in to before we came in . We changed it . We changed the whole structure . CNN : Have you accomplished everything you 've set out to accomplish ? RZA : I 'm me and the me that 's me is me and is going to continue to be me , and it 's always reaching and growing . I 'm grateful for what I 've accomplished . I 'm grateful for anyone who thinks I accomplished something and says , "  Well he did this ; he did that . " I 'm proud to be accepted , but I feel like I 've just scratched the surface for some weird reason . CNN 's Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Wu-Tang producer : Attempted murder conviction also could have derailed band Rapper/producer/actor RZA talks of forming Wu-Tang Clan in upcoming memoir RZA : Ol' Dirty Bastard made son watch him do drugs before 2004 fatal overdose Book cites lessons from Christianity , Islam , numerology , kung fu , chess
Washington  CNN  -- It always comes back to the budget . With Congress facing a crucial debate on attacking Syria over chemical weapons use , conservatives are signaling their price for support may be increased funding for a shrinking military budget . Two hawkish Republicans -- Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- went to the White House on Monday to argue their call for a robust military campaign against Syria intended to significantly weaken the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Implicit with such a campaign would be the needed restoration of military funding cut by austerity measures and transformation policies in recent years , including the forced spending cuts known as sequestration imposed by Congress for the current fiscal year . "  We can not keep asking the military to perform mission after mission with a sequestration and military cuts hanging over their heads , " GOP Rep. Buck McKeon of California , the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , told CNN on Monday . "  We have to take care of our own people first . " While McKeon made clear that his concern is about future preparedness rather than current capability , he argued a bedrock conservative stance against having the military be a major contributor to cost-cutting in Washington . "  I have no concerns of their capability . They 're the strongest , best equipped , best trained military , " he said . "  What I 'm looking at is what they 've been hit with the last couple years . Where will they be the next time they 're asked ? " Noting that "  the world has not gotten safer , " McKeon complained that "  we 're cutting back $ 1 trillion out of our military , asking them to do more with less . " Obama looks to Congress to bolster legal case for Syria strike McKeon : stop asking the military to do more with less "  That has to stop , " he said , calling for President Barack Obama to "  fix " the across-the-board spending cuts on the military and other discretionary government spending that does n't include entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . After meeting with Obama , both McCain and Graham said they were encouraged by the president 's intended approach , which includes more military aid for Syria 's opposition while degrading the capabilities of al-Assad 's forces . However , they said they need more detailed assurances that the U.S. strategy would be sufficiently strong and sustainable before they could recommend it to their colleagues , who will vote in coming weeks on whether to authorize military action . "  There seems to be emerging from this administration a pretty solid plan to upgrade the opposition " in Syria and to "  get regional players more involved " in shifting the balance of the Syrian civil war against the al-Assad regime , Graham said . Both McCain and Graham said congressional rejection of a resolution authorizing U.S. military force in Syria would be catastrophic and undermine the credibility of the nation and the president . Syria vote could have consequences for 2016 Syria issue exacerbates budge wars The Syria issue exacerbates an already hostile budget environment between the two parties . With fiscal year 2013 ending in four weeks , Congress has yet to pass a 2014 budget and is expected to consider a short-term measure to extend spending at current levels for weeks or months to allow time for further negotiations . A major issue of the budget debate is whether to recalibrate spending to soften or eliminate the impact of the forced cuts of sequestration . While both sides say that is the right move , they remain unable to agree on how to make it happen . Obama and Democrats want to maintain or increase spending on education , technology and infrastructure , while Republicans seek to shrink overall government spending . The two sides also differ on tax reform , another key component of spending policy . In addition , the government says it needs an increase in its borrowing limit -- the debt ceiling -- sometime next month . Some Republicans advocate a government shutdown unless Democrats capitulate on spending cuts , especially to a call by tea party conservatives such as Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas to eliminate from next year 's budget the funds needed to implement the 2010 health care reform law . Opinion : Obama on war -- a realist and risk taker Congress to debate Syria resolution Congress will not vote on Obama 's request to authorize the use of force against Syria until sometime after it officially returns from recess September 9 . To launch the debate on Capitol Hill , Senate and House committees will hold hearings this week . Secretary of State John Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey will appear at the first hearing by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday , sources said . In addition , Obama will meet Tuesday with House Speaker John Boehner and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi , as well as leaders of national security committees in Congress . Conservatives have increased references to overall military spending in recent days when commenting on the Syria situation . "  I have watched what 's happened in the last 4 1/2 years with the president downgrading our military , " Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , told CNN on Friday . "  And it 's to the point where we 're in a position right now where we do n't have the assets to get involved in another intervention . " He warned that firing cruise missiles at Syria would inevitably lead to greater involvement and that administration officials must "  make sure that you tell us how you 're going to pay for it , what resources you 're going to use , what assets you 're going to use and that they 're there . " GOP Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas , who sits on the House Intelligence Committee , argued Monday for a bigger mission than the limited strikes Obama has said he has been considering . "  It does us no good to just lob a few missiles into Syria , " Pompeo said . "  This is in the context of an Iranian-backed enterprise with Bashar al-Assad , with Hezbollah . You have al Qaeda now having the ability to move on the ground and perhaps get chemical weapons . America has interests that are much more broad than some short strike could possibly accomplish and so we need a strategic vision with real definable and achievable goals . " Military has concerns about Syria mission The administration 's "  flood the zone " strategy Obama and his team also emphasize the national security angle when arguing for a military response to what they call a major chemical weapons attack by al-Assad 's regime on August 21 on Damascus suburbs . The president , along with Vice President Joe Biden and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , was making phone calls to House and Senate members to try to firm up commitments ahead of the congressional vote . A conference call with House Democrats also was planned as part of what a senior administration official called a strategy to "  flood the zone . " In the calls , the official said , the White House will be making the same case it did during a classified Capitol Hill briefing Sunday . The argument is that failure to take action against Syria would undermine the deterrent of international action against chemical weapons use , emboldening al-Assad and his key allies -- Hezbollah and Iran -- who will see a lack of consequences for such a flagrant violation . On the administration side , there is no mention -- yet -- of the military budget . Could Syria strike back if United States , allies , attack ?	NEW : Senate and House committee hearings on Syria begin this week With Syria debate looming , congressional hawks seek more military spending GOP Rep. McKeon : We have to stop asking the military to do more with less The Syria issue exacerbates an already hostile budget debate in Washington
CNN  -- A new judge was tapped Thursday to preside over the case of George Zimmerman after the original judge was forced to step down . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester will be replaced by Judge Debra Nelson , who was appointed to the bench in 1999 . The move came one day after a Florida appeals court granted Zimmerman 's request for a new judge , saying the original judge 's remarks put Zimmerman in reasonable fear of an unfair trial . Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder in the February 26 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin . His attorneys wanted Lester removed , saying language he used in a bail order disparaged their client 's character and held over his head the threat of future criminal proceedings . The Fifth District Court of Appeal agreed , and Lester was forced to disqualify himself . Lester revoked Zimmerman 's original $ 150,000 bond after learning Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie , failed to disclose more than $ 100,000 in donations from the public . The judge then set a new bail of $ 1 million in July , and it was the language in that bail order that Zimmerman and his lawyers took issue with . The court agreed with Zimmerman 's attorneys that Lester "  made gratuitous , disparaging remarks about Mr. Zimmerman 's character ; advocated for Mr. Zimmerman to be prosecuted for additional crimes ; offered a personal opinion about the evidence for the prosecution ; continued to hold over Mr. Zimmerman 's head the threat of future contempt proceedings , and ultimately set a bond at $ 1,000,000 . " The appeals court also agreed that Lester 's remarks "  created reasonable fear in Mr. Zimmerman that the court is biased against him , and , as a result of this prejudice can not receive a fair and impartial trial or hearing by the trial court . " In his July bail order , Lester wrote that "  under any defnition , the defendant has flouted the system " and "  tried to manipulate the system when he has been presented the opportunity to do so . " Lester also wrote that it was his "  personal opinion " that Zimmerman intentionally gave false or misleading information in his bail application -- which is a felony -- and he suggested the possibility of future contempt proceedings . "  Holding this over Mr. Zimmerman creates a horrible chilling effect on this case , on the defense presentation , and cements Mr. Zimmerman 's fear that he will not get a fair trial from the trial court , " the appeals court wrote . Zimmerman is free after posting the $ 1 million bond . The former neighborhood watch captain has pleaded not guilty to the charges and said he shot the 17-year-old Martin in self-defense after Martin attacked him . Martin , who was unarmed , was walking through a gated neighborhood in Sanford , Florida , to his father 's girlfriend 's house when he was killed . Florida prosecutors mistakenly release confidential Zimmerman case documents	Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester steps down Judge Debra Nelson is assigned to take his place An appeals court had granted George Zimmerman 's request for a new judge Zimmerman 's lawyers say Lester disparaged their client
CNN  -- It was n't until Melissa Reese 's husband allegedly put a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her that she says she decided it was time to leave her abusive relationship . She could take her belongings and kids , but her dogs were a different story . Dropping Capone and Sophie , her Alaskan Malamute and Miniature Doberman , at an animal shelter where they could be euthanized or adopted by another family was not an option . "  I could n't give them up , " Reese said . "  That would be like putting my children out in the cold , and I could n't do that . " Reese said whenever her husband threatened her , Capone would squeeze in the middle and try to push him away . Her pets had protected her , and she could n't leave them behind to become victims of her husband 's wrath . So she called Ahimsa House , which placed the dogs with foster families until Reese got settled in a new home . Reese 's husband later pleaded no contest to charges of simple assualt and battery . Ahimsa House -- which stands for "  nonviolence " in Sanskrit -- is the only animal shelter in Georgia that specifically cares for pets from homes of domestic violence . In the last year , dogs , cats , birds , reptiles , livestock and horses took refuge for a combined total of 20,000 nights . In one case , the shelter took in 18 chickens . The Atlanta shelter will house a pet for as long as the owner needs . Every animal also receives a medical examination from a veterinarian . As Ahimsa House Executive Director Maya Gupta explained , pets in households with an incidence of domestic violence often have hidden injuries themselves . "  Abusers tend to be very good with their human victims in knowing exactly where to hit so that the bruises do n't show -- so she can put on a long sleeve shirt or some makeup and cover them -- and to some extent , they also do that with animals , " she said . Domestic violence against women : Recognize patterns , seek help Perpetrators of domestic violence often harm or threaten a family pet in order to manipulate a partner and coerce him or her to stay in a relationship . As a result , 18 % to 45 % of battered women remain with their abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet or livestock upon leaving , according to a study by the American Bar Association . Tanya Mcleod , an advocate against domestic violence who alleges a close relative abused her and their dog Brownie , explained that abusers realize pets provide a type of comfort for victims and use that to their advantage . "  The abuser will often make threats and say , ` If you leave I 'll kill Fluffy , or I 'll flush the goldfish down the toilet ' -- whatever it is that will make that person stay in that relationship , " she said . Brownie was considered a part of the family to Mcleod and her three kids . When it became clear she was giving more attention to the dog , Mcleod says the relative got jealous and abused Brownie as a way to take control . "  He would hit him , kick him , sometimes choke him , " Mcleod recalls . "  He would tell us that we could n't see Brownie . " The relative was never charged for abusing Brownie or Mcleod . In every state , pets are considered property under the law , and judges can not order a person to not harm , injure or interfere with the care of a family pet . But that is changing as 21 states plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders . MNN.com : When you have to give your pet away Texas is the most recent state to pass a bill that will punish family violence perpetrators under protective orders who torture pets . Democratic Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis , who sponsored the bill that will go into effect September 1 , said the legislation provides the opportunity for law enforcement to bring federal prosecution against abusive partners who threaten pets . Protective orders protect women against further abuse by a partner , but the same does n't hold true for pets , Davis explained . Now that pets are included in orders , abusers will receive a misdemeanor for the first violation and felony charges upon two or more violations . Every day , thousands of pets and humans are at risk in abusive relationships , according to Phil Arkow , coordinator of the National Link Coalition , which seeks to prevent violence toward people and animals . A study by the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence found that 71 % of women entering shelters report that their batterer had injured , killed or threatened a pet to exert control over them . For many women , fleeing with their dog or cat is n't an option when only one in eight domestic violence shelters accept pets , according to the NCADV . The Houston Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Texas recognized this problem and started PetSafe -- a program to provide temporary boarding , medical care and food for pets of families escaping domestic violence . This year , the program cared for 20 pets , but the organization investigated 14,642 cases of animal abuse , neglect and cruelty in 2010 , according to HSPCA spokeswoman Stacy Fox . Tips for adopting the best shelter dog In the past few years , state representatives have been debating bills that would include pets in domestic violence protective orders . David Favre , a law professor of animal cruelty at Michigan State University , said the majority of these bills eventually pass because "  everybody can agree with the principle . " "  Who 's going to stand up and say , ` No , the husband should be able to abuse the pet ' ? " he said . However , Favre explained adding pets in protective order laws may not be effective since pet abusers already violate the state 's animal cruelty law . "  If a man wants to inflict harm , he 's not going to really be stopped by this protective order , " he said . But after hearing stories -- in one case , a man cut off a dog 's ears and sent them to his partner to get her to return -- Davis says she believes the new law will help keep women safe . "  The bill is n't about protecting the pet nearly as much as it is about protecting women , who unfortunately can be convinced to say in an abusive situation where a pet is used as basically a pawn against her emotions , " she said . Domestic violence against men : Know the signs What to do if your pet is being abused : 1  First , if he 's threatening the pets , you are next . Do n't assume that he 's bluffing . Do n't make excuses . Do n't think things will get better . They wo n't , says Phil Arkow , coordinator of the National Link Coalition . The lives of you and your children are in danger . Get out -- now ! 2  Avoid bitter custody battles by making sure all of your pet 's records are in your name : rabies and other shots , pet food purchases , dog or cat licenses , pedigree papers , receipts for vet bills , etc. . These should all be in your name to establish that you are the caregiver . 3  Make sure your pets are current on all their licenses and vaccinations . This makes it easier to house them in an emergency shelter . 4  Pets should have an identification tag that does not have your name or home number . Use the number of a friend or the animal 's veterinarian . 5  Have an emergency plan that includes your pets . If you 're able to prepare for your pet 's departure , try to have pet items -- including vaccination and medical records , medications , licenses , blankets , leashes , collars and pet carriers -- in a safe place where your abuser wo n't be able to find them . 6  Have a safe place for your pet lined up in advance such as a women 's shelter that offers on-site housing or off-site foster care for pets , a trusted friend , veterinarian , kennel or animal shelter . Keep this location secret in case your abuser tries to take control of the pet in order to take control of you and your children .	18 % to 45 % of women remain with an abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet upon leaving 21 states have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders Ahimsa House in Atlanta looks after pets for domestic violence victims until they find housing 71 % of women report their batterer had injured , killed or threatened a pet to exert control
Violence wracked Yemen yet again Thursday -- this time in the form of dual car bomb attacks purportedly carried out by al Qaeda militants targeting fighters from the minority , albeit powerful , Houthi group . At least nine Houthi fighters died in the attacks on a strategic Houthi camp at the airport of western Yemen 's port city of Hodiedah , a local Interior Ministry official and medics told CNN . Medics expected the death toll to rise as some of about a dozen people injured in the attacks are in critical condition . The bloodshed speaks to the dangers and instability in the Arab nation , though this time not involving anyone with the Yemeni government . Instead , it is Houthis -- followers of a sect of Shia Islam in a country where Sunni Muslims are the majority -- who find themselves in the fight . Based largely in northern Yemen , members of the group also known as Ansarullah have been increasingly asserting themselves in the country . This included weeks of large anti-government protest in the capital , Sanaa , during which Houthi fighters attacked state TV headquarters and seized strategic military positions . Yemen in midst of an upheaval Scores died in resulting violence , and two Yemeni prime ministers resigned in two weeks before the powerful rebel group and representatives of major political parties signed a ceasefire in September . But even with that resolved , a Houthi adversary -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terror group whose members are Sunni Muslims -- remains . That group , also known as AQAP , claimed responsibility for Thursday 's attack on its Twitter account . 20 children among 31 killed in car bombings Thursday 's violence marked the latest of scores of clashes between Houthi and al Qaeda fighters . The Houthis have managed to defeat al Qaeda on numerous fronts , including taking the terror group 's stronghold of Radaa in October . Al Qaeda has stepped up its attacks on Houthi targets since then , killing hundreds of Houthis and innocent civilians in persistent attacks .	Dual car bombs target Houthi fighters in the Yemeni city of Hodiedah Medics and a Yemeni official say at least 9 Houthi fighters were killed , and the toll may rise Al Qaeda claims responsibility ; it has stepped up attacks on minority Houthis of late
CNN  -- The only sound Christian Myers heard in his classroom at Arapahoe High School was the constant buzz of vibrating cell phones -- calls from panicked parents trying to reach their children . The sophomore and his fellow classmates were hunkered down in a corner of a darkened room . Minutes earlier , they had heard the sound of gunshots . That was followed by a dire warning from a teacher . "  He just yelled , ` Lockdown ! ' " Myers , a sophomore , told CNN on Friday . "  He goes ` Do what would you do in a lockdown drill . This is not a drill . " ' ` It was a shotgun ' It was just after 12:30 p.m. Friday at Arapahoe High School with its student population of more than 2,200 in Centennial , Colorado , when the shooting began . Some students were on lunch break at the open campus ; others were still in classes . Janitor Fabian Llerenas was on the north side of the building when he saw a student running "  side-to-side , kinda military style . " The student was carrying something . Llernas did a double take . "  It was a shotgun , " he told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  So right away , I got on the radio to alert everyone on the staff , " he said . " ... And that 's when I heard the shots . " ' A really loud bang ' One minute , ninth-grader Whitney Riley was getting ready to retrieve her computer from her locker at Arapahoe High School . The next minute , she was running . "  We were having fun and laughing and then , all of a sudden , we heard a really loud bang , " the 15-year-old told CNN . "  My teacher asked what it was and then we heard two more and we all just got up and screamed and ran into a sprinkler system room . " Inside the windowless room were five students and two teachers . "  We were shaking , we were crying , we were freaking out , " Riley said . "  I had a girl biting my arm . " They soon heard people yelling , and walkie-talkies crackling , and then they heard police asking someone to drop the gun , put the gun down , and hold his arms up , she said . She did not hear another gunshot , though the people doing the talking could have moved farther away , she said . Soon , they heard police ordering them out . Three shots Eric Waugh was in his physics class when he and his classmates heard a bang . Initially , the teacher opened the door , he said . The teacher and students "  initially thought it might be an explosion from a chemistry class . " Then , they heard a gunshot . And then another . And then another . The teacher locked the door and turned off the lights . "  He yelled at us to go and get in the corner , and we were in the corner in two seconds , " Waugh said . Later , SWAT officers came to the classroom door . The students filed out in single file , their arms above their heads , he said . "  We never thought this would happen at our school , " Waugh said . ` Are you OK ? ' Myers , the sophomore , and his fellow classmates were sitting in the dark when he started to think about his twin brother , Austin . He knew his brother should be in class . Even so , he was worried about him . "  Are you OK ? " Myers texted . There was no answer . He texted again : "  You doing OK ? " Still , there was no reply . Myers was overwhelmed with fear . Was his brother one of those who had been shot ? He tried several more times to raise his brother by text message to no avail . Then he sent a text message to a friend , who he knew had a class with his brother . Have you seen my brother ? Myers asked . The answer : "  Austin never showed up to class today . " Panicked and in tears , Myers reached out to his father by text message : Dad , Austin is missing . Moments later , his father responded : Austin stayed home today . He was n't feeling good this morning . CNN 's Jake Tapper and Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .	The shooting at Arapahoe High School in Centennial began just after 12:30 p.m. Janitor Fabian Llerenas saw a student armed with a shotgun , running military-style "  We were shaking . We were crying , " 9th-grader Whitney Riley said Eric Waugh and his classmate thought initially it was an explosion in a chemistry class
New York  CNN  -- Philip Seymour Hoffman was mourned in New York on Friday with a star-studded private funeral attended by family and close friends . In the late morning , friends of one of the greatest actors of his generation began streaming through the bronze doors of the Church of St. Ignatius Loyola on Park Avenue , the 116-year-old landmark that hosted the funerals of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Lena Horne . A black hearse pulled up to the church shortly after noon Friday as a couple of dozen fans and mourners gathered nearby to pay their respects . Six pallbearers carried Hoffman 's coffin into the church 's Baroque-style interior , where friends such as Cate Blanchett , Meryl Streep , Louis C.K. , ABC News anchor Diane Sawyer and director husband Mike Nichols , Joaquin Phoenix , Amy Adams , Brian Dennehy , Michelle Williams and others awaited . Nichols directed Hoffman in his acclaimed portrayal of Willy Loman in "  Death of a Salesman " on Broadway . Hoffman and Blanchett co-starred in "  The Talented Mr. Ripley . " Phoenix appeared with him in "  The Master . " Hoffman 's longtime partner , Mimi O'Donnell , held their young daughter atop the church 's marble stairs as traffic was momentarily halted on Park Avenue and quiet enveloped the normally bustling thoroughfare . At about 1:30 p.m. , pallbearers in black suits emerged from the church with Hoffman 's coffin , carrying it to a hearse as O'Donnell and the couple 's children stood at the top of the stairs . Hoffman 's mother , Marilyn O'Connor , stood behind O'Donnell . The Oscar-winning actor was found dead in his Manhattan apartment Sunday of an apparent drug overdose , law enforcement sources said . Hoffman , 46 , was found on the bathroom floor of his apartment , a needle in his arm . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . On Tuesday , police arrested four people in connection with the drugs found in Hoffman 's apartment and recovered 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin . The district attorney 's office declined to prosecute one suspect . Two others were released pending court appearances . A fourth suspect , Robert Vineberg , charged with a felony count of criminal possession of a controlled substance , pleaded not guilty . He is due to appear in court February 14 . A spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner 's office said Wednesday a determination of the cause and manner of Hoffman 's death is pending further study , including toxicology reports . A larger memorial service is being planned for later this month . On Thursday night , family and close friends attended a private wake at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home . The night before , Broadway honored Hoffman by dimming its marquee lights for a minute and fellow actors held a vigil . Hoffman , who was nominated for Academy Awards four times , won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "  Capote . " He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  Doubt , " and "  The Master . "	Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman mourned privately by family and friends Funeral attended by Cate Blanchett , Louis C.K. , Diane Sawyer , Mike Nichols , others Hoffman , 46 , died Sunday of an apparent heroin overdose
Atlanta  CNN  -- The spread of the flu across the United States appears to have slowed in some areas , but officials wo n't know for weeks whether the cases have peaked , the CDC director said Friday . Twenty-four states and New York City were reporting high levels of flu activity , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's flu advisory report for December 30 through January 5 . That 's down from 29 states the previous week , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC . However , "  The only area of the country that 's still relatively unaffected ... is the far West Coast , " although plenty of cases have been reported there , Dr. Joseph Bresee , chief of the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of the CDC 's Influenza Division , said Friday . The number of pediatric deaths associated with influenza rose by two , according to the CDC . There have been 20 deaths of people under the age of 18 since the flu outbreak began . While the CDC does not count the number of adult deaths related to the flu , some states do , and that data suggests dozens have died . According to the latest CDC activity map , flu levels dropped in several states , particularly in the Southeast , including Georgia , Florida , South Carolina , Arkansas and Kentucky . In the Northeast , levels in some states have also improved , such as New York , but New York City remains among the areas of high activity . The number of states reporting widespread activity , however , increased to 47 from 41 , according to the CDC 's flu advisory report . The only states without widespread activity are California , Hawaii and Mississippi . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . It addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . "  Bottom line : It 's flu season , " Frieden told reporters . Flu activity is "  elevated " in most of the United States , he said , and "  it may be decreasing in some areas , but that 's hard to predict ... influenza activity ebbs and flows . " Officials will know in the next couple of weeks whether the season has peaked , he said . "  The only thing predictable about the flu is , it 's unpredictable . " " ... We are into what would classically be described as a flu epidemic , " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday . "  It 's still on the uptick , " he said . "  Remember , once it peaks , you still have a considerable amount of time where there is a lot of flu activity , and right now it may have peaked in some places , but for the most part , it has not yet peaked , " Fauci said . Many reports of emergency rooms and clinics being overwhelmed with patients could be linked to other illnesses , too . This is also a prominent season for many other respiratory viruses , Bresee said . Norovirus , which causes diarrhea and vomiting , has also been circulating . Vaccination Although the flu vaccine is far from perfect , it 's the best prevention tool we have , Frieden said . You can still get it -- it 's better late than never . The flu vaccine is about 62 % effective , Frieden said . "  The 62 % -- we 'd love it to be better , but it is actually a substantial public health benefit for the population , " Bresee said . Based on vaccine coverage surveys , 37 % of Americans had been vaccinated by mid-November , CDC officials said . That 's about on track with what was seen at this time last year . "  We have seen a lot of vaccination happening in the last couple of weeks , " Bresee said . "  I do n't know where we 'll end up this year . " Vaccine manufacturers told CNN on Thursday that there is plenty of vaccine for those who want to get a flu shot . However , there are reports of spot shortages of the vaccine , Frieden said , so call your provider ahead of time if you still want to get the vaccine . "  You may have to check in several places to find the vaccine , because most of the more than 130 million doses that were produced by vaccine manufacturers this year have already been given , " he said . Early flu season The flu came early this season , and cases are more severe than last year , health officials say . Massachusetts is one state that the CDC had identified as having high activity of influenza-like illness based on the week ending December 29 , but downgraded it to "  moderate " activity in Friday 's update . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino had declared a public health emergency in the city Wednesday because of the flu . Since October 1 , there have been 700 confirmed influenza cases among Boston residents , according to Menino 's office ; that 's 10 times more than were seen in all of last year 's flu season . There have been 18 flu-related deaths this season in Massachusetts , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Hospitalization rates are higher than in the last two years , Kevin Cranston of the state 's Bureau of Infectious Diseases told WCVB . Most deaths have been in older patients , he said . Menino is collaborating with the Boston Public Health Commission and community health centers to offer free vaccination clinics this weekend . The mayor urged residents to stay home from work or school if they are sick , and to get flu shots . "  This is the worst flu season we 've seen since 2009 , and people should take the threat of flu seriously , " Menino said in a statement . More than 4 % of emergency department visits at Boston hospitals are from flu cases , up from 1 % during non-flu season . Massachusetts General Hospital has already counted 532 cases of flu among patients , which is more than the Boston hospital saw in any of the previous three flu seasons , spokeswoman Kristen Stanton said Wednesday . Signs posted throughout the hospital discourage anyone from visiting who has a cough or fever , she said , and anyone who does visit with those symptoms must wear a mask and perform hand hygiene . All staff must wear a mask when caring for possible flu patients , and staff members who have not been vaccinated must wear a mask while caring for any patient . As an extra precaution amid flu fears , Bishop Robert P. Deeley of Boston sent a note to all pastors in the Boston Archdiocese suggesting that during the Sign of Peace , "  the faithful , instead of a handshake , may bow to the persons nearby . " Similarly , in Washington , a note from the Archdiocese 's communications office says that parishioners do n't have to shake hands or receive communion from the chalice . "  Those who are sick may wish to watch the Sunday TV Mass on their television at home and pray in solidarity with their parish community , " the statement said . Deaths in other states The CDC only tracks pediatric flu-related deaths , but some individual states release reports of influenza deaths among adults . The Oklahoma Department of Health said Thursday the state has had eight influenza-linked deaths since September 30 , while the Minnesota Department of Health has recorded 27 flu-related deaths . "  We are clearly at a high level of influenza activity in the state , " Minnesota Health Commissioner Dr. Edward Ehlinger said in a statement . "  But it 's important to keep this year in perspective : What is occurring has happened before . " The number of flu-related deaths elsewhere , according to state health officials : -- Pennsylvania has had 22 deaths . Most of the deaths were among people older than 65 . -- Indiana has 13 confirmed adult deaths and two pediatric deaths . -- Arkansas has seven confirmed flu fatalities . -- South Carolina has counted 22 deaths . -- In Illinois , there have been six deaths . -- In Michigan , there have been four pediatric deaths . Type of flu The type of flu that is going around is called H3N2 , which is often linked to more serious disease , compared with some other flu varieties , Fauci said . That type of flu matches up well to the vaccine that is being distributed and given out throughout the United States . People may get more complications from this particular strain of H3N2 , "  which may make them ill for a longer period of time , " Dr. Michael Jhung , medical epidemiologist in the influenza division at the CDC , told CNN 's Mary Snow . Symptoms typically last up to seven days for a normal infection , he said . If you have the flu , how are you treating it ? Send photos of your flu survival kits . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	California , Hawaii and Mississippi are the only states without widespread activity Other respiratory illnesses are also circulating , experts say Officials do n't know whether flu cases have peaked this season The number of flu-related deaths for children climbed by two to a total of 20 , officials say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the abduction of 30 teenage boys who were seized from Pakistan 's tribal region during an outing last week . The militant group said it abducted the boys to punish their tribe for forming a pro-government militia to battle the Taliban . The boys were taken Thursday from Bajaur Agency , which lies along the porous border with Afghanistan . It is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region . "  Everyone who supports the government against Taliban will face the same fate , " the Taliban spokesman said . Islam Zeb , a senior administrator in Bajaur Agency , told CNN on Friday the boys were walking to a picnic spot along a river to mark the end of the Muslim month of Ramadan when they were taken .	The group says it seized the boys to punish their tribe for forming a militia The boys are taken Thursday from Bajaur Agency Taliban : "  Everyone who supports the government ... will face the same fate "
CNN  -- Threats of a pre-emptive nuclear strike . Refusing to answer a hotline phone . Announcing the ending of the armistice . Even by North Korean standards , the threats this week by leader Kim Jong Un and ensuing actions have been incredibly provocative , making the situation on the Korean Peninsula more worrisome . Here 's a look at the Kim 's escalating rhetoric and his country 's actions since he came to power following his father 's death in 2011 : March 2012 As South Korea hosts world leaders at an international nuclear security summit in Seoul , North Korea moves a long-range rocket toward a launch pad . Pyongyang says it plans to carry out the test in mid-April as part of a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder . April 2012 Defying warnings by U.S. President Barack Obama that Kim has nothing to gain from provocations , Pyongyang launches the rocket . It breaks apart and falls into the sea . August 2012 Kim visits the same military unit behind a 2010 attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , where he reminds the troops to be ready to fight a "  sacred war " against Seoul . The North Korean leader makes the veiled threat just ahead of an annual war games conducted of the Korean Peninsula by the United States and South Korea . The dictator calls the joint Seoul-Washington military exercises a "  war rehearsal " to invade . October 2012 North Korea claims to have developed missiles that can reach the U.S. mainland . December 2012 Kim announces plans to launch another long-range rocket in a renewed effort to send a satellite into space . Two days after the government announces the launch window is being pushed back because of technical issues , the rocket lifts off from the west coast of North Korea . Pyongyang declares the mission a success . January 2013 North Korea announces it is planning a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it says are part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The threats come two days after the U.N. Security Council approves the broadening of sanctions in response to the rocket launch in December that apparently put a satellite in orbit . February 2013 North Korea carries out an underground nuclear bomb test on February 12 . The test is designed "  to defend the country 's security and sovereignty in the face of the ferocious hostile act of the U.S. , " the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency says at the time , referring to new U.S.-led sanctions . "  This nuclear test is our first measure , which displayed our maximum restraint . ... If the U.S. continues with their hostility and complicates the situation , it would be inevitable to continuously conduct a stronger second or third measure . " March 2013 Angered by U.N. Security Council sanctions over its nuclear test , North Korea threatens for the first time to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the United States and South Korea . It 's one of a series of threat that begins with Pyongyang threatening to scrap the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War . At the same time , it cuts off its direct phone links with South Korea at Panmunjom , the abandoned village that sits on the border between the two countries . On March 8 , North Korea doubles down on the threat , saying it is nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . One of the country 's top generals , according to published reports , claims Pyongyang has nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles that are ready to be fired . In a sign of crumbling relations , North Korea refuses to answer its hotline with South Korea , South Korea 's unification ministry said Monday , according to the Yonhap news agency . Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party , reports Monday that North Korea 's army has declared invalid the 1953 armistice agreement that ended the Korean War . With the declaration , Pyongyang makes good on its threat to nullify the armistice . CNN 's Elise Labott and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea declares invalid the armistice agreement that ended the Korean war NEW : North Korea refuses to answer its hotline with South Korea North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong Un , has steadily turned up the volume of threats Last week , the U.N. Security Council slapped North Korea with more sanctions
A restaurant manager died and one of his employees remained hospitalized after inhaling carbon monoxide at a Long Island mall , authorities said Sunday . Another 26 people were treated and released after the incident , according to hospitals . Police and emergency crews rushed to Walt Whitman Shops in Huntington Station , New York , on Saturday night after reports that a woman had collapsed in the basement of Legal Sea Foods . Once they arrived , they felt dizzy as well and determined that the cause was carbon monoxide poisoning , said police in Suffolk County , New York . "  Police evacuated the restaurant and found the manager , Steven Nelson , 55 , of Copiague , unconscious in the basement , " a statement said . "  He was transported to Huntington Hospital where he was pronounced dead . " A sign on the restaurant 's door Sunday said the building has been condemned as being unsafe and unfit for human habitation . Investigators found a leak in the flue pipe of the water heater , said A.J. Carter , a spokesman for the town of Huntington . Authorities sent the restaurant a summons for faulty equipment , which carries a fine of up to $ 2,000 , Carter said . Colorless , odorless carbon monoxide is produced by the incomplete combustion of fossil fuels like oil and natural gas . The restaurant did n't have a carbon monoxide detector . State fire codes require them only in establishments where people sleep , Carter said . Legal Sea Foods is subject to annual inspection , and there were no issues when a town official inspected the restaurant in March . The restaurant was scheduled for another inspection at the end of next month . The restaurant and surrounding businesses were evacuated as a precaution Saturday , but authorities said the carbon monoxide appeared limited to the basement of the restaurant . National Grid , the restaurant 's natural gas provider , shut off a gas line shared by Panera Bread and Legal Sea Foods as a precaution , Carter said . Before either restaurant can reopen , he said , they 'll have to get plumbers to check for leaks and receive certification from the town 's plumbing inspector . Boston-based Legal Sea Foods offered its condolences to Nelson 's family and said it planned to check safety at all of its restaurants as a result of the incident . "  The terrible tragedy highlights the inadequacy of the codes for carbon monoxide detectors in commercial spaces . In the wake of Saturday night 's tragic events , I have instructed our operations team to conduct an exhaustive safety check at all our restaurants . This includes not only ensuring that we meet local codes as we did in Huntington , but putting a plan in place to exceed them in order to safeguard everyone , " Legal Sea Foods CEO Roger Berkowitz said in a written statement . "  Stronger safety measures must be put in place , and I pledge to be at the forefront of this effort . " Grief counselors will be meeting with the restaurant 's associates , and their family and friends , Berkowitz said . "  Steve 's tragic death is a shock to all of us at Legal Sea Foods , " he said . "  He was one of the finest people we 've ever had the pleasure of working with . "	Legal Sea Foods CEO : "  Stronger safety measures must be put in place " Town official says investigators found a leak in water heater 's flue pipe 27 people were hospitalized after the incident Police and ambulance crews felt dizzy as well
Marjah , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Twelve Afghan civilians were killed Sunday when two rockets fired by coalition forces in southern Afghanistan missed their intended target , as the Taliban showed stiff resistance to the NATO assault against the militant group . "  We deeply regret this tragic loss of life , " U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander of the International Security Assistance Force , said in a statement . "  The current operation in Central Helmand is aimed at restoring security and stability to this vital area of Afghanistan . It 's regrettable that in the course of our joint efforts , innocent lives were lost . " Coalition forces fired two rockets with the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System at insurgents firing upon Afghan and ISAF forces , but they struck about 300 meters off their intended target , ISAF said . The incident happened in the Nad Ali district of Helmand province , where NATO forces have launched Operation Moshtarak , a huge offensive by an international coalition of 15,000 troops including Afghans , Americans , Britons , Canadians , Danes and Estonians . McChrystal conveyed his apologies to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , the statement said . Coalition forces have also suspended use of the HIMARS pending a review of Sunday 's incident . The intended target was an insurgent compound from where coalition forces were taking direct fire , ISAF said . NATO , which launched the effort Saturday , announced the offensive before it started so that citizens could get out of harm 's way . Karzai on Saturday had urged Afghan and international troops to exercise "  absolute caution " and ensure civilian safety . Helmand is a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment and awash with the opium used to fund the insurgency . Marjah , a region known as the heroin capital of Afghanistan , is where the Taliban has set up a shadow government . The Moshtarak operation also includes securing Kandahar and providing support to the government and police there , British Maj. Gen. Gordon Messenger said in a news release Sunday . The Taliban has had increasing influence in Kandahar . Officials said Sunday they did not know how many Taliban fighters remained in the Marjah region of Helmand province , but think they may be in the hundreds -- some of whom are holed up in civilian compounds . Taliban forces tried to overrun , successfully in some cases , several positions that coalition forces had secured inside the city , U.S. Marines told CNN . In one instance , three suspected suicide bombers breached a secure military area near Koru Chareh Bazaar , throwing three or four grenades inside the compound , Marine officials said . The insurgents were killed before they could detonate their bomb vests . The sporadic firefight continued throughout the day , with an average of two to three Taliban fighters being killed in each battle , the Marines said . "  It is not unusual for the Taliban to melt away to regroup . The threat is still present in the area that they might come back , and our troops are well aware of that , " Messenger told CNN . "  The troops are fighting in very open terrain , especially now during the winter , " he said . "  This is a very complex operation but it has worked extremely well . " Messenger emphasized the cooperation with the Afghan nationals as a key element in both preparing and executing this operation . "  The atmosphere among the locals remains positive , largely because elders on the ground knew about the operation ahead of time , " he said . "  The sense is genuinely that the population is prepared to give this a go . " Provincial spokesman Dawoud Ahmadi said 27 Taliban fighters have been killed . Afghan and international force also discovered a total of 2,500 kilograms  5,500 pounds  of explosives during the operation . The Taliban spokesman for the Marjah area claimed six Taliban casualties , saying militants had killed 192 Afghan and coalition troops . In the past , the Taliban has often inflated casualty figures . "  NATO forces have not captured any areas in Marjah from the Mujahadeen , " said Qari Yousif Ahmadi , the Taliban spokesman . Soldiers on Sunday found a weapons cache in the Nad Ali district that included two 155 mm artillery rounds , four pressure plates , blasting caps and batteries , according to ISAF . In another incident , coalition forces shot a man who refused to stop as he neared a coalition checkpoint despite repeated warnings to stop . No weapons were found on the middle-aged man , coalition forces said . Overall , Messenger said , Taliban resistance had not prevented coalition efforts to hold meetings , known as shuras , with local leaders . The coalition has been participating in these meetings to get Afghans on its side . "  There had been , and remained , very little Taliban interference . There had been small arms attacks from a distance which had tested the patrols , but nothing had stopped the mission from progressing or shuras from taking place , " Messenger said . More on Operation Moshtarak from Afghanistan Crossroads blog Officials said they hope Afghan forces and the government will maintain control , win allegiance from the citizens and provide farmers with an alternative to the poppy crops that pervade the region . "  Everyone understands that what has happened over the last 24-48 hours is the easy bit , " Messenger said in a news release . "  The hard bit , the challenge , is the enduring effort , is delivering the security which allows the Afghans to start providing for their people . " CNN 's Atia Abawi , Nic Robertson , Frederik Pleitgen , Barbara Starr and Per Nyberg and journalist Mati Matiullah contributed to this report .	ISAF commander apologizes after 12 civilians killed U.S. , Marine , British soldier killed , U.S. military official says Marjah region long a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment , awash with opium Coalition 's ground offensive follows air assaults
CNN  -- While all about him were losing their heads , Roger Federer kept his cool . In a week when grand slam champions have been falling like flies at the Australian Open , the old master survived a fourth-set fightback to defeat world No. 4 Andy Murray 6-3 6-4 6-7  6-8  6-3 . Federer 's win means he advances to the last four in Melbourne for the 11th year in a row , with his archrival Rafael Nadal standing between him and a sixth final . Top seed Nadal had beaten Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov earlier on Wednesday to continue his bid for a 14th grand slam title . Federer and Nadal met in the semifinals two years ago , the latter emerging victorious , while the Spaniard holds a 22-10 winning record over the Swiss star having won the last four matches between them . "  He 's been tough to play against , no doubt , " Federer told reporters when asked about Nadal . "  I 'm happy I get a chance to play him in a grand slam again . I do n't remember the last time we played . " Federer recently recruited six-time grand slam winner Stefan Edberg to his coaching team , with the Swede set to spent 10 weeks working with the former world No. 1 throughout the season . With Edberg now onside , Federer is hoping he can reverse his fortunes against Nadal . "  The head-to-head record is in his favor , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I 'm looking forward to speaking to Stefan , because when we spoke together , you know , when he came to Dubai and we spoke about the game , we clearly spoke about playing Rafa , as well . "  He thought he had some good ideas , so I 'm looking forward to what he has to say . " Nadal narrowly avoided joining second seed Novak Djokovic -- beaten by Federer 's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka on Tuesday -- on the sidelines , eventually overcoming Dimitrov , the Bulgarian 's cheering section and a nasty blister on the Spaniard 's left palm . The world No. 1 prevailed 3-6 7-6 7-6 6-2 , saving three set points in the third set . "  I was so lucky , " Nadal said in an on-court interview . "  I felt anything could happen in the third set . "  A lot of Bulgarians here today . Thanks everyone for supporting -- it was a great atmosphere . I hope you enjoyed it . I suffered a lot . " Nadal said the blister , which troubled him in the previous round , particularly affects him on serve and he duly struck three double faults in one game . But it was Dimitrov -- the man , now to his dismay , still being compared to Federer because of their similar styles -- who faltered on the key points . He missed a makeable forehand and return on two of his three set points in the third . His backers were frequently out of their chairs chanting his name throughout the three-and-a-half-hour encounter , prompting one fan to counter , "  Shut up and sit down . " Dimitrov left the court in tears and then became emotional when speaking to reporters . "  It should hurt , and it does hurt , " said the Bulgarian .	Roger Federer beats Andy Murray to reach the semifinals of the Australian Open The sixth seed appears in the last four for the 11th year in a row 17-time grand slam winner Federer advances to a meeting with top seed Rafael Nadal World No. 1 Nadal defeats Grigor Dimitrov in his quarterfinal
CNN  -- Yes it 's a dive hotel , but not that kind of dive hotel . An Italian spa complex has just opened a swimming pool certified by the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's deepest . Named the Y-40 Deep Joy , the pool is now the star attraction at the Hotel Millepini , located in the Montegrotto Terme resort area , near Venice . This is n't the kind of facility aimed at jaded business travelers hoping to cram in a few laps before they head upstairs to order room service . Deep Joy features a shaft that plunges down ... And down ... And down until it hits a depth of 42 meters  138 feet  , a space that could easily accommodate a 13-story building . Designed by architect Emanuele Boaretto and a year in the making , Deep Joy is expected to attract scuba enthusiasts and freedivers -- aquatic athletes whose incredible lung control allows them to spend minutes at depth on a single breath . Thermal springs The pool is filled with 4.3 million liters  1.1 million gallons  of thermal water from local springs , allowing divers to plunge without the skin suits they 'd need in open seas or lakes . It also contains underwater caves aimed at training scuba divers to negotiate sub-aquatic landscapes . There 's also a suspended transparent viewing tunnel that allows spectators to watch the divers in action . Deep Joy was inaugurated earlier this year at a ceremony in which Italian world freediving champions Umberto Pelizzari and Ilaria Molinari  who dressed like a mermaid for the occasion  plumbed its depths . The pool 's creators hope it will transform Montegrotto Terme into an international diving center and raise the profile of what is said to be Europe 's largest area of thermal springs . It 'll also be open to beginners who want to experience its depths under supervision . Just do n't drop your locker key . Y-40 The Deep Joy , Hotel Terme Millepini , 42 , Via Catajo , Montegrotto Terme , Padova ; +39 049 891 1766	Deep Joy swimming pool features a shaft that plunges to 42 meters below the surface Pool 's creators hope it 'll put Italy 's Mntegrotto Terme area on the diving map Scuba enthusiasts and freedivers are expected to make use of the facility
CNN  -- OK , so you probably own a smartphone . If you 're a student or someone who travels a lot for work , you almost certainly have a laptop . You may also have a tablet computer , which is great for consulting recipes in the kitchen or watching reruns of "  The Office " in bed . Now you 're expected to buy a miniature tablet , too ? Since Apple introduced its iPad Mini on Tuesday , some commenters on CNN , Twitter and elsewhere have expressed skepticism about the need for the new device . The Mini is slightly larger than rival tablets from Amazon and Google and about two-thirds the size of the current iPads . Prices start at $ 329 , or $ 70 less than a full-size iPad 2 but $ 130 more than a comparable Kindle Fire HD . Analysts agree Apple will probably sell millions of them . But Apple 's stock took a dive when the Mini 's price was announced , and a search of the blogosphere found less excitement among consumers than what greeted the original iPad or the last several iPhones . "  Apple sells the same item every year just in different sizes ... " said CNN commenter named JC Nevarez . Said Marc Georges on Twitter , "  There 's a woman next to me watching video on her Zune . It is the size of a small brick . In other news , Apple announced the iPad Mini today . " CNN commenter RDNinja wrote , "  They 've got so many different sizes of iPhones and iPads , why do n't they just custom-make every device to the dimensions I ask for when I buy it ? " Consumers could get whiplash from the way phones and tablets have grown and shrunk in size in recent years . Fueled by interest in watching video and playing games , smartphone screens have been gradually getting larger -- from about 3.5 inches , measured diagonally , to almost 5 inches . Meanwhile , tablets have been getting smaller . The original iPad and its first wave of rivals measured about 10 inches across , but more recent entries such as Amazon 's Kindle Fire and Google 's Nexus 7 have been 7 inches -- small enough to slip into a coat pocket . The iPad Mini measures 7.9 inches diagonally and is 5.3 inches wide -- pocketable , at least according to this blog . Blogger Dan Nosowitz , tongue planted in cheek , declared the Mini 's trade-paperback size will make it a more highbrow option for e-book lovers than the smaller Kindle Fire , which more resembles a mass-market paperback . "  Wide rectangles are classier than narrow rectangles , " he wrote . "  My conclusion : the iPad Mini will be for literary snobs , and the Kindle Fire will be for dumb-dumbs who read airport garbage books . Kindle Fire owners will read E.L. James , and iPad Mini owners will read E.L. Doctorow . You heard it here first . " As phones and tablets merge , manufacturers must find that sweet spot between a device that 's easily portable and one with a screen big enough not to cause eyestrain after an hour or two . "  It will clearly come down to personal preference , " said Ross Rubin , a principal analyst at Reticle Research . "  The dividing line has historically been what would fit in a pocket . Also , the traditional ergonomics of holding something next to your face , or holding something in one hand . " The Mini weighs less than half as much as a full-size iPad . In describing it on Tuesday , Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller said it was about the size and weight of a pad of paper . "  Barnes & Noble and Amazon have known this for a while -- that this size product strikes a great balance of mobility and capability for on-the-go usage , as well as ` single hand use , ' which is critical to reading and viewing . This has always been a drawback to the larger iPad . You simply ca n't hold it for a long period of time , " said Robert Brunner , an industrial designer whose firm helped develop Barnes & Noble 's Nook e-reader . "  As for whether iPad Mini is an addition or a replacement for iPad owners , it 's probably both , " added Brunner , who has also worked at Apple . "  Some crazy people will want both , and some will find its size more compelling for everyday use . Studies have shown that most iPads stay in the home , around the coffee table , but the iPad Mini will be a much more mobile device . " But there 's the question of how many gadgets people actually need . Will consumers shell out $ 329 and up  to $ 659 , depending on storage and connectivity  for a device that 's not that much bigger than the smartphone they already own ? Many online commenters say they do n't see the point . "  I COULD get the iPad Mini , or I could literally just keep using my iPhone and see no difference , " said Krista Doyle on Twitter . "  The iPad  revolutionary when it was released  deserves every bit of praise and success it has garnered thus far . But today , Apple did n't debut an innovative product , " wrote Jason Evangelho on Forbes.com . "  Today they debuted a clone . " Then again , people in 2010 expressed doubts about the original iPad , calling it little more than a bigger iPod Touch . Apple CEO Tim Cook announced Tuesday that the company has sold more than 100 million of them .	Some Web commenters say they do n't see the point of the new iPad Mini Consumers could get whiplash from how phones , tablets have grown and shrunk in size As phones and tablets seem to merge , manufacturers must find that sweet spot in between
Mental Floss  -- Which late night TV personality co-wrote "  It 's Raining Men " ? Who came up with the State Farm jingle before hitting the big time ? And who was the kid lit superstar who penned Johnny Cash 's "  A Boy Named Sue " ? Here are the surprising names behind 10 famous creations . 1 . "  Respect "  Otis Redding You have to respect Aretha Franklin 's pipes , but she did n't pen her signature song . Crooner Otis Redding wrote the tune as a bluesy plea to a woman for his third record , 1965 's soulful Otis Blue . Redding released the song as a single , and it even reached the top five on Billboard 's R&B chart and number 35 on the Pop Singles Chart . While Redding 's version is pretty great , the song did n't achieve immortality until Franklin recorded her chart-topping 1967 cover . The first time Redding heard Franklin 's cover , he simply said , "  She done took my song . " Mental Floss : 10 unexpected Secret Service duties 2 . "  Like a good neighbor , State Farm is there ! "  Barry Manilow Before Barry Manilow became a star , he put his Juilliard education to use by writing advertising jingles . In addition to the enduring State Farm jingle , he also cranked out "  I 'm stuck on Band-Aid , ` cuz Band-Aid 's stuck on me ! " Mental Floss : How to tweet yourself out of a job 3 . "  A Boy Named Sue "  Shel Silverstein Johnny Cash 's beloved tune came from a surprising source : poet Shel Silverstein . Although Silverstein is best remembered for his children 's poetry , he also penned songs for stars like Loretta Lynn , wrote plays and was a mainstay at the Playboy Mansion . Mental Floss : Silverstein 's unlikely rise to kid lit superstardom 4 . Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights  Peter Sagal Did you watch "  Dirty Dancing 's " futile attempts at putting Baby in a corner and think , "  This film feels incomplete . What we need is a prequel . Not just any prequel , though . One set in Havana ! " ? Apparently someone did . When producers decided to film a sequel for a 2004 release , they did n't just crank out a fresh story , though . Instead , they reworked a screenplay that NPR 's Peter Sagal , the host of "  Wait , Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! " had written in the early 1990s . Sagal 's original screenplay dealt with the true story of a young American girl who witnessed the Cuban revolution , but the version that made it to the screen sucked out all of the politics and replaced them with dancing . As you might have guessed , the film was a flop , but even though not a single line of Sagal 's dialogue made it to the screen , he got a story credit . 5 . "  It 's Raining Men "  Paul Shaffer Believe it or not , the Weather Girls did n't write all their own material . Stalwart songwriter Paul Jabara and David Letterman 's bandleader , Paul Shaffer , actually co-wrote the number-one dance hit . In a 2009 interview with USA Today , Shaffer quipped , "  You 've got to be a really straight man to write a song like ` It 's Raining Men . ' " Mental Floss : Nancy Reagan and Mr. T  as Santa ! 6 . The Monroe Doctrine  John Quincy Adams John Quincy Adams wrote the Monroe Doctrine while working as Secretary of State under James Monroe in 1823 . The concept that any further acts of colonization or meddling by European powers in the Western Hemisphere would be viewed as acts of aggression against the U.S. helped shape American foreign policy through the Cold War , but few people remember Adams ' contribution . Since Monroe introduced the doctrine during one of his State of the Union addresses , it bears his name . Amazing Found Photos of Life During Wartime 7 . "  Gettin ' Jiggy wit It "  Nas It 's a good thing Nas has hip-hop street cred to burn , because he co-wrote Will Smith 's 1998 dance single "  Gettin ' Jiggy wit It . " Smith 's track may not make anyone forget Nas ' Illmatic album , but it did spend two weeks atop the Billboard charts . 8 . "  Never Learn Not to Love "  Charles Manson This Beach Boys track , a cut from their 1969 album 20/20 , would probably have been doomed to obscurity if not for its backstory . In 1968 Beach Boys drummer Dennis Wilson was pals with an eccentric struggling singer-songwriter named Charles Manson . Yep , that Charles Manson . Manson gave Wilson a song called "  Cease to Exist , " and Wilson retooled the lyrics and the melody to create "  Never Learn Not to Love . " 9 . "  Me and Bobby McGee "  Kris Kristofferson Janis Joplin 's signature song was actually the result of another great songwriter 's struggles . In the mid-1960s , Kris Kristofferson was desperately trying to make it as a songwriter , but he was stuck working as a helicopter pilot for oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico . He banged out a tune about how liberating it felt to have nothing left to lose , and his star began to rise . Country singer Roger Miller and folk rocker Gordon Lightfoot both scored minor hits with the song , but it did n't become a smash until Joplin recorded her own cover , which was part of her posthumously released Pearl  1971  . Mental Floss : 13 bizarre stipulations in wills 10 . "  Islands in the Stream "  The Bee Gees This chart-topping duet for Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton came from the minds of disco icons . The Bee Gees originally wrote the song as an R&B track -- various rumors postulate that it was written with either Marvin Gaye or Diana Ross in mind -- but handed it over to Rogers instead . Smart move : the song topped the country and pop charts , went double platinum , and was the best-selling single of 1983 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Unexpected names are behind some classic songs and works One Beach Boys song includes retooled lyrics by Charles Manson "  Respect , " made famous by Aretha Franklin , was written by Otis Redding
CNN  -- The mother of a missing Iowa girl thinks there is a chance she and her cousin were abducted and are not at the bottom of a lake where dogs have led searchers . "  Because we have n't found them anywhere in the surrounding area , I feel like maybe they were taken , " Misty Cook-Morrissey , mother of 10-year-old Lyric Cook , told CNN on Wednesday . Lyric and 8-year-old Elizabeth Collins were last seen by their grandmother on Friday when they left on a bike ride . Missing girl 's grandma : ` We will fight ' The girls ' bicycles and a purse were found near Meyers Lake hours after they were reported missing . Scent dogs following the girls ' trail led searchers around the lake and stopped at the water 's edge , Cook-Morrissey said . Authorities are draining the lake , but the operation is taking longer than originally expected . Officials expect the lake to be drained by Friday , said Chief Deputy Rick Abben of the Black Hawk County Sheriff 's Office . Mom : Dogs searching for Iowa girls stopped at edge of lake But Cook-Morrissey said the girls do n't go to the lake . "  They do n't swim there . My daughter is familiar with swimming in lakes , so I do n't think she would be scared of this lake , but they do n't come here and swim here , " she said . Cook-Morrissey said she 'd be "  more comfortable " with the theory that the girls might have been abducted "  once they drain the lake and we find nothing there . " "  If you 've taken our kids , " she said on national TV , "  bring them back . " The FBI brought two dogs to the area to search Monday night , spokeswoman Sandy Breault said . Authorities did all they could with the dogs , and the animals wo n't be used again unless there is a new development , she said . Authorities said Tuesday that they did n't know whether the girls had been at the lake . "  We have their bicycles , and we have the purse , and that does n't tell me that they 've been there , just that those items are there , " Abben said . The family has been questioned and polygraphed and had information taken from their cell phones , a process Cook-Morrissey said is hard but necessary . "  We know that it 's a necessary measure they have to take to get as much information as they can and of course rule us out , so we did what we have to do , " she said . Questioning has taken Cook-Morrissey and other family members away from the lake , which is hard , she said . "  Not that being out here might make a difference , but in your heart you want to be close to where they were last seen , " she said . When Deutsch heard that two little girls were missing in his town , he said , the first thing he did was to make sure every city asset that was needed was made available to the county sheriff . Family ` bracing for the worst but hoping for the best ' The next thing he did was take to the air , taking off in his twin-engine plane and flew over his town , looking for any sign of Lyric and Elizabeth . "  It just makes you sick , " said Deutsch , who knows both families . In this town , neighbors know exactly how many people live there -- 4,751 -- and the small community has never suffered through anything like the worrying going on now , the mayor said . The search remains a missing persons case , authorities said . No evidence has been found to suggest this is a crime , Deutsch said , but it is a mystery that has the whole community looking for two of their own . "  We just want our girls home , " Tammy Brousseau , an aunt to both girls , told CNN 's "  AC360Ëš . " "  We 're bracing for the worst but hoping for the best . " Calls are coming in to a tip line , Abben said , and each bit of information is being checked out . Police ask that anyone who may have seen the girls on Friday contact authorities . Lyric 's grandmother Wylma Cook said she does n't believe that the girls intended to go swimming . "  I do n't think they would have even known the way to Meyers Lake , " she told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Tuesday . Heather Collins , Elizabeth 's mother , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that if the girls were abducted , she would not pass judgment . "  We just want our children brought back , " she said .	NEW : Officials expect the lake to be drained by Friday Mother says the family has been polygraphed , which is hard but necessary Mother says the girls do n't go to or swim in Meyers Lake Scent dogs ran around the lake and stopped at the water 's edge
CNN  -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest . I am proud of my Muslim faith and my modesty . I am proud to follow God 's law . Nobody ever forced me to wear the full veil and I have been wearing it for around 10 years now . In fact , very few of my friends actually wear one . There are , of course , situations in which some men force their wives or daughters to wear the burqa but , believe me , these cases are a very , very small minority . For those of us who are believers , we just want to do God 's will and live by the sacred text , so what any man says has nothing to do with that . I am testament to that as I do n't have a husband and I practice my religion freely , that 's why I 'm always shocked when people say it 's the husband who forces his wife to wear a burqa . It is actually the case that a lot of men in France do not wish their wives to wear the full veil because when they go out , they are insulted or attacked and their husbands do n't want them to be put in that situation . I first started wearing the full veil when I was a teenager but I stopped for a while because when you 're young , you do n't want to be set apart , you want to look like everyone else . But later after seeing what was happening with terrorist attacks involving Muslims all over the world , I decided to become more conscious and find out more about my faith . In the process , I found myself becoming more spiritual and decided to start wearing the burqa . Now , my liberty is being threatened with this law proposed by the French government . If this law is passed , it will be a great injustice . It is very unfair that they are even considering this law . Perhaps the French authorities are terrified that women will start dressing like this , despite evidence to the contrary . Why am I , as a Muslim woman , targeted unfairly , when there are less than 2,000 of us in France who wear the burqa ? Where is my freedom of clothing or expression ? France prides itself as a country that upholds the rights of man but where are my rights ? Why am I not free to wear what I want ? Many cite security reasons because they ca n't tell who is under the veil . But myself and a lot of women who wear the burqa are always happy to identify ourselves when asked . In the past , I have taken off my veil when it is asked of me -- as long as it 's a woman who does it . My religion demands that I cover my face in front of any man who is not either my brother , father or husband . I have been wearing the veil in France for years and it has never been a problem , I use public transport like everyone else and I 've never had any problems . Although , it can be quite strange when I 'm on a bus for example and people say to me : ` You poor thing , we feel sorry for you . ' And I wonder exactly why they feel sorry for me . I 'm very happy wearing the veil and it makes me spiritually fulfilled as I 'm practicing my religion , so I do n't really see it as anything to pity me for . I really believe that France is scared of Muslims , which is the motivation for this law , but people should n't generalize as not all Muslims are the same . Yes , some have done terrible things , but it is done in the name of man , never in the name of God . I , as a French Muslim woman , have nothing but love in my heart towards all people . And whatever the outcome , if France succeeds in banning the veil on its streets , I will never take mine off . My freedom means a lot to me and if this law is passed , I would rather move to another country where I can worship in peace . I obey the laws of God not the laws of man . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oumkheyr .	French Muslim Oumkheyr speaks to CNN about why she chooses to wear the burqa Has worn the veil for 10 years and never been forced to wear it , she says A French parliament report has called for a ban on the burqa in schools , hospitals Oumkheyr : "  I really believe that France is scared of Muslims "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- I 've spoken to doctors in Baghdad before , but never one this optimistic . Solar panels similar to these are bringing renewable and regular power to two clinics in Iraq . When I interviewed Dr. Thamer Al-Musawi , he told me his clinic is offering new hope to their patients . Not because of any new medicines housed inside . But because of the high tech equipment placed on the outside -- 64 solar panels to be precise . About 4 months ago , they were installed on the roof of the Al-Dakhil Medical Center , where Dr. Thamer works , as part of a project being underwritten by the U.S. Military and supported by Iraq 's Health Ministry . Only two other clinics in all of Iraq have been given access to the same technology . Dr. Thamer excitedly explained its significance . "  It means we can give our patients the care and medical aid they need , " he said , "  and we can do it 24 hours a day . " Round the clock medical care may not sound like anything special , but in Iraq , where the power grid is unreliable and blackouts are frequent , most clinics can open only a few hours a day . And that 's not the worst of it . Without dependable electricity , Dr. Thamer explained , certain medications ca n't be kept at the right temperatures . At one point , Al-Dakhil even had to cancel their children 's vaccine program because the vaccinations could n't be stored properly . That all changed with the arrival of the panels -- for a few months at least . The clinic recently suffered a setback . Before we visited , someone tampered with a key circuit board and that 's preventing the clinic from using electricity still being stored in the batteries . Until it 's fixed , Al-Dakhil is back to using what most other clinics must use , expensive and polluting diesel generators . But that has n't dampened Dr. Thamer 's enthusiasm . He fully expects the solar panels will be powering the clinic again within a few days . As a doctor in Baghdad , he 's faced far worse , and he 's determined to overcome this challenge . More than anything , he simply wants to make sure his patients can get access to the best care possible .	CNN visited one of only three solar-powered clinics in whole of Iraq Despite setbacks , clinic doctor is optimistic clinic will benefit from solar Grid is unreliable , medicines can not be stored ; hopes solar will eliminate problems
Before her wedding , Katharine McPhee talked with InStyle about meeting her future husband , picking the ring and her wedding day . InStyle.com  -- Every bit the blushing bride , American Idol alum Katharine McPhee gushes about her producer fiance , Nick Cokas , and shares their plans for a big , fat , half-Greek wedding . Q : How did you and Nick meet ? We met in 2005 , doing a show in Los Angeles called The Ghost and Mrs. Muir . -LSB- Cokas was a producer . -RSB- I had just turned 21 and had no idea what I was doing with my life . I was totally focused on my career . Plus , I was at my wit 's end with this other boyfriend . Nick and I went on a few dates . We would go to a bar , and then go back to his car . It was so high school . We 'd kiss in the car and then talk until like four in the morning . It was very sweet . Q : Tell us about your gown . It 's a Manuel Mota for Pronovias . It originally had lace straps that were very beautiful , but I really like my shoulders . That part of my body is one of my favorites . I wanted to show off my shoulders and my back a little bit for the wedding . And the people at R-Mine Bridal Couture , where I bought it said , "  No problem . We can make it into a sweetheart neckline . " Watch how she looked at wedding " Q : Are you going to wear a veil ? Yes , but I was n't going to at first . I thought , "  Who wears veils over their heads anymore ? This is 2008 ! " But now I am excited to wear one . I think it will be good because I might be teary-eyed when I 'm coming down the aisle ... or nervous . My dad 's going to pull it back for me when we get to the altar . The thing about weddings is it 's the one time in your life that you actually get to wear a big , poofy dress . Unless you 're getting an Academy Award , you really do n't have opportunities like that , so you might as well take advantage of it . I say , "  Go big ! This is your wedding . Go big ! " Q : Do you have any advice for other brides ? Remember that it 's your wedding day . Nick and I talk about this a lot . We 're having these amazing musicians come for the cocktail hour and we 're having this huge gospel choir , this huge band and everything 's big , big , big . The dress is big , and we have so many groomsmen and bridesmaids , but you know what ? At the end of the day , it 's really about the expression of commitment in love and marriage . So , do n't get too carried away . A wedding is about the commitment of love that you 're making to your partner . It 's as simple as that . Q : Will any of your Idol "  classmates " be performing ? Mandisa is actually going to sing at the ceremony . She is going to sing this song that means a lot to me and Nick . It 's called "  Stay with You " by John Legend , and we 're going to have the gospel choir behind her . And then Kellie -LSB- Pickler -RSB- will be there , but I do n't know if she 'll sing . She might just hang out . Q : Tell us about your ring . Did you pick it out together ? Nick designed it with jeweler Cindy Boudov , an amazing woman who does everything by hand . The poor thing -LSB- Cokas -RSB- . I was all over the place . We 'd be in this store , we 'd be in that store , and I was , "  I want that one , " and he 'd be , "  But you just said you wanted a pear shape . " And then I 'd be , "  Oh , look at this antique ring . I want it to look like that , really antique looking . " He was , "  Oh my god . " He did an amazing job . It 's just beautiful , so I 'm a happy girl . -LSB- McPhee 's ring is a 3-carat-brilliant-cut round diamond set in platinum . -RSB- Q : What are your honeymoon plans ? We 're leaving the day after the wedding for Maui . We 've never been there before . I really want to ride in a helicopter and go hiking , and I want to take surf lessons . I am not much of a lay-on-the-beach kind of girl . I want to be in the ocean . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	American Idol alum Katharine McPhee had second thoughts about veil She had her "  big , poofy dress " changed to show off her favorite bits Her husband Nick Cokas helped design her engagement ring
CareerBuilder.com  -- People are losing their jobs left and right these days , and it 's not because of the economy . It 's because of what they say . President Obama relieved Gen. Stanley McChrystal of his job as commander of all U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan Wednesday , because of negative remarks the general and his aides made about several officials in the Obama administration that were published in a Rolling Stone magazine article . The comments made were pretty clear that the general did not agree with many of the policies and decisions made about the war in Afghanistan . McChrystal is n't the first U.S. general to be sacked by a commander-in-chief . George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and Harry Truman are among those who have done the same during wartime . In a statement , Obama gave his reasons for the decision : "  The conduct represented in the recently published article does not meet the standard that should be set by a commanding general . It undermines the civilian control of the military that is at the core of our democratic system . And it erodes the trust that 's necessary for our team to work together to achieve our objectives in Afghanistan . " While not everyone is going to be the subject of Rolling Stone feature , more and more people are airing their grievances bosses to the public via Facebook , Twitter and texting ... and getting in trouble for them . For every story you see in the newspaper about this issue , I bet there are many more that are n't reported . Just this week , a friend told me she might have to let an employee go based on a Facebook post . So can you disagree with your boss without losing your job ? Yes , but it 's how you do it that can make or break your employment . Most importantly , you should do is address the issue directly with your boss in a respectful manner . Joseph Grenny , coauthor of "  Crucial Confrontations , " gives some tips on how to do this . 1 . Get your motives right . Sometimes we wait to bring up concerns until we 're irritated . This is ineffective because at that point our goal is no longer to be constructive , it 's to punish . Before opening your mouth , ask yourself , "  What do I really want ? " 2 . Start with safety . Begin by clarifying your respect and your intent . Help your boss understand that your intent is to provide a different viewpoint you feel will help achieve your mutual goal . 3 . Start with the facts . Once you 've created safety , you start describing your concerns facts first . Do n't lead with your judgments or conclusions . Start by describing in non-judgmental and objective terms the behaviors that are creating problems . 4 . Do n't pile on . As you lay out the facts , monitor safety . If your boss becomes defensive , pause for a moment and check in . Reassure them of your positive intentions and allow them to express any concerns they have . 5 . Invite dialogue . Finally , having shared your concerns , encourage your boss to share their perspective . Invite dialogue . The result of your openness will be a greater openness on your boss 's part as well . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Gen. Stanley McChrystal is n't the first general who clashed with commander-in-chief It 's HOW you disagree with your boss that can make or break your employment Get your motivation clear and start by clarifying your respect and intent Lead with facts , monitor boss ' reaction and invite discussion
CNN  -- Bill Haslam , the mayor of Knoxville and considered a moderate Republican , easily won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor Thursday , the Associated Press projected . With 76 percent of the state 's precincts in , AP reported Haslam had 48.2 percent of the vote as he defeated Congressman Zach Wamp and Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey . Halsam , who helped fund some of his own campaign , will now face Mike McWherter , a Democratic businessman and son of a former governor . The race is to succeed Gov. Phil Bredesen , a Democrat , who is prevented by term limits from running for a third term . Political handicappers think Republicans have a good shot at winning back the governor 's office . Republican Governors Association spokesman Tim Murtaugh in a statement : "  Bill Haslam emerges as a strong candidate headed toward November , having beaten a pair of qualified office holders in a spirited primary . As Tennessee faces great economic challenges , Bill Haslam will be a strong voice for job creation , fiscal restraint and individual freedom . "  A successful mayor and businessman , he has the leadership experience necessary to create jobs and grow the economy . We look forward to seeing him elected the next governor of Tennessee . " Democratic Governors Association executive director Nathan Daschle said , "  Mike McWherter has spent his career growing jobs and strengthening the economy . The only thing Bill Haslam has increased in his career is Knoxville 's taxes and unemployment rate . " "  Voters are looking for someone with the know-how to move the state in the right direction , and that candidate is Mike McWherter , " Daschle added . The race grabbed national attention last month because of controversial comments by two of the challengers . Wamp appeared to suggest that Tennessee should consider secession in light of mandates forced on the states by the Obama administration 's health care bill . The eight-term congressman later stepped back from those comments . Ramsey also drew attention to himself last month after he was seen in a YouTube video questioning whether Islam is a religion . He was expressing his opposition to the expansion of a mosque in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , which has become a hot-button issue in the city about 35 miles southeast of Nashville . Ramsey , who has been endorsed by 20 Tea Party organizations , said he is a supporter of religious freedoms , but such protections may not extend to bringing "  Shariah -LSB- Islamic -RSB- law into the state of Tennessee ... into the United States . " "  Now , you could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion , or is it a nationality , way of life , a cult , whatever you want to call it , " he continued . "  But certainly we do protect our religions , but at the same time , this is something we are going to have to face . " Following criticism , Ramsey defended his comments , saying , "  My concern is that far too much of Islam has come to resemble a violent political philosophy more than peace-loving religion . " In a high-profile Congressional primary , AP projected two-term Democratic Rep. Steve Cohen overwhelmingly defeated former Memphis Mayor Willie Herenton . The campaign in the 9th District , which covers Memphis and has a large African-American population , was dominated by race . With 78 percent of precincts in , AP says Cohen had 79.4 percent of the vote to Herenton 's 20.6 percent . Herenton has been urging voters to elect him as the only African-American member of the state 's congressional delegation , saying , "  It is as if only white people live in the great state of Tennessee . No African-Americans . I believe that it is very clear to the majority of the citizens of this community that we lack representation . " Cohen , who served as a state lawmaker in the area before being elected to Congress , has campaigned on what he 's done for education and health care in the area . "  I represent everybody and I work hard for people to get them opportunities . And I just think that race should not be an issue in 2010 , " he said . President Barack Obama and the Congressional Black Caucus backed Cohen . AP projected Stephen Fincher the winner in the 8th District Republican primary . Finch has 50 percent of the vote over Ron Kirkland at 24.6 percent and George Flinn at 22.2 percent . The race , for Rep. John Tanner 's seat , is noteworthy because the Center for Responsible Politics has called it the most expensive House primary in the country , Finch will face Roy Herron , the projected winner of the Democratic primary , in November AP projects him the winner in the Democratic 8th District Primary .	NEW : Cohen is projected winner of GOP 9th district primary Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam has 48 percent of the vote in the GOP tgovernor 's primary The GOP winner will face Democrat Mike McWherter The GOP race grabbed national attention last month
CNN  -- A 22-year-old woman whose claims that she was abused in a trailer in rural West Virginia in 2007 helped send six people to prison now says she made up the story , her lawyer said Wednesday . Attorney Byron Potts says his client is not being pressured to recant her story . "  She is recanting her entire story , " attorney Byron Potts told reporters in Columbus , Ohio , about his client , Megan Williams , who moved there after the incident . "  She says it did not happen . She fabricated it . " He added , "  She wanted to get back at her boyfriend . She was mad at him . " In 2007 , police acting on a tip found the black woman in a trailer with cuts and bruises . She said she had been stabbed in the leg and beaten , sexually assaulted , forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slur by her white captors . The suspects included a mother and son , a separate mother and daughter , and two men . All are still jailed , according to the prosecutor who handled the case . The incident , which drew extensive media coverage , stirred outrage around the country . Civil rights activist the Rev. Al Sharpton called for the incident to be investigated as a hate crime . Last year , all six defendants pleaded guilty and were given terms of up to 40 years in prison . Potts said his client was coming forward "  to right the wrong perpetrated on these six individuals . " He added that she told him all her injuries except for the bruises on her face were self-inflicted . The bruises , he said , were from an altercation she had had with her then-boyfriend before the incident in question . Potts described Williams ' feelings as "  total remorse ; that 's why she 's coming forward . She is remorseful for having these people spend time in jail . " Asked if she was being pressured to recant , he said , "  No , she 's not being pressured into this . " Williams had been expected to speak herself , but Potts said she would not appear before the news media because she was afraid for her safety . He said she was "  fully aware " that she might face criminal charges , "  but she still wanted to go forward with this . " Brian Abraham , the former Logan County prosecutor who handled the case , defended the convictions . "  The case was n't based on her statements , " he said , noting that Williams never testified in the case . "  The case was based on the evidence discovered by the police , including the confessions of the six defendants . " He added , "  All six of them have been in jail without filing appeals . If they file something afterwards , the evidence was pretty overwhelming for the charges on which they were convicted . " The current county prosecutor , John Bennett , said he could not comment on whether the case would be reopened . He said he represented one of the suspects in 2007 and so would let a judge decide how to handle the potential conflict of interest . Sharpton said , "  If they are being held under false information and she misled authorities , and if the authorities went solely on her testimony , then they should be released . " But he added , "  If there are other circumstances around the recanting , we should know what they are . "	6 people in prison for beating , sexual assault of Megan Williams Williams ' lawyer says she made story up to hurt ex-boyfriend 6 defendants pleaded guilty , were given terms of up to 40 years Williams alleged she was forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slur
CNN  -- Veteran Jim Furyk produced the round of the day at the Tour Championship in Atlanta after carding a score of 64 at East Lake . The American birdied six of the first nine holes to record an outward 29 as he raced through the field . Furyk won the FedEX Cup $ 10 million prize two years ago and looked to have an incredible opportunity to record a 59 after hitting seven birdies in the first ten holes . He also claimed birdies at the 15th and 17th but bogeys at the 13th , 16th and 18th left him just two shots clear at the top of the leader board . England 's Justin Rose shot a 68 to move into second place on six-under-par . The joint overnight leader hit five birdies to remain in contention following his opening round of 66 . But World No. 1 Rory McIlroy remained in pole position to claim that $ 10 prize for overall winner of the playoffs after producing his 10th consecutive sub-70 score . McIlroy sank a 25-foot eagle putt on the 16th to ensure he finished with a round of 68 and leave him four shots off the lead at halfway . The Northern Irishman was joined on three-under-par by Americans Robert Garrigus and Zach Johnson after both players hit rounds of 69 . Woods and Rose share first round lead But Tiger Woods , who shot an opening round 66 to share the lead with Rose , struggled to produce a repeat performance . Woods , whose last win came at July 's AT & T National , could only manage a 73 to leave him on one-under-par , a setback to his challenge to McIlroy for the playoffs title . Masters champion Bubba Watson moved into contention on five-under-par alongside Bo Van Pelt , with Matt Kuchar and Dustin Johnson a shot further back . Last year 's money list winner Luke Donald of England shot a 69 to finish level par at the halfway stage , while his compatriot Lee Westwood was 28th out of 30 on five-over-par following a disappointing round of 73 . .	Jim Furyk leads the way after stunning start to second round Rory McIlroy in control of the race for the $ 10 million FedEx Cup bonus after a 68 Tiger Woods falls down the leaderboard as he shoots one-over 73 Justin Rose to play alongside Furyk in third round
CNN  -- Gabon 's President Omar Bongo , Africa 's longest-serving ruler , died Monday morning , the country 's prime minister said , settling conflicting reports from government and media accounts . Gabon 's President Omar Bongo , who died Monday , was Africa 's longest-serving ruler . Calm was reported after the announcement , but Gabon 's Ministry of Defense nonetheless announced it was closing all of the country 's land , air and sea ports , according to a ministry statement . The statement , which was broadcast on state television and radio , said that in "  the best interest of the nation , the Ministry of Defense calls on the population to increase their vigilance and patriotism during this difficult and painful time the country is facing . " In a statement , Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong said Bongo suffered cardiac arrest at a hospital in Barcelona , Spain . "  He dedicated his political life to his country and the Gabonese people , always cultivating the unity and cohesion of the Gabonese toward a true peace , " Ndong said . The government declared a 30-day national period of mourning . Bongo , 73 , had been receiving treatment for intestinal cancer at the Quiron clinic in Barcelona , Spain , according to the Gabonews agency . Earlier in the day , the prime minister strongly refuted initial French news reports of Bongo 's death . He had vowed to lodge a protest with the French authorities about "  repeated leaks in the French press . " Shortly afterward , hospital officials reported Bongo 's passing to Gabonese officials . Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after the West African country 's independence from France . He imposed one-party rule a year after succeeding the country 's first president , who died in office . He allowed multiparty elections after a new constitution in 1991 , but his party has retained control of the government since then . President Obama said Bongo "  played a key role in developing and shaping the strong bilateral relationship that exists between Gabon and the United States today . " "  President Bongo consistently emphasized the importance of seeking compromise and striving for peace , and made protecting Gabon 's natural treasures a priority , " Obama said in a statement Monday . "  His work in conservation in his country and his commitment to conflict resolution across the continent are an important part of his legacy and will be remembered with respect . " CNN 's Per Nyberg and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense Ministry closing all of the country 's ports after leader 's death Bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after Gabon 's independence from France At the time of his death , he was being treated in Spain for intestinal cancer Earlier Monday , there had been conflicting reports about the state of Bongo 's health
CNN  -- A whistle-blowing Russian lawyer whose death in custody strained U.S.-Russia relations was posthumously convicted in a tax case in a Moscow district court Thursday , state-run legal news agency RAPSI reported . Sergei Magnitsky was convicted of tax evasion -- a verdict that comes after he died in 2009 in a Moscow detention center . The United States alleges Magnitsky was beaten to death in detention , a claim that Russian authorities reject . Magnitsky 's 2008 arrest and tax charges came after he uncovered Russia 's largest known tax fraud in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . The U.S. State Department believes Magnitsky was persecuted because he "  was blowing the whistle of confiscation of private assets and misuse of private assets , " a State Department official said in a background briefing with reporters earlier this year . U.S. lawmakers responded to Magnitsky 's death by passing the December 2012 Magnitsky Act , a law that imposes visa bans on and freezes the assets of 16 Russian officials that U.S. officials allege were connected to his death , abuse or detention . Thursday 's verdict prompted more criticism from U.S. officials . "  The trial was a discredit to the efforts of those who continue to seek justice in his case , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  Despite widely publicized , credible evidence of criminal conduct resulting in Magnitsky 's death , authorities have failed to prosecute those responsible . "  We continue to call for full accountability for all those responsible for Magnitsky 's wrongful death , and we 'll continue to support the efforts of those in Russia who seek to hold those individuals accountable . " Sen. Robert Menendez , the New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Thursday that Magnitsky 's posthumous conviction "  is nothing short of a message to Russia 's activist community of the repercussions of opposing the state . " Russia 's lawmakers responded to the Magnitsky Act with their own list , slapping similar sanctions on 18 Americans it called rights violators . Russian President Vladimir Putin last year called the Magnitsky Act "  another anti-Russian law " and an "  imperialist approach to foreign policy . " In December , Putin signed into law a measure that would ban the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families starting in 2014 -- a move also widely seen as retaliation for the Magnitsky Act . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jason Hanna , Alla Eshchenko , Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The verdict draws criticism from U.S. officials The conviction of Sergei Magnitsky comes nearly four years after this death Magnitsky died in a Moscow jail in 2009 ; the U.S. alleges he was beaten to death His death prompted the United States to freeze the assets of certain Russian officials
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The Thai capital is on edge Wednesday as police brace for demonstrations over a bill to be presented in parliament that would grant amnesty to people jailed for acts committed during outbursts of political unrest in recent years . Concerns over the protests have prompted the government to invoke special temporary security measures to prevent demonstrators from entering certain areas of Bangkok , including a zone around the parliament building . Authorities deployed thousands of police officers equipped with riot gear Wednesday to seal off the areas . Proposed by a lawmaker from the governing Pheu Thai party , the controversial bill would absolve protesters charged , prosecuted , and convicted for acts against the state since the military coup in September 2006 that brought down former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Most of those convicted are members of the "  Red Shirt " movement that supported Thaksin . His sister , Yingluck Shinawatra , is the current prime minister of Thailand . The groups organizing demonstrations in opposition to the bill say they fear it could set the stage for Thaksin 's return from exile . Thaksin left Thailand in 2008 after he was convicted of conflict of interest charges . He was sentenced in absentia to two years in prison . Tensions between pro- and anti-Thaksin groups reflect deep divisions in Thai society that erupted into violence in 2010 . Protests by the Red Shirts against the government at the time led to a military crackdown during which more than 90 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Worachai Hema , the lawmaker from Yingluck 's party who has proposed the amnesty bill , says it aims to help people who were unfairly prosecuted for expressing their political views . But human rights organizations have warned that the bill could absolve people who ordered or carried out abuses . "  The ruling party 's amnesty bill lets both soldiers and militants responsible for deaths during the 2010 upheaval off the hook , " said Brad Adams , Asia director at the advocacy group Human Rights Watch .	Thousands of police officers are deployed in Bangkok The government has invoked temporary security measures for the protests Demonstrators oppose a bill that would grant amnesty for people jailed in political unrest Human rights groups warn that the bill could let people who carried out abuses off the hook
Mental Floss  -- Having a disease named after you is a decidedly mixed bag . On the one hand , your scientific developments are forever commemorated . On the other hand , though , you 're stuck with the knowledge that no patient will ever be happy upon hearing your name . Who are the scientists and doctors behind some of our most famous diseases and conditions , though ? Here are a few of the physicians and their eponymous ailments : 1 . Crohn 's disease The inflammatory digestive disease could just have easily ended up with the name Ginzburg 's disease or Oppenheimer 's disease . In 1932 , three New York physicians named Burrill Bernard Crohn , Leon Ginzburg , and Gordon Oppenheimer published a paper describing a new sort of intestinal inflammation . Since Crohn 's name was listed first alphabetically , the condition ended up bearing his name . 2 . Salmonellosis Yes , the salmonella menace that haunts undercooked chicken is named after a person . Daniel Elmer Salmon was a veterinary pathologist who ran a USDA microorganism research program during the late 19th century . Although Salmon did n't actually discover the type of bacterium that now bears his name -- famed epidemiologist Theobald Smith isolated the bacteria in 1885 -- he ran the research program in which the discovery occurred . Smith and his colleagues named the bacteria salmonella in honor of their boss . Mental Floss : Margherita pizza , other foods named after people 3 . Parkinson 's disease James Parkinson was a busy fellow . While the English apothecary had a booming medical business , he also dabbled in geology , paleontology , and politics ; Parkinson even published a three-volume scientific study of fossils . Following a late-18th-century foray into British politics where he advocated a number of social causes and found himself briefly ensnared in an alleged plot to assassinate King George III , Parkinson turned his attention to medicine . Parkinson did some research on gout and peritonitis , but it was his landmark 1817 study "  An Essay on the Shaking Palsy " that affixed his name to Parkinson 's disease . 4 . Huntington 's disease George Huntington was n't the most prolific researcher , but he made his papers count . In 1872 , a fresh-out-of-med-school Huntington published one of two research papers he would write in his life . In the paper , Huntington described the effects of the neurodegenerative disorder that now bears his name after examining several generations of family that all suffered from the genetic condition . 5 . Alzheimer 's disease In 1901 , German neuropathologist Alois Alzheimer began observing an odd patient at a Frankfurt asylum . The 51-year-old woman , Mrs. Auguste Deter , had no short-term memory and behaved strangely . When Mrs. Deter died in 1906 , Alzheimer began to dissect the patient 's brain , and he presented his findings that November in what was the first formal description of presenile dementia . Mental Floss : 4 people with super memory 6 . Tourette syndrome Credit George Gilles de la Tourette for his modesty . When the French neurologist first described the illness that now bears his name in 1884 , he did n't name it after himself . Instead , he referred to the condition as "  maladie des tics . " Tourette 's mentor and contemporary Jean-Martin Charcot renamed the illness after Tourette . Tourette did n't have such great luck with patients , though . In 1893 , a deluded former patient shot the doctor in the head . The woman claimed that she lost her sanity after Tourette hypnotized her . Tourette survived the attack . 7 . Hodgkin 's lymphoma British pathologist Thomas Hodgkin first described the cancer that now bears his name while working at Guy 's Hospital in London in 1832 . Hodgkin published the study "  On Some Morbid Appearances of the Absorbent Glands and Spleen " that year , but the condition did n't bear his name until a fellow physician , Samuel Wilks , rediscovered Hodgkin 's work . 8 . Bright 's disease The kidney disease bears the name of Richard Bright , an English physician and colleague of Hodgkin 's at Guy 's Hospital . Bright began looking into the causes of kidney trouble during the 1920s , and in 1927 he described an array of kidney ailments that eventually became known as Bright 's disease . Today , doctors understand many of the symptoms historically clumped together as Bright 's disease are in fact different maladies , so the term is rarely used . 9 . Addison 's disease Guy 's Hospital was apparently the place to work in the 19th century if you wanted to have a disease named after you . Thomas Addison , a colleague of Bright and Hodgkin at Guy 's Hospital , first described the adrenal disorder we call Addison 's disease in 1855 . On top of this discovery , Addison also published an early study of appendicitis . Mental Floss : 11 celebrities who overcame dyslexia 10 . Tay-Sachs disease Although both of their names are attached to this genetic disorder , Warren Tay and Bernard Sachs did n't work together . In fact , they did n't even work in the same country . Tay , a British opthalmologist , first described the disease 's characteristic red spot on the retina in 1881 . In 1887 Bernard Sachs , a colleague of Burrill Crohn at Mount Sinai Hospital , described the cellular effects of the disease and its prevalence among Ashkenazi Jews . 11 . Turner syndrome The chromosomal disorder got its name from Oklahoma doctor Henry Turner , who first described the condition in 1938 . 12 . Klinefelter 's syndrome The genetic condition in which males have an extra X chromosome bears the name of Harry Klinefelter , a young Boston endocrinologist who published a landmark study while working under the tutelage of endocrinology star Dr. Fuller Albright in 1942 . Albright pushed his young protégé to be the lead author of the paper that described the condition , so the young Klinefelter 's name is forever associated with the syndrome . 13 . Asperger 's syndrome Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger first described the syndrome that now bears his name in 1944 after observing a group of over 400 children who suffered from what Asperger described as "  autistic psychopathy . " Interestingly , since Asperger 's research was all written in German , his contributions to the literature went unrecognized until much later . The term "  Asperger 's syndrome " did n't come into widespread usage until 1981 . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Alzheimer , Addison and Crohn used to be just names of people But they are now attached to the diseases that they identified or studied Austrian Dr. Hans Asperger described autistic syndrome in 1944 Crohn 's name linked to disease because it was listed first among 3 authors of study
CNN  -- At least 40 people died when a crowded river boat sank in central Vietnam Sunday -- on the eve of the Lunar New Year . People stand around bodies of victims from the river boat accident . The boat sank in the Gianh River as it was leaving a pier in the Quang Binh province , the state-run Vietnam News Agency said . Among the 40 victims were many women and children , the agency said . Witnesses told the daily newspaper Thanh Nien that passengers on the boat were headed to a market on the other side of the river to shop on the last day of the Year of the Rat . Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety , the newspaper said . The new lunar year , Year of the Ox , began Monday .	Crowded river boat sink in central Vietnam on the eve of the Lunar New Year Among the 40 victims were many women and children Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- African countries should invest in broadband infrastructure to improve the welfare of their people , according to Ajai Chowdhry , co-founder and CEO of HCL Infosystems , the global IT services provider . The Indian entrepreneur , who is often described as India 's equivalent to Bill Gates , said access to information will be critical in solving many of the continent 's problems . "  I 've a very strong belief that Africa should take a leadership position in putting up broadband right down to every village and you 'll see the change , " he said . "  If you give people information you can actually transform Africa . " Chowdhry was co-chair of the World Economic Forum  WEF  in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania last May . With the theme "  Rethinking Africa 's Growth Strategy , " WEF 's summit focused on the continent 's relationship with major economic partners and looked at its options for a sustainable future . In 1976 , Chowdhry co-founded HCL in a Delhi garage , along with five others deployed emerging microprocessor technology to create India 's first personal computer . He urged African nations to connect to each other in a similar way to the European Union . "  Your power to negotiate becomes better if you all come together , " he said . Connectivity is a familiar issue for Mr Chowdhry . His company , which has now grown to become a global enterprise , with 65,000 employees , has been awarded a major contract by the Indian government to implement "  Pan-Africa " -- a networking project that will enable Africa 's 53 heads of state to communicate over videoconferencing . Mr Chowdhry spoke to CNN about the business ties between India and Africa and his company 's expansion plans . CNN : Is India really eyeing Africa as an investment opportunity ? Ajai Chowdhry : There are many traditional links between Africa and India , for more than 40 years . If you look at 1949 , local currency here in Tanzania was the Indian rupee . A lot of Africans have gone to India to study and for medical tourism , because we have great medical facilities . Our prime minister enjoys also deep connects with different heads of state in Africa , so there 's a lot of interest both from the private sector and the government . CNN : What do Indian companies gain by working in Africa ? Obviously money is the ultimate end but what specifics can they get from Africa ? AC : It 's a question of a billion Indian people and a billion African people -- the problems and solutions in India are absolutely the same as in Africa . So if you actually create products for India they can definitely be sold into Africa and similar solutions can be created . CNN : What 's the importance of the South-South trade ? Have you seen a difference in the past few years ? AC : Yes , there is a deep shift taking place and India specifically is very interested in growing its ties with Africa in many ways . There 's a whole bunch of Indian companies that have actually come and set-up training centers in Africa and more are coming in . CNN : The subcontinent is often lauded for where it 's come from and where it 's now . Why has Africa struggled to match ? You said India has a billion people , Africa has a billion people . Where is that disconnect happening ? AC : Its ' probably the fact that India is one country -- in Africa you are looking at 50 odd countries so obviously there are rules , regulations , governments that are different -- that 's really Africa 's challenge . But if all of Africa comes together , pretty much like what 's happening in Europe , then I think the whole situation will change and they can actually bargain better for cooperation with other parts of the world . Your power to negotiate becomes better if you all come together . CNN : What challenges have you come across in your investments in Africa ? AC : We have n't really found any great challenges , because for us the conditions are so similar . We are quite used to diversity because in India , although it 's one country , there are 30 different states . Plus , what we 've seen is a lot of trust between Africans and Indians because of what 's happened in the past . CNN : What can Africa provide to Indian companies , other than just markets ? AC : Markets are of course very important , but one of the areas we would be looking at is to have other locations to work out from . So maybe one day when we do n't want to do some of the outsourcing work that we do for the U.S. , UK or European companies , then maybe we can actually partner with African companies to actually deliver . CNN : Africa has been long settled with the reputation of providing minerals and raw products . Do you think there is hope for manufacturing and skills now ? AC : Definitely manufacturing because you have to look at your domestic market . India emerged out of the problems in the last years pretty much unscathed , because we have a huge domestic market . But the one area where Africa can make a big difference is by not just looking at putting up roads -- it should look at putting up internet broadband-type infrastructure . One question I 've always answered is why are the poor , poor . The reason why is because they do n't have information . If you give people information you can actually transform Africa . I 've a very strong belief that Africa should take a leadership position in putting up broadband right down to every village and you 'll see the change . If you actually make something like that happen in Africa , the continent will be transformed .	Access to broadband internet is key for Africa 's future , says Ajai Chowdhry HCL Infosystems boss says African countries should ` come together ' like the European Union Both private and public sectors in India are interested in investing in Africa , he says
CNN  -- Dozens of Chinese criminal suspects living in Angola were sent back to Beijing on a chartered flight over the weekend , state media reported . The 37 suspects were allegedly involved in a variety of crimes , such as kidnapping , human trafficking and forcing women into prostitution , according to the Xinhua news agency . Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims , who were sent from the capital of Luanda , on the same flight Saturday , Xinhua said . The suspects lured women to Angola with promises of jobs and forced them to engage in prostitution , Chinese police said . Chinese officials worked with authorities in the African nation and dismantled 12 Chinese criminal gangs , the report said . It was the largest crackdown on crimes targeting Chinese nationals in Africa , officials said . "  The joint law enforcement action opened a new chapter in the police cooperation between China and Africa , and will safeguard the safety and other legitimate rights of Chinese citizens and institutions in Angola , " said Liu Ancheng , director of criminal investigation in China . Angola , which is rich in resources , is a major trading partner with China . Driven by their appetite for natural resources , trade opportunities and political alliances , countries such as China and India are moving from the sidelines to the center stage in Africa . China overtook the United States as Africa 's biggest trade partner in 2009 . While Western countries are still important players in Africa 's energy sector , the deepening engagement of China in Africa 's infrastructure , mineral sector and telecommunications is creating "  deep nervousness " in the West , said David Shinn , the former U.S. ambassador to Burkina Faso and Ethiopia .	The 37 suspects were allegedly involved in a series of crimes , including kidnapping Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims , who were sent home on the same flight They allegedly lured women to Angola with promises of jobs
Concerns about even remote chances of Ebola exposure rippled Friday from a U.S. airline to a cruise ship off Belize , with Frontier contacting hundreds who flew with an infected nurse and Carnival quarantining a health worker only tangentially linked to an Ebola patient 's care . The airline 's move relates to Amber Vinson , a Dallas nurse who treated an Ebola patient and then was diagnosed with the virus this week after flying round trip between Dallas and Cleveland . A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention official said Thursday she could have had symptoms earlier than believed -- a period possibly covering her two flights on Frontier Airlines . Frontier spokesman Todd Lehmacher said that , by early Friday evening , airline officials had contacted as many as 800 passengers , including those on Vinson 's October 10 flight to Cleveland , her October 13 return flight to Dallas and five other trips taken by the latter plane before it was taken out of service . The CDC , even as it said these passengers have an extremely low chance of getting Ebola , is reaching out to those on Vinson 's flights . Vinson is one of two nurses at Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital who became ill with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian man who was the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and died October 8 . She was hospitalized Tuesday , one day after her return flight from Ohio , where she was visiting family and planning her wedding . Vinson was moved Wednesday to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . The other nurse , Nina Pham , is being treated at a National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland . Authorities initially said Vinson had a slightly elevated temperature of 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit  37.5 Celsius  , which was below the fever threshold for Ebola , but did n't show any Ebola symptoms on her Monday flight . This is significant because a person is n't contagious with Ebola , which spreads through the transmission of bodily fluids , until he or she has symptoms of the disease . Her uncle , Lawrence Vinson , said Thursday night his niece did n't feel sick until the morning after her return to Dallas . And the CDC 's Dr. Chris Braden said Friday that Vinson did n't have classic Ebola symptoms like a sore throat , fever or muscle aches on her trip . But Braden said that she may have started feeling off on October 11 , and investigators could n't rule out her illness starting the previous day -- when she flew from Texas to Ohio . "  She rested for a long time on some days ; she said she felt funny , " he said of Vinson 's state during her trip . "  Those types of things , but nothing specific . " Ebola in U.S. : Who has it , who does n't , who might Belize refuses to let possible Ebola case disembark The Frontier passengers and crew members are n't the only ones to find themselves thrust into the Ebola story . So , too , are 16 people being monitored in northeast Ohio -- including two employees at a bridal store Vinson visited -- because they were in the vicinity of or had contact with her , health officials there say . There also are 48 people who had contact with Duncan in Texas before he was hospitalized . Their 21-day monitoring period , during which their movement has been restricted , will end Sunday , at the latest . "  Monday afternoon is when we 're going to start piecing our lives together , " Aaron Yah said . Yah said he is the husband of Youngor Jallah , the daughter of Duncan 's fiancee . Yah said he had n't been able to go to work the past three weeks . Then there are the 76 health care workers involved in Duncan 's treatment , one of whom is now in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico and a diplomatic kerfuffle . That Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital worker did not have direct contact with Duncan , but "  may have had contact with his specimen , " the U.S. State Department said on Friday . It has been 19 days since that may have happened -- two days shy of the maximum 21-day Ebola incubation period . Carnival CEO Arnold Donald told CNN 's Richard Quest the woman is a lab supervisor and "  has no symptoms whatsoever . " Even so , she was isolated on the ship . "  We have a lot of experience in the cruise industry , " said Donald , citing diseases such as SARS , H1N1 and the flu . " ... The CDC has protocols in place ; we 're following those protocols . " The vessel is heading back to Galveston , Texas , with the passenger on board . But that 's not what the U.S. government wanted . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the plan was for the passenger to get on land in Belize , then be flown back to the United States . The Belize government refused to let the passenger leave the ship , given the potential Ebola exposure , despite a plea from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to Belize Prime Minister Dean Barrow . "  There 's a lot of misinformation out there and a lot of fear about this disease , much of it not rooted in actual facts , " Harf said , adding that Belize authorities "  could have handled  this situation  differently . " Belize 's government responded Friday night , in a statement in which it also announced it is barring travel from Sierra Leone , Liberia , Guinea and Nigeria , by saying it "  regrets  being  unable to move " the Dallas hospital worker "  and her traveling companion " onshore for evacuation from an international airport . "  This decision was made out of preponderance of caution for the welfare of the citizens and residents of Belize , " said the government , which did n't dispute that the passenger was low risk . Nurse : My neck was exposed All but a few of the thousands of documented Ebola cases originated in West Africa . Yet it 's the two cases that spread here -- Vinson and Pham -- that have caused a fury in Texas , fueling fears and complaints about the procedures meant to keep health care workers safe . One of those affected is Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital nurse Briana Aguirre . She said Thursday that the Dallas hospital did n't give her proper gear while she cared for Pham , even though it was more than a week into the Ebola response there . Aguirre told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the gear she was given -- when she cared for Pham for one day -- included a Tyvex suit , gloves and booties that covered most of her body , but not her neck . "  I just told them , ` Why would an area so close to my mouth and my nose ... be exposed ? ' " Aguirre told Cooper . "  And they did n't have an answer . " She said she asked supervisors about new gear and was told it had been ordered . But she said the better equipment should have been procured more quickly , and raised concerns for her colleagues who were more involved in Ebola care . "  I just know that the  two  nurses that have been infected , they were dealing with the same equipment while they were dealing with so much more than I dealt with personally , " she said . "  They put their lives on the line and without the proper equipment . " She also said that prior to Duncan 's arrival in late September , nurses at the hospital had no mandatory Ebola training and only an optional seminar . The hospital has said its professionals wore equipment consistent with CDC guidelines at the time . Dr. Tom Frieden , the CDC 's director , admitted at a congressional hearing Wednesday that "  some forms of " health care workers ' protective equipment "  did allow exposure of some parts of the skin . " Given such concerns and the fact Pham and Vinson got Ebola at work , the CDC "  very soon " will put out updated guidelines on putting on and removing protective gowns , masks , gloves and other gear , agency spokeswoman Barbara Reynolds said Friday . Kerry : ` We have to do more ' in West Africa There have been eight confirmed cases of Ebola in the United States : Duncan , three missionaries , an NBC News freelance cameraman and a World Health Organization doctor infected in Africa , plus the two Texas nurses . The missionaries have all been released from hospitals , while the others are being cared for at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , Nebraska Medical Center and the National Institutes of Health hospital in suburban Washington . U.S. authorities ' response goes well beyond providing medical care . Federal , state and local governments , Customs and Border Protection , various health agencies and even the U.S. military have all played a part in the response so far . Thousands of American troops will help in West Africa , performing duties such as flying in supplies , building field hospitals and helping local authorities with logistics . Several U.S. military officials told CNN on Friday that the Defense Department is considering sending anywhere from a dozen to 100 of its health care professionals to help CDC officials in the region . The Obama administration also will appoint Ron Klain -- former chief of staff to Vice Presidents Joe Biden and Al Gore -- as his "  Ebola czar " in an effort to help streamline America 's response . There 's also a press to recruit other countries to devote their own resources and money to help stem the months-long outbreak in West Africa , where all but a few of the roughly 9,200 reported Ebola cases and 4,555 deaths have occurred , according to the World Health Organization . Kerry , the U.S. secretary of state , expressed disappointment Friday in the international response , saying "  we are barely one-third of the way " to hitting the United Nations ' $ 1 billion fundraising goal for the Ebola fight . "  We have to do more and we have to do it quickly , " Kerry said . " ... If we do n't adequately address this current outbreak now , then Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio that we will end up fighting -- all of us -- for decades . "	Belize : Passenger with Ebola link not let in "  out of preponderance of caution " Kerry calls Belize 's leader to ask if cruise passenger can disembark , is rebuffed 2 Dallas nurses contracted Ebola while caring for patient Thomas Eric Duncan Spokesman : Frontier done contacting up to 800 on flights linked to one nurse
CNN  -- He was an outspoken critic of one war , but a hero in another . He was a leading Democrat who came from Republican roots . He was a politician who cared more about being on the right side of an issue than on the popular side . George Stanley McGovern -- a staunch liberal who served South Dakota in the U.S. Senate and House for more than two decades and who ran unsuccessfully as the Democratic Party nominee for president in 1972 -- died Sunday at the age of 90 , his family said . "  Our wonderful father , George McGovern , passed away peacefully at the Dougherty Hospice House in Sioux Falls , SD , surrounded by our family and life-long friends , " his family said in a statement . Highlights of George McGovern 's life "  We are blessed to know that our father lived a long , successful and productive life advocating for the hungry , being a progressive voice for millions and fighting for peace . " President Barack Obama praised McGovern as someone who showed a lifelong love of country . "  When the people of South Dakota sent him to Washington , this hero of war became a champion for peace , " the president said in a written statement . "  And after his career in Congress , he became a leading voice in the fight against hunger . George was a statesman of great conscience and conviction . " Others remembered him for the changes he brought to politics . "  I think he 'll be remembered , obviously , for his stance on the war in Vietnam , " said Bill Richardson , the former governor of New Mexico , "  but also for his contributions on agriculture , on hunger . "  And then the Democratic Party . He transformed the party , the primary system , getting minorities involved . He was a gigantic figure and a classy , good , good guy . " Politicians pay tribute Funeral services are scheduled to take place in Sioux Falls on Friday , one day after a public viewing in the same city . Bill and Hillary Clinton said they first met McGovern while campaigning for him in 1972 . The former president and current secretary of state said McGovern never stopped speaking out for the causes he believed in . "  We must continue to draw inspiration from his example and build the world he fought for , " the Clintons said in a written statement . "  The world has lost a tireless advocate for human rights and dignity . " The son of a Methodist minister who was a Republican , McGovern was born in Avon , South Dakota , on July 19 , 1922 . Six years later , his family moved an hour north to Mitchell , where McGovern graduated from Mitchell High School in 1940 . His debating skills won him a scholarship to Dakota Wesleyan University in Mitchell , where he met fellow student Eleanor Stegeberg . Three years later , they married . All five of their children were born in Mitchell . McGovern 's political skills came to the fore in college , where he was twice elected class president and won the state oratorical contest on the topic "  My Brother 's Keeper , " which laid out his liberal beliefs . In 1942 , he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Forces and went on to fly 35 combat missions as a B-24 bomber pilot in Europe . He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross . After the war , he returned to college , graduating in 1946 . McGovern attended Garrett Seminary for a year before entering Northwestern University in Chicago , where he got his master 's and doctoral degrees in American history and government . He returned to Dakota Wesleyan University in 1950 as a professor of history and political science , leaving in 1955 to help the South Dakota Democratic Party and launch his political career . In 1956 , he won a seat in Congress . He was re-elected two years later . After losing a bid for the U.S. Senate in 1960 , McGovern was named special assistant to the president and director of the Food for Peace Program by President John F. Kennedy . Opinion : McGovern , a strong man who overcame defeat Two years later , he was elected to the Senate . He was re-elected in 1968 and 1974 . He served on Senate committees on agriculture , nutrition , forestry and foreign relations , and the Joint Economic Committee . He also served three years on the Commission on Party Structure and Delegate Selection , which changed the way states picked their delegates , before leaving it in 1971 to run for president . In 1972 , McGovern was selected as the Democratic Party nominee for president on a platform that included ending the war in Vietnam at a time when the country was torn over U.S. involvement there . "  Let us resolve that never again will we send the precious young blood of this country to die trying to prop up a corrupt military dictatorship abroad , " he said , to applause , at the Democratic convention in Miami Beach , Florida . He called the unemployment of more than 5 million Americans "  the most false and wasteful economics of all " and said his highest domestic priority would be "  to ensure that every American able to work has a job to do . " He called for an end to a system of economic controls "  in which labor is depressed but prices and corporate profits run sky high , " and he called for national health insurance and "  a fair and just tax system . " But the campaign started out poorly . He selected as running mate Sen. Thomas Eagleton of Missouri , after a background check that did not turn up the fact that Eagleton had been treated for mental illness , which was revealed soon after . Eagleton withdrew and McGovern then tapped Sargent Shriver , a brother-in-law of John F. Kennedy and U.S. ambassador to France . The pair ended up losing in a lopsided vote for incumbent Richard Nixon , with the McGovern ticket earning only 17 electoral votes -- from Massachusetts and the District of Columbia -- to Nixon 's 520 . McGovern reflected on that defeat in a September piece in The Washington Post , calling it "  a significant personal setback " that left him "  genuinely stunned . " Opinion : McGovern was ahead of his time "  The loss is there , an old wound never fully healed . My disappointment was certainly personal , made deeper by the awareness that many thousands of young Americans , and far more Vietnamese and other Asian citizens , were going to and did lose their lives with the Nixon administration 's continuation of the war , " he wrote . "  And I was upset that my supporters would carry the burden of the loss , too -- something that has weighed on me all these years . " But he added , "  I am optimistic about the country , and I am convinced that McGovern for President 1972 helped put those ideals within sight and completion today . " Sen. John Kerry said Sunday that McGovern never let the political popularity of a subject determine whether he supported a cause . "  George McGovern was a voice of clarity and conviction at a time when America needed it most , " Kerry said . "  He spoke to many of us who opposed the war but loved our country , because he was the genuine article , a soft-spoken , decent and gentle man who lived a remarkable life with humility . " After his presidential loss , McGovern returned to the Senate , where he was re-elected in 1974 . But he was beaten when he sought a fourth term in 1980 , a victim of what became known as the Reagan Revolution that swept conservatives into power and their views into vogue . Four years later , he tried again to win the Democratic presidential nomination , but dropped out . Former Vice President Walter Mondale became the nominee -- only to lose to Reagan in another lopsided race . Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said Sunday that McGovern was more than a very down-to-earth man . "  George was actually a very complicated person , " Gingrich said . "  He was not a pacifist . His argument over Vietnam was about that particular war . He was a citizen . " After leaving the Senate , McGovern taught at a number of schools , including Columbia University , Northwestern University , Cornell University , American University and the University of Berlin . He served as the president of the Middle East Policy Council from 1991 to 1998 . President Clinton appointed him ambassador to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome and , in 2000 , awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom . In 2001 , McGovern was named the first United Nations global ambassador on hunger . In the 2008 presidential campaign , McGovern switched his allegiance from Hillary Clinton to Barack Obama . But in a 2009 commentary in the Post , he lashed out at the Obama administration over its policies in Afghanistan and reflected on one of the hallmarks of his political life . "  As a U.S. senator during the 1960s , I agonized over the badly mistaken war in Vietnam , " McGovern wrote . "  After doing all I could to save our troops and the Vietnamese people from a senseless conflict , I finally took my case to the public in my presidential campaign in 1972 . Speaking across the nation , I told audiences that the only upside of the tragedy in Vietnam was that its enormous cost in lives and dollars would keep any future administration from going down that road again . "  I was wrong . " In lieu of flowers , the family is requesting donations to Feeding South Dakota . Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived	NEW : Funeral services are set for Friday in Sioux Falls , South Dakota President Obama says George McGovern fought for country , then for peace McGovern may be most remembered for losing to Richard Nixon in 1972 landslide He served South Dakota in the Senate for three terms , also served in House
London  CNN  -- Gareth Williams , the MI6 codebreaker found dead inside an externally locked bag in his apartment in 2010 , was probably not killed as previously believed , London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday , citing a lack of evidence otherwise . Taking a different position from a coroner 's report last year that said it was likely someone killed Gareth Williams , London 's Metropolitan Police said its three-year investigation suggested that Williams most likely locked himself inside the large bag . Read more : Coroner finds spy likely suffocated or poisoned "  We believe that it is a more probable conclusion that there was no other person present when Gareth died , " Deputy Assistant Commissioner Martin Hewitt said . But the Met said that despite its investigation , there remained insufficient evidence to be definitive on how Williams died . "  There are holes in what we understand about the circumstances of Gareth Williams ' death , " Hewitt said , admitting that some of the evidence is "  odd . " This includes the lack of Williams ' DNA on the padlock used to lock the large red bag his body was found in and the lack of hand prints on the edge of the bath where it was found , he said . "  What we are left with is either individual pieces of evidence , or a lack of such evidence , that can logically support one of a number of hypotheses , " Hewitt said . The case has gripped the British public since Williams , known for his mathematical genius and code-breaking talent , was found dead at age 31 in August 2010 . Among the theories aired by UK media were that Williams might have died at the hands of foreign intelligence agents or as a result of a kinky sexual encounter gone wrong . Added to that speculation was the discovery of women 's clothes , wigs and cosmetics in Williams ' apartment . At the inquest into his death last year , coroner Fiona Wilcox shot down that speculation , saying she thought Williams bought them out of an interest in fashion , rather than any sexual motivation . Read more : Mysterious spy death grips Britain Other reports about the "  body-in-a-bag spy " detailed how two experts spent days trying to figure out whether Williams could have contorted himself in such a way as to lock himself into the North Face holdall bag , with a key to the padlock inside . Video of two experts trying to recreate the scene was showing to the court . One had tried 300 times without success , but neither ruled out definitively the possibility Williams could have somehow done it alone . "  It is now proven that it is theoretically possible for a person to lock themselves in that exact holdall , with the same type of lock , and in the configuration in which Gareth was found . It is important to note that this fact was found to be a possibility by the inquest , " Hewitt said . Meanwhile , family members suggested Williams had been murdered by killers versed in the "  dark arts " of espionage . Referring to speculation that Williams ' flat might have been forensically cleaned by unknown people responsible for his death , Hewitt said Wednesday that a deep-clean would have removed all traces of Williams ' DNA as well that of visitors to his flat . He said 10 to 15 traces of DNA had been found that were too insignificant to use to build a full profile and said advances in forensic science could "  present opportunities for progress . " For the time being , however , there are "  no active lines of enquiry that it is proportionate to pursue . " Williams ' family expressed their regret that mystery still surrounds his death but said they agree with the coroner 's verdict "  on the basis of the facts at present known . " "  We are naturally disappointed that it is still not possible to state with certainty how Gareth died and the fact that the circumstances of his death are still unknown adds to our grief , " they said in a written statement . The family reiterated their disappointment that Williams ' employers at MI6 had not checked on his welfare when he failed to attend work on August 16 , 2010 . Williams was finally reported missing by a co-worker on August 23 , more than a week after the normally punctilious employee had last shown up at work . "  We believe that if proper steps had been taken in the same manner as any reasonable employer would have undertaken , further information relating to the cause of his death might have become apparent and not have been lost due to the length of time before Gareth 's body was found , " they said . The family also noted that the Met 's investigators "  were at last able to interview directly members of  UK intelligence agencies  GCHQ and SIS . " Addressing media , Hewitt disputed a suggestion that police had been "  blindsided " in their investigation by intelligence agencies but acknowledged that their method of interaction had improved during the investigation . "  We did n't get it right at the beginning , " he said . Initially , he said , the only Met officers to deal with the intelligence agencies were those in SO15 -- or counterterrorism command . The SO15 officers had assessed Williams ' vetting and personnel files and found nothing relevant to the case . After the inquest , the senior investigating officer in the case personally requested and was granted access to the files and came to the same conclusion , Hewitt said . "  The investigation into Gareth 's death will remain under review , and any new significant information or evidence will be robustly investigated , " he said . "  If it is possible for us to give his family more answers we will do so . "	MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams ' body was found locked in a bag in his apartment in 2010 A coroner 's inquest into his death concluded it was likely someone had killed him But Scotland Yard says it thinks it 's most likely no one else was involved in Williams death However , it says there remains insufficient evidence to be definitive on the case
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- The bombing that ripped through a popular cafe in the Moroccan city of Marrakech apparently was set off at a distance , the state-run news agency said on Friday , citing the nation 's interior minister . Maghreb Arabe Presse quoted Taib Cherqaoui as saying that preliminary investigations show that the Thursday assault was conducted by people who remotely detonated the bomb . That development would rule out suspicions of a suicide mission . "  We will investigate this act of terrorism and find those responsible ... and their nationality , " Cherqaoui told reporters about the attack . "  We condemn it as a criminal act . " Also , a French police team has been sent to Morocco to assist authorities in their probe , the French Foreign Ministry said Friday . Authorities revised the death toll from 16 to 15 in the strike , which also injured nearly two dozen people . In an address on state-run television Thursday , Cherqaoui and King Mohamed VI said the fatalities included six French nationals , five Moroccans , and four others whose nationalities were not divulged . CNN has learned that two of those slain were Russian . The incident occurred around 11 a.m. at Cafe Argana in Marrakech 's old city , which is designated by the United Nations cultural arm as a World Heritage Site . Tourists flock to old city in high numbers this time of the year , and it is usually packed with stalls , story-tellers and snake-charmers . World leaders moved quickly to condemn the incident . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was "  appalled , " according to a statement from his office . "  He reiterates his firm rejection of the use of indiscriminate violence against innocent civilians and maintains that no political objective justifies or is served by such heinous acts . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States "  condemns in the strongest terms  Thursday 's  terrorist attack , " adding , "  Acts of terrorism must not be tolerated wherever and whenever they occur . " And French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe condemned what he called a "  barbarian terrorist attack , which nothing can justify . " Juppe said French authorities will provide assistance to French nationals in Marrakech . A German tourist described a chaotic scene following the blasts . "  We were walking around the souks , right around the corner from Cafe Argana , " said the tourist , who was about 50 meters from the blast when it occurred . "  We heard a gigantic boom , and everyone immediately starting running towards the square to see what happened . " The woman , who did n't want her name used , told CNN the top floor and terrace of the cafe were "  ripped apart " by the blast , which caused hundreds of people to run from the area . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and journalist Martin Jay contributed to this report	NEW : Death toll is revised downward to 15 NEW : Bomb is remotely detonated , interior minister said . NEW : French police are to help Moroccans in the investigation
CNN  -- Robin Williams will undergo heart surgery , according to his publicist . Actor-comedian Robin Williams was on an 80-city tour for his one-man show . The 57-year-old actor and comedian postponed his one-man show tour and entered a hospital for testing this week after suffering a shortness of breath . Williams will undergo an aortic valve replacement , the publicist said . "  I 'm so touched by everyone 's support and well wishes , " Williams said in a statement . "  This tour has been amazing fun and I ca n't wait to get back out on the road after a little tune-up . " The publicist would not say when or where the surgery will take place . The surgery is similar to the procedure former first lady Barbara Bush underwent Wednesday . Bush 's surgeon , Dr. Gerald Lawrie , described it as "  a very routine procedure " from the doctors ' perspective . Williams was in the middle of an 80-city tour of his "  Weapons of Self-Destruction " show , which is expected to resume in the fall , the publicist said . His Web site says the shows "  highlight Williams ' trademark free associations and riffs on social and political absurdities . " Williams rose to fame in the mid-1970s as the childlike alien Mork , who first appeared on an episode of "  Happy Days " and then was spun off into his own show , "  Mork and Mindy . " His manic standup comedy , combining impersonations , commentary , jokes and nonsense in high-speed profusion , was and remains his trademark . View a timeline of Williams ' life and career " Williams began his movie career with 1980 's "  Popeye , " but succeeding films , such as 1982 's "  The World According to Garp " and 1984 's "  Moscow on the Hudson , " countered his wild standup persona with quiet , pensive performances .  The performer had attended New York 's famed Juilliard School to study drama in the 1970s , where one of his classmates was Christopher Reeve . It was n't until 1987 's "  Good Morning , Vietnam , " which managed to combine Williams ' frenzied comedy style with more sober drama , that he broke through as a film star . He was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of "  Vietnam 's " DJ Adrian Cronauer . Other Williams films include "  Awakenings "  1990  , "  The Fisher King "  1991  , "  Mrs. Doubtfire "  1993  , "  Good Will Hunting "  1997  and "  Insomnia "  2002  . He won a best supporting actor Oscar for "  Good Will Hunting . " Williams has been active in charitable endeavors , most notably the Comic Relief program , which raises money for various causes . Williams ' current heart problems are n't the first time he 's coped with health issues . In August 2006 , the comedian and actor checked himself into an alcohol rehab center . "  After 20 years of sobriety , Robin Williams found himself drinking again and has decided to take proactive measures to deal with this for his own well-being and the well-being of his family , " his publicist told CNN at the time .	Robin Williams to have aortic valve replacement Williams suffered shortness of breath while on tour with comedy show Actor and comedian won Oscar for performance in "  Good Will Hunting "
CNN  -- A 25-foot dead whale washed ashore on New York 's Jones Beach Island on Thursday morning , a New York State Parks official said . George Gorman , director of recreational services for New York State Parks , told CNN that officials believe it 's a humpback whale . Jones Beach Island is a barrier island bordering the south of Long Island and a popular recreational spot for New Yorkers . The New York State Marine Mammal and Sea Turtle Stranding Program -- a branch of the Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation that rescues and rehabilitates marine animals -- was called to examine the whale and remove it from the beach . Riverhead officials estimate that the animal weighs 20 to 25 tons . The group is moving the animal out of the path of the incoming tide with a tractor . An necropsy will be performed Friday and then officials will determine where to bury the remains .	25-foot dead whale washes ashore on New York 's Jones Beach Island It 's estimated to weigh 20 to 25 tons Experts are moving the whale up the beach Thursday ; will perform an necropsy Friday
CNN  -- A car bomb at a military base has killed at least 10 people in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi , in the latest violence to wrack the cradle of the North African country 's uprising . The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base , Libya 's state news agency LANA reported , quoting a military source in the city . The car was loaded with a large amount of explosives , it added . Speaking on Libyan television , Ammar Mohammed , a spokesman for the Libyan Health Ministry , said the bombing killed at least 10 people and wounded 23 . LANA said at least seven soldiers were killed and nine people were wounded . Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began . Three years later , it is the scene of almost daily attacks and targeted assassinations , specifically against security officials . While no one has claimed responsibility for the violence that has gripped the city for more than a year , many residents and officials blame it on Islamist extremist groups operating in eastern Libya . Benghazi is the largest city in eastern Libya , where some groups want more autonomy and a greater share of the region 's oil wealth . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base , news agency says The Benghazi bombing also injured 23 people , the Libyan Health Ministry says But news agency says at least seven soldiers were killed and nine people wounded Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began
CNN  -- Authorities in northeast Texas were assessing damage Monday morning after a tornado destroyed homes , knocked train cars off their tracks and injured at least four people . Five homes in Rice , Texas , were destroyed as 125 mph winds whipped through a seven-mile swath of Navarro County Sunday evening , said Eric Meyers , the county 's emergency management coordinator . Meyers rode out the tornado inside a vehicle and videotaped the twister as it tore the roof off a school about a block away . "  We are in the tornado ! We are in the tornado ! " Meyers yells several times in the video . "  The sheer power was just amazing , " Meyers said in an interview Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning " program . The storm , which struck around 5:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  , also turned over an 18-wheeler truck onto a passenger car , knocked 11 cars from a freight train off their tracks and caused extensive damage to Rice Elementary School , Navarro County Chief Deputy Mike Cox said . Video : ` People screamed , cried , and prayed ' as tornado passed Four people were taken to the hospital with minor injuries , he said . In addition to "  significant damage " from the storm moving through Navarro County , witnesses also reported possible tornadoes in other parts of northeast Texas Sunday evening , the National Weather Service said . Callers reported four tornadoes in Lone Oak , Texas , Fire Chief Chris Moore said , but authorities had not yet confirmed whether a twister had touched down there . The storm destroyed one home , damaged three others and knocked down power lines there , Moore said . Authorities called off a youth football game as winds picked up speed and hail pelted the county , he said . Are you there ? Share your stories , photos and videos Sonia Butler hunkered down in the bathroom of her Rice home with her brother as the storm hit . "  You could just hear the wind coming through the house and it felt like a big suction , " she told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  And then it sounded like a loud train , and it only lasted -- not very long , but after that , after we came out of the restroom , our house was just gone . " Her husband , Raymond Butler , sought shelter in another part of the home as the storm hit . The room he stayed in remained untouched , but the storm demolished most of their home , ripping off the roof , shattering light bulbs and breaking their deceased daughter 's track trophies . The storm also destroyed two trucks , a trailer , and a giant pecan tree on the property -- but it spared the grave of their daughter , who died last year . "  I just got down on my knees and said , ` Lord be with us , ' " Raymond Butler told WFAA . Joey Romero , 24 , said he and his girlfriend rode out the storm in the freezer of a Sonic restaurant at a service station in Rice . They were driving from Dallas to Houston when it started to hail , he said . "  We pulled over under some covering . Hail the size of golf balls started falling . Then , we saw hail the size of baseballs , " he said . Someone screamed when they saw a funnel forming behind Sonic , he said . The wind roared and the station lost power . "  The first few seconds it was all sort of surreal . I could n't really believe it was happening . ... We all walked back in the freezer . It was cold in there and there was n't light and people were starting to cry , " he said . The hail shattered car windows , Romero said . The second-year medical student at University of Texas , Houston , said he helped treat injuries . A police officer told him a truck and a car had flipped over on the highway . After several hours , Romero was on the road back to Houston late Sunday . "  Even now , we can see the storm off to the east of us . The sky is pitch black , " he said . Later Sunday , a possible tornado swept through Baldwin County , Alabama , knocking down power lines and tree branches , destroying a mobile home and shifting another mobile home off its foundation , said Leigh Ann Ryals with the county 's Emergency Operations Center . One person was injured , Ryals said , and crews planned to continue surveying damage Monday . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jessica Jordan , Rick Martin and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We are in a tornado , " emergency official says on videotape of twister "  Significant damage " is reported in Navarro County , Texas The county 's emergency management coordinator says winds were about 125 mph A witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freezer
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has urged India to scale back troop deployments along the countries ' shared border in order to ease regional tensions following last month 's massacre in the Indian city of Mumbai . An Indian border guard stands on duty at the India-Pakistan Wagah Border Post crossing . Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said in a statement made to state television Tuesday that India should withdraw its security forces to peacetime positions and deactivate air bases near the border . In return , Pakistan would pull back its troops as well , Qureshi added . But India 's External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee took issue , saying New Delhi had n't done anything to escalate the situation between the nuclear-armed neighbors . "  We have not escalated any tension between India and Pakistan , so where is the question of de-escalating it ? " Mukherjee told reporters . An Indian army spokesman denied Saturday that any troop mobilization was taking place but told CNN that the army was watching the situation closely . But Pakistani authorities insist they have information to show Indian troop movements along the border . Reports on Friday that Pakistan had redeployed military resources on its eastern border with India raised concerns last week . An official in Pakistan 's Foreign Office said Pakistani troop movements were in response to Indian troop movements and any scale back would follow the right signals from India . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said a Pakistani official told him 20,000 soldiers had been moved from the Afghanistan border toward the Indian border . That amount , he said , was not significant , as Pakistan has a very large army . Singh said no communication had been received from Pakistan about troop movements , but added that the Indian army was always on alert . India accuses Pakistan of harboring militant organizations and claims 10 attackers involved in last month 's Mumbai attacks trained at a terrorist camp in the Pakistani-controlled part of Kashmir . Militants launched a coordinated strike against luxury hotels , a Jewish center and other targets in Mumbai beginning November 26 , killing 160 people . India has criticized Islamabad for not doing enough to counter terrorism , and it has accused elements within the Pakistan government and military of complicity in fueling terrorism in the region . Since the division of the subcontinent in 1947 , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , including two over the disputed territory of Kashmir -- now wracked by an 18-year , bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead . There also was a limited border conflict in 1999 between the countries in Kashmir . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Pakistan calls on India to withdraw troops from border amid growing tensions India denies troop mobilization ; says it is monitoring situation closely Pakistan says it has information showing Indian troop movements along border Pakistan official : 20,000 soldiers moved from Afghan border to Indian border
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo set up a thrilling last race finale with MotoGP title leader Marc Marquez by claiming the Japanese Grand Prix Sunday at Motegi . Defending champion Lorenzo led from start to finish on his Yamaha to relegate Marquez and his Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa to second and third places . It has cut Marquez 's lead to just 13 points ahead of the final round in Valencia in a fortnight , the first time in seven years the title will be at stake at this stage of the season . "  Until we finish racing we know the championship is not over . I 'm not the leading rider so it 's not all up to me , " Lorenzo told the official MotoGP website . "  I am the rider with the most victories in 2013 and that 's very important . " added the Spaniard , who was wrapping up his 51st career victory and seventh of the season . Marquez , who was disqualified in the previous round in Australia for delaying a mandatory tire change , will be looking to seal the title in his debut season , but had to settle for second in Honda 's home race . "  I felt I was too much on the limit and I said ` Ok , I 'll take 20 points for the championship , " he said . The race was run off in dry conditions at Motegi after rain and fog had hit practice and qualifying , but Lorenzo was dominant from the start although teammate Valentino Rossi dropped back after early mistakes . Italian legend Rossi fought back to finish sixth with Alavaro Bautista and Stefan Bradl ahead of him in fourth and fifth . Marquez , just 20 , will go into the race in Spain needing to finish fourth or better to become the youngest winner of motorcycling 's premier class . He finished just over three seconds behind Lorenzo , shaking off a nasty crash in morning practice which he blamed on a cold tire and change of track temperature .	Jorge Lorenzo wins Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi Cuts gap on title leader Marc Marquez to 13 points Championship will be decided in final round in Valencia Marquez bidding to become youngest MotoGP champion
CNN  -- It 's a cautionary tale : Capping off a 50-day bender with a transcontinental flight may cause confusion . A Ukrainian man returning from a trip during which he "  got drunk and stayed drunk for the entire 50 days , " according to court papers , faces federal charges after attempting to open an emergency exit moments after his flight landed . Details of the commotion are contained in a federal complaint filed by the U.S. attorney in Utah . The complaint says that as the plane was descending , Anatoliy N. Baranovich , 46 , woke and started yelling in Russian that the wing of the aircraft was on fire . Passengers wrestled Baranovich when he tried to open the emergency exit shortly after landing , documents say . Later , Baranovich told investigators through an interpreter that he thought the plane 's wing was on fire and was close to scraping the ground . The incident occurred Monday night aboard Delta Flight 1215 -- a Boeing 757 -- traveling from Boston to Salt Lake City . Baranovich lives in Portland , Oregon , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Read the FBI complaint against Baranovich  PDF Baranovich 's rough homecoming came after a trip to visit family in Ukraine , where he was planning to start building a house . But those building plans fell through . According to the complaint , he also "  stated that he got drunk and stayed drunk for the entire 50 days " of his visit . The drinking continued while traveling back to the United States , but Baranovich "  could not specify when , how much or where he consumed the alcohol . " When the 757 touched down , Baranovich jumped out of his seat and ran to the back of the aircraft , where he tried to open an emergency exit , according to the complaint . A flight attendant ordered Baranovich to stop , but he continued to open the door , breaking the door and an inflatable slide and damaging the fuselage , the court papers say . Several passengers jumped out of their seats , pinning Baranovich against a galley wall , the complaint says . He attempted to open the exit on the other side of the plane , stopping only when a former police officer forced him to the floor . The ex-cop searched Baranovich 's fanny pack , finding his Ukraine passport and U.S. visa . Baranovich faces charges of damaging and disabling an aircraft and interference with a flight crew . Each charge carries a sentence of up to 20 years in prison . "  We do not believe there is a connection to terrorism , " FBI spokeswoman Deborah Bertram said . Baranovich appeared in court Wednesday and was assigned counsel . He remained in custody Wednesday . Delta Air Lines is in contact with other passengers , a spokesman said . "  We continue to cooperate with the FBI , which is leading the followup . " Grape expectations : Making wine taste good at 35,000 feet Air passengers ` quicker to snap ' CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Carol Cratty and Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Complaint says passenger tried to open emergency exit on Delta 757 on Monday Ukrainian man said he thought plane 's wing was on fire He told authorities he 'd been drinking heavily for 50 days The man is in custody pending court hearings
CNN  -- Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore are seen as having the least corruption in the world , according to a just-published global survey . Somalia is viewed as the most corrupt country . The Corruption Perception Index  CPI  is published annually by Transparency International , a corruption monitoring organization based in Berlin , Germany . "  The surveys and assessments used to compile the index include questions relating to bribery of public officials , kickbacks in public procurement , embezzlement of public funds and questions that probe the strength and effectiveness of public sector anti-corruption efforts , " said a release accompanying the 2010 CPI . Countries with the highest scores on the index are viewed as having the least corruption ; countries with the lowest scores , the most . Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore each scored 9.3 out of a possible 10 . Rounding out the 10 highest scores : Finland and Sweden , 9.2 ; Canada , 8.9 ; Netherlands , 8.8 ; Australia and Switzerland , 8.7 ; and Norway , 8.6 . Japan was 17th on the list with a score of 7.8 ; the United Kingdom 20th  7.6  ; and the United States 22nd  7.1  . At the bottom of the 178 countries Somalia scored 1.1 , just below Afghanistan and Myanmar  1.4  and Iraq  1.5  . Among emerging economic powerhouses , Brazil was 69th on the list with a score of 3.7 ; China 78th  3.5  ; and India 87th  3.3  . Overall , Transparency International says of the survey : "  These results indicate a serious corruption problem . "  With governments committing huge sums to tackle the world 's most pressing problems , from the instability of financial markets to climate change and poverty , corruption remains an obstacle to achieving much needed progress . "	Least corrupt nations : Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore Corruption Perception Index published annually by Transparency International United States ranks No. 22 on the list of 178 nations ; economic rival China at No. 78 Joining Somalia at bottom of list : Afghanistan , Myanmar and Iraq
CNN  -- Starting Monday , students at the University of California Santa Barbara will be getting an unapproved vaccine scientists hope will stop a meningococcal disease outbreak there , the university said . The Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis already has approval for its vaccine Bexsero in Europe , Canada and Australia . It is not approved for use in the United States . In this case , the Food and Drug Administration had to grant special permission for its use at UCSB . The FDA granted special permission to use the vaccine at Princeton last December to fight an unrelated outbreak there . Meningitis B outbreaks are rare but deadly , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis ; some 160 of those were group B , the agency said . There were eight confirmed cases at Princeton and four UCSB students were confirmed as sick with meningococcal disease , which can cause meningitis or blood infections . One case at UCSB was so advanced , doctors had to remove a student 's lower legs in November . Aaron Loy had been a promising lacrosse and soccer player . After his operation his parents asked the FDA to pick up the pace on Bexsero 's approval . "  We hope that Aaron 's horrific illness brings increased awareness and rapid approval by the FDA of the vaccine " for the type B strain , Mike Loy said . There are vaccines approved in the United States for other types of meningitis , but group B is the strain that does "  pack the most powerful punch , " the CDC said . College students are especially vulnerable . Students who drink a lot of alcohol can be particularly susceptible to catching it . Dorms are the perfect breeding grounds for an outbreak . Meningitis B spreads through coughing , sneezing , and kissing . It can also spread when people forget to wash their hands or clothes , or among people who drink out of the same cup . Meningitis B is tricky since students who catch it may first think they have the flu . It starts with flu-like symptoms : fever , headache , stiff necks , vomiting and delirium . If the bacteria spread to the protective tissue around the spinal cord and brain , known as the meninges , patients can suffer hearing loss , permanent neurological damage and even death . The CDC sent a team of scientists to UCSB to study the outbreak in December . Fortunately , scientists said , a meningitis B outbreak moves slowly than others . "  It smolders , " said Dr. Tom Clark , the chief of the CDC 's meningitis branch . "  You have a bit more time to get everything in place . " Bexsero will be offered to some 20,000 students at UCSB . More than 5,000 were vaccinated at Princeton University and they are currently getting a second dose which is necessary for full immunity . Novartis says it is seeking U.S. license for the vaccine 's use in all adolescents and young adults which they say would "  enable immediate response to future outbreaks , " according to its press release . "  These recent outbreaks remind us how unpredictable the disease can be , " said Andrin Oswald , division head for Novartis Vaccines . His company has submitted successful test results from 8,000 vaccinations of adults , children , adolescents and infants . That test data was used for vaccine approval in other countries . "  We will continue to work with the FDA to pursue a potential license for Bexsero in the U.S. to help fulfill this public health need , " Oswald said .	Some 20,000 UCSB students are offered the meningitis B vaccine More than 5,000 Princeton students received it in a separate outbreak there Meningitis B is rare but can be deadly , the CDC said
CNN  FIFA presidential hopeful Luis Figo is selling , but can he tempt 209 football federations to buy into his campaign to topple Sepp Blatter ? The Portuguese great outlined an eye catching $ 3.5 billion giveaway as he seeks to build a base to challenge Blatter in the May election . Figo 's "  For Football Manifesto " promised that 50 % of FIFA 's revenues -- $ 2.5 billion -- would be handed to the national associations over four years to help fund global grassroots football development . The former Barcelona and Real Madrid star also wants to redistribute $ 1 billion of FIFA 's $ 1.5 billion reserves to the member associations . "  After many conversations with football leaders , one of the consistent themes fed back to me is the way FIFA currently distributes revenues to its member associations is very inefficient and ineffective -- especially for developing football across all associations , " said Figo at a media conference to launch his campaign at Wembley Stadium . "  FIFA belongs to its member associations and it is only natural that FIFA 's revenues and reserves are distributed back to them directly . "  The impact of my proposals would mean between $ 8m - $ 10m being distributed to each member association across a four-year period . " "  If done in the right way , with a clearly defined strategy that is centrally audited and monitored , this investment will radically enhance football opportunities for boys and girls and directly benefit all of FIFA 's 209 Member Associations . " Having dealt with FIFA 's finances , Figo faced questioning over his knowledge of the world governing body 's executive committee members . Asked to name the 25 committee members he came up with four names -- haltingly . Moving on , Figo floated the idea of expanding the World Cup to 48 teams in a bid to include more countries outside of Europe . Currently there are 32 teams that compete in the international extravaganza but Figo believes an extra three or four days of play would allow more nations to be accommodated . "  By increasing the number of teams participating in the World Cup , we not only make sure that we include more countries from across the world , but also enable FIFA to raise significant increased revenues that can be used to invest in the growth of the game globally . As for the game itself he wants to put an end to "  triple punishments , " trial out sin bins for unsporting behavior , and revert to the old offside rule -- where players are judged offside whether directly involved in play or not . Ethical issues arguably have been a bit of minefield for FIFA in recent years and Figo pledged to "  lead by example , with the highest ethical and moral standards . " He 's up against Jordanian Prince Ali Bin-Al Hussein who is using the same campaign company -- Vero Communications -- which also works for UEFA , the European confederation within FIFA . "  All I can say is thank God in my life I have had a successful career ... I can stand on my own two feet , " said Figo , who is funding his campaign out of his own pocket .	Luis Figo plans to give national and member states $ 3.5 billion of FIFA 's funds to help grassroots developments The presidential candidate wants to increase the number of teams competing in the World Cup to 48 If successful he would also like to see some changes to game rules
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Clashes between Shiite militias left dozens of people dead and hundreds wounded in Karbala and Baghdad , prompting Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday to call for calm , his spokesman said . Iraqi special forces patrol Karbala on Monday as thousands of Shiite pilgrims stream into the holy city . A curfew and weapons ban were in effect and Shiite pilgrims were evacuated from the southern Iraqi city of Karbala , where fighting has killed up to 50 people and wounded 247 others , the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . The Iraqi Army had taken control of the city by early Wednesday , Iraq 's national security adviser said . "  The situation is quiet now , but nervous and tense , " Mowaffaq al-Rubaie said in a phone call from Karbala . Referring to the clashes in Karbala and Baghdad , he said , "  They are potentially dangerous and can develop into something more serious . " The violence erupted Monday night in Karbala , where hundreds of thousands of pilgrims were attending a Shiite religious festival . The fighting spread to Baghdad on Tuesday . Watch how the fighting began " Five people were killed in Baghdad , where al-Sadr 's followers torched six offices belonging to the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , authorities said . Al-Sadr has called for calm , banned further fighting and urged members of the Mehdi Army militia to guard the Islamic Council offices and officials , according to Sheikh Ahmed al-Shibani , a senior al-Sadr aide in Najaf . Al-Sadr also called for an investigation into the clashes and for those behind the attacks to be punished , his spokesman said . The attacks were accompanied by fighting between the Badr Organization and the Mehdi Army . The Badr Organization , part of the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , has been incorporated into Iraqi security forces throughout the country . The Mehdi Army is the militia of al-Sadr . In Sadr City , where two of the political offices were burned , the Iraqi army called in reinforcements and air support while battling the Mehdi Army , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi Army also set fire to the Dawa Party 's office in Kadhimiya , an Interior Ministry official said . Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki is a member of the Dawa Party . Shiite pilgrims in Karbala were celebrating Sha'abaniya , the birthday of Imam al-Mehdi , the 12th Imam , whom Shiites revere . The celebrations were to peak Tuesday and Wednesday . The pilgrims in Karbala were evacuated from the city center , and a full curfew was imposed , said Brig. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf , an Interior Ministry spokesman . There is also a ban on bicycles , motorbikes and pushcarts . A curfew also was in effect in nearby Najaf , a Shiite holy city to which many pilgrims fled after the Karbala fighting began , Najaf police said . The fighting was apparently spurred by a security measure that banned people from carrying weapons into Karbala , an Interior Ministry official said . The al-Sadr loyalists refused to give up their guns , leading to clashes between the Sadrist fighters and security forces protecting the shrines , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi fighters have accused the security forces of being members of the Badr Organization . Pilgrims and members of the security forces are among the casualties . Local officials convened Tuesday to discuss how to defuse the situation . Tensions have been high between the armed wings of the major Shiite political movements . Targeted assassinations and battles between the Badr Organization and Mehdi Army have been prevalent in recent months . Other developments : • A deputy oil minister and four other kidnapped employees of the Iraqi Oil Ministry were freed Tuesday after two weeks in captivity , the oil ministry said . The deputy oil minister , Abdul Jabber al-Wagga , and the four general managers are in good health and have returned home , the ministry said . • Several hundred U.S. and Iraqi troops converged on Iraq 's Diyala province , killing 33 insurgents and restoring a city 's water service , the U.S. military said . The troops carried out an air assault Monday in the Gobia community to restore water in nearby Khalis . The military said "  water is currently flowing unimpeded . " • A suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest Monday in the courtyard of a mosque in Falluja , killing 12 people , including an imam known for speaking out against Iraqi militants , an Interior Ministry official said . Two of his sons also were killed in the blast , according to the official . • Coalition forces "  killed eight terrorists and detained 11 suspected terrorists " during raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq leaders , the military said Tuesday . The raids , spanning two provinces northeast of Tikrit , targeted a senior-level adviser with links to international terrorist Khalid al-Turki , the military said . Al-Turki was killed during a June 23 operation . • A "  highly sought weapons facilitator " was arrested Tuesday in Baghdad , the military said . The individual is suspected of distributing bombs and smuggling weapons from Iran to Iraq , the military said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Up to 50 people killed and 247 others wounded in Karbala clashes Fighting spreads to Baghdad ; Mehdi Army torches offices , official says Tensions high between Shiite militias during religious celebration
December 10 , 2013 The official start of winter is more than a week away , but severe winter weather is cutting a path of damage and disruption across the U.S. Get the details in Tuesday 's show . We also report on unrest in Ukraine and the Central African Republic . Plus , we examine the effects of drowsy driving , and we put a tough tongue twister to the test . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How can a video effectively communicate safe driving practices to young people ? What should this video include , and what should it leave out ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . wind chill 2 . Central African Republic 3 . tongue twister Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . When does winter officially begin ? What impact did recent winter storms have around the U.S. ? 2 . What has led to violence in the Central African Republic recently ? How is the international community getting involved in this conflict ? 3 . According to the report : What effects does being drowsy have on a driver 's body ? What impact do drowsy drivers have on America 's roads each year ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might an early winter storm have a different impact than one that occurs later in the season ? What do you think might be the challenges of playing professional sports in inclement weather ? What are some reasons why some sports events are canceled due to weather , while others are not ? 2 . Why do you think that the toppling of a Vladimir Lenin statue in Ukraine is described as "  a symbolic act of defiance " ? What do you think that people who support the Ukrainian government might say about this act ? Do you think that the video of this toppling could have an impact on the situation in Ukraine ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 3 . Do news reports effectively raise awareness about the impact of drowsy drivers ? If so , how ? If not , do you think other actions should be taken to address this issue ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : EuropeUkraine AfricaCentral African Republic FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
As India grapples with how to better protect women and girls from sexual assault , a court over the weekend convicted six men in the gang rape of a Swiss tourist . The court in the province of Datia sentenced them to life in prison on Saturday for the March rape and robbery , public prosecutor Rajendra Iwari said . The men have denied the charges and may appeal . The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India and had set up camp near a forest in Datia district when a group of men assaulted them , beating the husband and raping the wife , according to police . Anger , frustration over rapes in India : ` Mindset has n't changed ' The men were members of a local tribe who live near where the travelers were camping . Investigators recovered valuables stolen from the couple during the attack , including a laptop computer , a mobile phone and 10,000 rupees  $ 185  . The couple decided to stay in India to pursue charges against the men . Keeping chivalry alive in India : Men respond to rape crisis News of the incident triggered protests organized by opposition lawmakers in India 's Madhya Pradesh state . They called on the state 's home minister to resign due to an alleged "  collapse of law and order , " as Ajay Singh , an opposition leader , put it at the time . India 's intense public dialogue on rape began in December , after the gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a bus in New Delhi . The student died in a Singapore hospital . WHO : 1 in 3 women experience physical or sexual violence Her case focused the nation 's attention and anger on sex crimes . An outcry quickly grew over reportedly widespread harassment of women in public . Demonstrators took to the streets to call for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women . Subsequent sex abuse cases have triggered public outrage , including the rapes of young children in April and May and the alleged rape of an American tourist in June . Norwegian woman : I was raped in Dubai , now I face prison sentence	India is grappling with how to better protect women and girls from sexual assault The victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across India The court sentenced the men to life in prison They were members of a local tribe near where the travelers were camping
CNN  -- The U.S. Justice Department is suing the state of California and Gov. Jerry Brown because prison authorities required a Sikh prison inmate to cut his beard . The lawsuit was filed Tuesday on behalf of Sukhjinder Basra , an inmate at prison in San Luis Obispo in central California . It said that the requirement violated the man 's right "  to practice his religion " under the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act  RLIUPA  . In the Sikh religion , which originated in northwestern India , unshorn hair is an article of faith . The Justice Department said the suit followed a probe "  that revealed that California 's inmate grooming policy substantially burdens the rights of an inmate to practice his Sikh faith . " "  The rights guaranteed by the Constitution extend to all people in the United States , " said Andre Birotte Jr. , U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California . "  By protecting those rights -- even for those incarcerated -- we strengthen those rights for all . " The state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation was also named in the suit . RLUIPA , which became law in 2000 , protects the religious freedom of people "  confined to institutions such as prisons , mental health facilities and state-run nursing homes , " the Justice Department said .	Justice Department says the inmate has the right to practice his religion The inmate grooming policy burdened the inmate 's religious rights , Justice said "  Even those incarcerated " have the right to practice their religions , an attorney says
CNN  -- Imagine you are welded to the sofa at home about to watch a third match in a row . You have been drinking throughout the day , but reach for another can of cold beer and fill your glass . But the vessel you are drinking from says that your alcohol intake has exceeded safe levels and urges you to reconsider . Rather than a desperate government intervention , this is the concept of the Vessyl ` smart cup ' -- a groundbreaking addition to the field of consumer health technologies , which has launched for pre-orders . The sleek 13-ounce design is fitted with a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time , and then displays selected nutritional information such as sugar or alcohol content on the side of the cup . In a live demonstration for CNN , inventor and CEO of parent company Mark One , Justin Lee used the Vessyl to identify a range of beverages . The cup -- synced to his iPhone -- took only a few seconds to recognize a specific brand of smoothie , and was able to discern an exact flavor of Frappuccino . Moments later , sugar and calorie content flash up . Users can adapt the device to their personal needs , says Lee . "  We want this to be a product for what matters to you . People who want to lose weight will care most about the calories . I work out so I 'm more interested in protein . People can also be mindful of caffeine consumption -- to be sharp but not jittery . " The device can be set to multiple "  lenses " to meet a variety of needs , from weight loss to improved sleep . It tracks cumulative consumption so that users can observe and improve their patterns . Lee hopes that Vessyl will be used in conjunction with existing health technologies that record personal details such as heart rate and body mass index to optimize consumption choices . The mobile app includes a feature for a tailored hydration program based on such personal details . There is a medical imperative behind the Vessyl . "  Sugar-sweetened beverages are the number one source of calories " , reported a recent survey from the US Center for Disease Control . Soft drinks are increasingly identified by health organizations as a leading cause of obesity , with major efforts to restrict their consumption and improve public understanding of the high sugar levels . Other products are beginning to offer forms of molecular analysis for our food , but Smith believes that usability will prove a trump card . "  We wanted this to be as easy as possible for consumers , we were completely focused on making the interaction simple . The data has to be clear and actionable . " Certainly , one need not be a technology guru to make use of the Vessyl , the ease of which owes much to the collaboration with award-winning designer Yves Behar , creator of the Jawbone . The only action required of the user is to tilt the cup and read the numbers displayed on the side of the cup . The only maintenance required is "  quick rinse " between drinks , and charging is delivered via a wireless coaster . The size and shape is conventional with a "  flick-to-open " spill-proof lid . The Vessyl has heavyweight support , with leading innovators at Google and Apple among its admirers . "  People will at first be blown away , and then they are going to expect everything else in the world to be able to see its contents and materials the same way " , says Mike Beltzner , head of mobile at Pinterest . While some may still prefer not to know the gory details of everything they consume , innovations like the Vessyl are making it harder than ever to live in ignorance . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : ` Hacked ' instruments unleashed Incredible new tech inspired by biology Wearables in the workplace	` Vessyl ' has a sensor that analyzes the molecular content of drinks in real time It then displays selected nutritional information such as alcohol content on the side The device can be set to meet a variety of needs , from weight loss to improved sleep
CNN  -- The Pakistan military has declared that not only is it in contact with Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar but that it can bring him and other commanders to the negotiating table with the United States . Mullah Mohammed Omar , the Afghan Taliban leader , has been a fugitive from U.S.-led forces since 2001 . The acknowledgment of on-going communication with Taliban forces using sanctuary in Pakistan to launch military strikes against U.S. troops in neighboring Afghanistan is part of a new diplomatic overture to help the Obama administration find an end to the long-running conflict . But a spokesman for Pakistani Inter-Services Public Relations  ISPR  disputed CNN 's report , which was based on an exclusive interview with ISPR director general Maj. Athar Abbas . In the interview , Abbas said in return for any role as a broker between the United States and the Taliban , Pakistan wants concessions from Washington over Islamabad 's concerns with longtime rival India . Read a transcript of the interview And senior U.S. officials have told CNN the Obama administration is willing both to talk to top Taliban leaders and to raise some of Pakistan 's concerns with India . Watch how Pakistan 's military says they can bring Mullah Omar to the table " With ISAF commanders conceding the military fight against the Taliban in key areas of Afghanistan is at a "  stalemate " and that a recent influx of American combat troops is hoped to break the deadlock , the consensus among military and diplomatic figures in the region is that the United States can not win the war in Afghanistan militarily . Most believe a resolution to the conflict will ultimately be a political , and economic , one rather than a military victory that will necessitate negotiations with the Taliban . Such a resolution will have to be struck with the involvement of Pakistan , India , Iran and possibly Saudi Arabia , as well as NATO and the United States . And with the Pakistan military , with its intelligence service , the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate  ISI  , now going public with its offer to act as broker to help initiate talks , this could be the first opportunity for a breakthrough in ending the Afghan war that began with the U.S. invasion in 2001 . Abbas told CNN after its "  very intense relationship " with militants during the fighters ' alliance with the United States during the Soviet war in Afghanistan , the Pakistan military is now still in contact with militant commanders such as Mullah Omar , Jalalladin Haqqani , Mullah Nazir and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar of Hizb-e-Islami . "  That 's right , the ISI was in the forefront of the whole struggle against the Soviets . Now , by maintaining the contacts with the organizations like  Mullah Omar 's Taliban and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar  does n't mean that that state policy is  to be  providing them physical support or the funding or training , " Abbas said . After the 9/11 attacks Pakistani policy to support the groups did a "  U-turn " , he said . "  And the state followed , the army followed , the ISI followed . Having said that no intelligence organization in the world shuts its last door on any other organization . So therefore the contacts are there . The communication remains . But it does n't mean you endorse what they are doing in Afghanistan . You know you have nothing to do with it because your plate is full . " And even further , Abbas said , the Pakistani military has the ability to get the Taliban to the table with the United States to broker a cease-fire by jump-starting a dialogue between the warring parties , Abbas said . "  That 's right . Dialogue , " Abbas said . "  Eventually , one would have to return to the dialogue table . I think that can be worked out . That is possible . " Retired Gen. Hamid Gul , a former head of the ISI , Pakistan 's equivalent of the CIA , is known as the "  Godfather of the Taliban . " He , too , said talks can be arranged . In terms of U.S. interests in Afghanistan , he said , there is only one man who can make it happen . "  Mullah Omar , nobody else , " Gul said . He insisted the Obama administration , through the Pakistan military , can access Mullah Omar . "  Why not ? " he said , "  Is he a terrorist by any definition ? Has he indulged in any act of terrorism ? " Gul added a stated Taliban condition to any discussions , the complete withdrawal of foreign troops from Afghanistan first , was not necessarily a fixed demand and , with concessions from Washington , could be softened and make way for negotiations to begin . But the ISPR issued a statement that "  strongly denied " the remarks made by Abbas "  that the Pakistani military is in contact with Taliban leader Mullah Omar and it can bring him and other commanders to the negotiating table . " "  The remarks attributed to  the director general  are totally baseless , fabricated and taken out of context and ISPR rejects that , " the statement said . The U.S. envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room that the tight link between the Taliban and al Qaeda makes talks with the Taliban "  a non-starter ... unless the Taliban repudiates al Qaeda publicly . " The first response from the Obama administration to the Paksitani army 's overture came from Richard Holbrooke , the U.S. special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , who did not find the relationship between Pakistan and the Taliban surprising . "  There 's been long allegations that there are continued contacts , " he said . "  And I think it 's a step forward for the Pakistanis to say publicly what everyone has always assumed . " Holbrooke also did not discount the possibility of talks with the Taliban . "  I 'm not going to rule out or rule in anything on such a hypothetical basis , " he said . "  And I 'm not going to get drawn into speculation on an issue this complicated . "  There is room in Afghanistan , " he said , "  for Taliban people who 've fought with the Taliban , who were willing to participate in the political structure , who were willing to dissociate and renounce Al Qaeda , and who were willing to lay down their arms .	Pakistan military official claims talks possible between U.S. and Taliban Spokesman for country strongly denies initial report Pakistan wants U.S. concessions over Islamabad 's dealings with India in return Senior U.S. officials say Obama administration willing to talk to Taliban
CNN  -- It could have been lifted straight from the case histories of Inspector Jacques Clouseau or Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot . Can you solve the mystery of the missing helmet because Formula One driver Nico Rosberg needs your help . In a bid to track down the protective head gear , which he claims was stolen from a garage at the Nurburgring Circuit in Germany in the early hours of Sunday morning , the Mercedes driver has enlisted his fans ' detective skills . The German , who is sixth in the 2013 world championship , has even posted images on his website of a man appearing to pinch the bright yellow helmet while alone next to Rosberg 's F1 car . Interactive : The workings of a Ferrari steering wheel "  Hi everyone , my race helmet got stolen out of the security guarded teamÂ ´ s garage at NÃ 1/4 rburgring on Sunday at 1.51 a.m. , " the 28-year-old said on his official website . "  Check the picture of the thief ! Let me know if any of you see one . I have never given out an original race helmet . So if you see one then let us know . "  The Schuberth helmet was registered with the Number R-NR 074/02 -13 . The SNELL-Label is ST 270141 . FIA label gold : AH04248 . FIA Label white : Nr . 134 . " Rosberg will hope to have the helmet back for the Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi on October 27 . Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel can wrap up a fourth consecutive drivers ' championship by finishing in the top-five , or if Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso fails to outscore him by more than 10 points .	Nico Rosberg appeals for help to find a lost racing helmet The Formula One drivers says the helmet was stolen on Sunday Rosberg posted photos of the alleged thief on his website
CNN  -- Yahoo! announced Monday that the search is on for the Internet giant 's next CEO . Jerry Yang , Yahoo! co-founder , speaks at an electronics show in Las Vegas in January . The new CEO will replace Yahoo! co-founder , Jerry Yang , who assumed the position in June 2007 and has since come under fire for failing to turn around the company . Yang will step down when a replacement is selected . Just two weeks ago at the Web 2.0 Summit , Yang was asked if he was the right guy to lead the battered portal . Yang dodged the question by defending his passion for the company he co-founded 13 years ago . "  I did n't make the decision of being the CEO lightly , " he said . "  I wanted to make a change at Yahoo! that I believe I can make ... That 's a dream that I felt I could achieve by being CEO and that 's still the dream today . " Now , Yang plans to return to his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " and will still have a seat on the board , Yahoo! said . During his short tenure , Yahoo! has had two major rounds of layoffs and has seen its search market share shrink significantly while a series of reorganizations led to the departure of senior executives . Wall Street and shareholders criticized Yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to Microsoft . Yang also was taken to task when Google pulled out of a controversial ad agreement earlier this month that would have boosted Yahoo 's revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars . Yahoo! said the search for a new CEO will encompass both internal and external candidates . "  Over the past year and a half , despite extraordinary challenges and distractions , Jerry Yang has led the repositioning of Yahoo! on an open platform model as well as the improved alignment of costs and revenues , " said Chairman Roy Bostock . "  Jerry and the Board have had an ongoing dialogue about succession timing , and we all agree that now is the right time to make the transition to a new CEO who can take the company to the next level . "	Jerry Yang plans to resume his former role as "  Chief Yahoo " The Yahoo! co-founder will still have a seat on the board Yang criticized for not reaching deal to sell Yahoo! to Microsoft Yang took over as CEO in June 2007
CNN  -- Tuesday -- Barcelona . It was supposed to be the end of an era , the end of a generation . Had it not been for a post , then perhaps the world would be looking at a different future . Football is nothing but fickle . The headline will be Barcelona 's 4-0 annihilation of AC Milan , swatting aside the critics and doubters in the only way that this great team know how . Had the ball deflected off the post and spun the other way , the chilling inquest into Barcelona 's fall of grace would have already begun . The biggest of games , the smallest of margins . Trailing 2-0 from the first leg , Barca was in a supposed crisis , its crown as Europe 's dominant force precariously balanced . Consecutive defeats to arch rival Real Madrid in domestic competition and the anemic display at San Siro just three weeks ago had stoked the fires . But on this occasion , it was not just at the Vatican where black smoke rose across Italian skies , but also in Milan , as its Champions League dream went up in flames . It could have been a different story -- but history is written by the victors and Barcelona were victorious by a considerable distance . Without coach Tito Vilanova , who is still undergoing cancer treatment , question marks had emerged about the ability of the club to make it through to its sixth consecutive quarterfinal . And perhaps , but for a post and a roll of the ball , those questions would have been answered quite differently . Maybe the opportunity fell to the wrong man . At just 18 , M'Baye Niang cut an unlikely cast member for the role of hero . Without a goal to his name since his move to Milan at the end of last season , it was he who was given the golden opportunity to bring Barca to its knees with just seven minutes of the opening period remaining . Already trailing to Lionel Messi 's fifth minute strike , Niang took advantage of an error by Javier Mascherano before gliding towards goal . This was the moment that Milan had waited for and while Niang hit his effort hard and true , it crashed against the post and away to safety . An away goal then would have given even Barcelona a mountain to climb with a minimum of four goals needed to progress . Whether Barcelona 's world would have crumbled had that ball nestled in the far corner will never be known , but had it done so , then Milan would have at least given itself a chance . That Barca recorded four anyway will not help Niang sleep any better . There is little room for "  What if ? " in sport however and Barcelona left little to chance as it went on to produce a mesmeric performance . Only last week , a Japanese jeweler created a 25 kilogram solid $ 5.25 million gold statue of Messi 's left foot , although the price may well rise following his latest exploits . His early strike , a sumptuous effort following a delightful pass from Xavi , was his 57th in the Champions League , placing him second behind Raul in the all-time top scorers of Europe 's elite competition . His 58th came less than 100 seconds after Niang had threatened to send shockwaves throughout Europe . This time , albeit with a suspicion of offside , Messi unleashed an unstoppable drive from 20-yards after Massimo Ambrosini had gift wrapped possession to the Barca man . The halftime whistle brought some solace for Milan , but it only delayed the inevitable . If there were any statisticians in the Milan dressing room then they may have known that Barcelona had won both of its previous games during a papal conclave . But not even a prayer was going to help the Italian side out of this . Just 10 minutes of the second period had elapsed when Kevin Constant 's dreadful error allowed Xavi 's pass to skip into the path of David Villa , who curled an exquisite effort into the far corner . Milan threatened sporadically and a wonderful block from Jordi Alba denied Robinho as Barcelona began to look nervous for the first time in the contest . But Alba soon laid any worries to rest , racing onto Alexis Sanchez 's pass deep into stoppage time before slotting the ball past Abbiati . For Roura , the result was a relief . "  If there was anyone not sure about Messi then this was the perfect response as he took charge of the game with two goals and showed again that he is an extraordinary player , out of this world , " he told reporters . "  Before we were n't so poor and now we are not so great and I would n't describe ourselves as favorites for the competition . "  At any stage of the game until the final goal we could have gone out if we had conceded and I would have said the same that we played well and were composed . " Crisis ? What crisis . From the cradle to the grave service provided by Schalke In the night 's other game , Galatasaray booked its place in the last eight with a dramatic 3-2 win over Schalke in Germany to progress 4-3 on aggregate . Following a 1-1 draw in the first leg , Schalke looked set to progress when Roman Neustadter prodded home from close-range . But Galatasaray , boasting the likes of Didier Drogba and Wesley Sneijder , was soon level thanks to a stunning 25-yard drive from former Schalke player Hamit Altintop . Burak Yilmaz then grabbed his eighth goal of the competition to put Galatasaray ahead and put himself top of the Champions League goalscoring charts . Marco Hoger smashed an effort against the crossbar with 63 minutes gone before Michel Bastos leveled soon after . But with Schalke pushing up for a winner , Umut Bulut raced through to score and seal his side 's place in the quarterfinals for the first time in 12 years . "  We showed we deserve to be in the quarter-finals , but it was a close game and both teams had their chances , " said Altintop . "  Perhaps we had a bit of luck at the end , but I 'll take that . "  We responded well to fight back after conceding the early goal . "	Barcelona crushed AC Milan 4-0 to progress 4-2 on aggregate Lionel Messi scored twice with David Villa and Jordi Alba also on target Galatasaray claimed a 3-2 win at German side Schalke Turkish team through to quarterfinals 4-3 on aggregate
CNN  -- The national average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline has increased one tenth of a cent to $ 3.542 , marking the second consecutive increase , the motorist group AAA said Saturday . However , the national average is still down 57.2 cents , or about 13.9 % , on the record high of $ 4.114 reported on July 17 , 2008 . The highest prices at the pump are in Hawaii , averaging about $ 4.34 per gallon , and the lowest in South Carolina , at $ 3.22 , according to the AAA 's Daily Fuel Gauge Report . The price of light , sweet crude oil , for September delivery , increased $ 0.13 to settle at $ 107.46 per barrel on the NYMEX Friday . CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report	AAA : National average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline up one tenth of a cent Highest gas prices are in Hawaii and lowest in South Carolina , says the motorist group The price of light sweet crude oil , for September delivery , increased Friday by $ 0.13
CNN  -- There are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase . It 's a home 's conduit and connector . It ushers life along , makes a grand impression on visitors and serves as the backdrop for family memories . "  It 's where my daughter took pictures for her first daddy-daughter dance , " said Anisa Darnell , part of the Milk and Honey Home decorator team from Roswell , Georgia . Her home 's staircase is also special to her because her grandfather posed with her daughter for a snapshot there before he passed away . The back staircase in Emily A. Clark 's home is significant because it 's mostly used by her kids . "  I 've also caught them playing school on the little landing in the middle of the stairs . " Jacki Poovey and her husband designed their staircase to be a grand , welcoming part of their Cary , North Carolina home , but it 's also at the heart of countless family memories . It still bears reminders of the time their puppy chewed every bit of molding from the edges of the newel post to the cap molding on the treads . "  It 's a lived-in home , " says Poovey . Massive undertakings , like DIY home renovations , can imbue a home 's staircase with lasting impressions of the experience . "  If you paint three stories of spindles , you never forget it , " Victoria Barnes said of the painstaking restoration she and her husband undertook in their 1890 Victorian home near Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Barnes blogs about the "  really , really , really slow " process of their work , which she calls wonderful and overwhelming . Christine Price , from Manchester , England , can relate , having spent 250 hours stripping , sanding and painting the staircase in her Edwardian home . "  The staircase is the first thing you see when you enter our home , " she said . "  Now that it 's restored it makes such a huge difference to the whole feel of the house . " For Jenna Burger , an interior designer and blogger , a staircase makeover led to an overhaul of every molding in her house . The staircase decor represents a significant change for her home 's aesthetic , she said . "  I was unhappy with the worn , dated carpeted stairs before and desired a more updated , modern look , " she said . So up went the carpet and down went paint and stain . Paint was also the key ingredient in Jae Vinson 's economical transformation of her back staircase . With natural wood as the "  runner " and crisp white paint on the sides of the treads , the previously dingy atmosphere was radically lightened . "  This is a garage entry staircase , " Vinson said . "  It 's something I use every single day going to and from my car . The space feels more welcoming now . " The feel of the staircase can be an important part of decorating a home , Darnell said . Obsessed with collages , she chose to decorate her staircase because it opened up to her family room and dining room , and its huge , blank wall stood out . "  I wanted it to be interesting and visually pretty , " she said . Now photos , frames , decorative keys and even a lantern adorn the staircase , which she designed to be a tribute to her family . "  We have loved ones up there , wedding photos , engagement photos , our siblings , parents , grandparents , our daughters , " she said . "  The staircase has personality . " Photo walls along staircases have come a long way since the "  wall of shame , " full of unfortunate school photos and stilted professional portraits . Jill Hinson currently lives in Portland , Oregon , but her family moves often because of her husband 's job . The black and white portraits she has taken of her two daughters since their births are a decorating element that makes each house they live in a home . "  The gallery wall tells the story of our family , " Hinson said . "  Where we have been , the growth of our girls and what is personal and important to us . " The Hinsons moved into the Portland house two years ago , "  and as soon as I saw this gigantic wall going up the stairs , I new that it was the perfect place for a gallery wall . " Clark 's staircase is lined with large and small works of art by her children , as well as canvases of their hand and footprints . "  Even my own kindergarten evaluation is framed and hung in the mix , " she said . "  There 's still lots of wall space , so this area will continue to be a work in progress . I 'd love to fill it full of their colorful masterpieces , " Clark said . The decor of the stairwell began with a decal of her favorite quote from the movie , "  The Help , " which says "  You is kind . You is smart . You is important . " "  I love that quote , " Clark said , "  and thought it was a sweet reminder for our kids as they bound up those steps , several times every day . It also reminds me of what they need to hear from me on a regular basis . " Are you obsessed with decorating your house ? Show us your skills at CNN 's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week 's story . Our next focus : Inviting beds .	Staircases are important elements in home decor as well as family memories "  If you paint three stories of spindles , you never forget it , " said Victoria Barnes Collages are a modern interpretation of the "  wall of shame "
GREENVILLE , Ohio  CNN  -- The parishioners heard the sirens during Sunday morning services in Greenville , Ohio . A few blocks from St. Paul 's Lutheran Church , a home was burning and five people were dead . Police tape wards off the curious from the duplex where a woman and four children died in a fire September 16 . Shock followed sadness with news that a 10-year-old boy was being charged with arson and murder , more heartbreak for a town in tough times -- but heartbreak that shook people into action . The St. Paul 's parishioners reacted quickly that morning , said Shirley DiRocco , a volunteer at the church . Just passing the collection plate once around the church , she said , "  We came up with $ 300 . " The money went to buy clothes for the fire 's survivors and food for the emergency crew who responded , she said . Helping out is nothing new for the church -- but a boy being accused of killing his mother , half-sister and three other children in a fire has been unheard of till now . There 's a lot of introspection going on in Greenville , a small town of 13,000 where the good-paying jobs are getting scarce and the problems of big-city poverty are creeping in . Residents are divided on whether the boy is responsible , but they say his plight compels them to look at themselves and face their deepening problems . "  He 's a young kid . There 's something got to be wrong for him to come up with that , " said Angie Hughes , manager of a downtown Greenville hair salon . "  It has brought to the surface the fact that in this area ... we do have a lot of folks who are the have-nots in the world ... the vast numbers of people in our community who are really deep in poverty , " said Peter B. Menke , pastor of St. Paul 's . Watch Menke talk about how the tragedy has galvanized Greenville " St. Paul 's sees firsthand the poverty that led to the boy having to sleep on the sofa , because he had no bed in the half of the duplex he shared with nine other people . Christy Winans managed to escape the fire with her boyfriend , but her three children -- Kayla Winans , 6 ; Je'Shawn Davis , 5 ; and Jasmine Davis , 3 -- died along with their playmate Kaysha Palmer , 8 , who was the boy 's half-sister . The boy 's mother , Chanan Palmer , was also killed . On Monday , as the 10-year-old appeared in court on murder charges , St. Paul 's expanded its lunchtime soup kitchen service to run two days a week . Twenty-two people turned up for the meal that first day . The church had fed 70 people , including parents and children , one day this summer . Menke said the tragedy of September 16 "  has galvanized ... particularly the religious community to action . We not just saying ` Yes , we have a problem , ' but we are looking at ways to genuinely address those issues and do something about it . " Federal statistics show unemployment is hurting Greenville and surrounding Darke County . Employment in private businesses fell by 7 percent from 2000 to 2005 . Manufacturing companies left town and big employers downsized , like Fram oil filter maker , or closed down completely , like Corning 's fiber-optics plant . Alicia Sommer , who 's lived in Greenville for 37 years and taught in the local schools , says job losses have changed the town . "  On the surface it looks like the ideal hometown , " she said . "  Everyone wants to raise their kids here , but they ca n't afford it . They have to go where the jobs are , " she says , leaning on the counter of the downtown coffee shop where she works part time . Walking through the five blocks of downtown Greenville , you see why it looks ideal . Mom-and-pop coffee shops stand in for Starbucks , locals chat on a bench outside a music store , a small cinema offers "  Mr. Bean 's Holiday " and an Asian monster flick about battling dragons . But St. Paul 's offers the soup kitchen only a block off the Broadway main drag , and the tumbledown housing on Montgomery Street , including the burned duplex , is just a two-minute walk away . Fixing Greenville may be a slow process , and it 's unclear if the continuing case against the 10-year-old will slow it further or provide impetus to the effort . The boy is staying with his maternal grandmother , Tammy Reed , whose daughter died in the fire . The child lost his stepfather to AIDS in July . "  He 's doing really good , " Reed said of the boy Tuesday morning . No matter how the case turns out , the boy will bear scars forever , his attorney , David Rohrer , said last week . The boy will always know he was charged with killing his mother . "  He 'll never be able to escape that , " Rohrer said . In downtown Greenville , salons offered $ 5 haircuts Tuesday to raise money for the fire victims . The community wanted to help in any way it could , salon manager Hughes said . Whether that community can also bring Greenville out of its slump may depend on people like Sondra Jackson . Jackson , a letter carrier , walked her new route Monday down Montgomery Street . It was only her second day of work , she said , and she had no idea of the tragedy that unfolded in the burned duplex two weeks before . Jackson said she had just moved to Greenville from Palm Springs , California , where she was born and raised . "  The school system is better in this area , and it 's just a better place to raise kids , " she said . E-mail to a friend	Fire killed five people , a 10-year-old boy faces murder and arson charges Greenville , Ohio , facing realities of poverty as jobs leave Residents divided whether boy did it ; but united in desire to help town
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad indicated Monday he might consider a halt in fighting in the city of Aleppo to allow U.N. humanitarian aid into the beleaguered city , according to Syrian state-run SANA news agency . Aleppo is Syria 's largest city , and rebels fighting the al-Assad regime still have a strong hold in parts of the city . Isis is also a threat in areas outside of Aleppo . Al-Assad met Monday in Damascus with U.N. envoy Staffan de Mistura to discuss a U.N. proposal for a fighting "  freeze , " which was first presented to the U.N. Security Council last month . A U.N. statement called the meeting a "  constructive " discussion . The plan "  merits consideration , " al-Assad said after the meeting , according to the Syrian state-run news agency SANA . Aleppo would only be the first local "  freeze " in Syria under the U.N. plan . "  The proposed ` freezes ' as envisaged by the United Nations are intended first and foremost to lead to a de-escalation of violence , starting from specific areas with a national impact , and allow for return to some normalcy for the civilians caught in the conflict , " the U.N Statement said .	Bashar al-Assad says a UN plan to "  freeze " fighting in Aleppo "  merits consideration " UN plan calls for local "  freeze " zones to allow humanitarian aid UN envoy calls talks with al-Assad "  constructive " Parts of Aleppo are still a stronghold for Syrian rebels
CNN  -- A United States Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon completes a triple roll in the sky above the largest aerospace and defense show in Asia . It 's followed with an aerial demonstration by the U.S. MV-22B Osprey -- the world 's first production tilt-rotor aircraft . It can take off and land like a helicopter , but flies with the range , airspeed and payload of a fixed-wing airplane . Inside the vast exhibition hall , trade visitors to the biennial Singapore Airshow eye some of the latest global offerings in military technology such as unmanned aerial vehicles , anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare aircraft , fire control radars and infrared counter-measures . Keen to demonstrate its supremacy in defense and aerospace technology , the United States has more on display than any other country . "  A lot of the bells and whistles , new avionics , and the 21st century equipment -- it all started as industry and showcasing their work , " says Col. Marc Caudill , mission commander for the U.S. military forces supporting the airshow . China 's approach In the same exhibition hall , there 's a different approach from China . Little is known about the extent of China 's military capabilities , and so when the country takes part in an airshow , as in Singapore , it attracts attention . Compared with more than 160 U.S. military and commercial companies represented in Singapore this week , China has 20 exhibitors . Defense experts say any discussion of China 's military capabilities needs to be centered around what 's not on display , rather than what is . The U.S. defense budget is the highest in the world , with IHS Jane 's Defence estimating last year 's spending at $ 582.4 billion . But China 's fast-growing economy has also allowed hefty increases in military spending . Its defense budget of $ 139.2 billion for 2013 is the world 's second largest , according to IHS Defence , which provides defense and security analysis . Couple that with regional disputes escalating in Asia , including China 's controversial declaration of an air defense identification zone  ADIZ  in the East China Sea -- and its increased assertiveness in the South China Sea -- and the country is increasingly seen as a major force . Generals , ministers , bureaucrats At the Singapore event , manufacturers rub shoulders with high-ranking generals , government ministers and defense bureaucrats from around the world , all eyeing potential deals . "  No one wants this to be seen as an arms bazaar , but on the other hand , it 's a good opportunity to position your wares and explain where you fit into the broader strategic context , " says Richard Aboulafia , analyst of the Teal Group , which researches the aerospace and defense industry . The state-owned China National Aero-Technology Import and Export Corporation  CATIC  has one of the show 's largest stands out of the Chinese exhibitors . CATIC 's core business is aviation defense -- models on display here include the L-15 advanced jet trainer , the FC-1 / JF-17 Thunder fighter aircraft , an attack helicopter , and an unmanned combat aerial vehicle , the Wing Loong . Competing with the Russians China is working hard to sell its aircraft overseas , says Wendell Minnick , Asia bureau chief for Defense News . "  They really want to sell the L-15 -- that 's a big deal , " Minnick says . "  They 're looking at markets like Africa and South America -- more affordable platforms that compete with the Russians . " But Minnick says China 's models on display pale in comparison with those of the U.S. "  These are very simple platforms , including single engine fighters . They would n't last long against the Americans but they 're not worried about that . You know if they want to go up against the Americans they 'll use their air-to-air or surface - to-air missiles and knock out one of our fighter jets . " Acrobatic displays Missing from the CATIC stand is a model of the fourth-generation , Chinese-made J-10 fighter , the multi-role combat aircraft which , some weeks ago , was expected to take part in the airshow 's aerobatic displays , but later inexplicably pulled out . At the airshow , the U.S. is displaying a mock-up of its fifth-generation F-35 Joint Strike Fighter , but the development of its Chinese equivalents , the J-20 and J-31 stealth fighters , is shrouded in secrecy . "  I think it 's less about hardware and more about just posturing , " says Richard Aboulafia , analyst of the Teal Group , which researches the aerospace and defense industry . "  The U.S. is extremely transparent , and the West tends to regard military capability as something you slowly develop and then you deploy . And if it comes to it , you use it . Vision of warfare "  China 's deployment of prototypes speaks to a vision of warfare that 's completely different from the West . " Richard Bitzinger , senior fellow from the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore and global expert on the Chinese military , agrees . "  I think China has been able to think creatively about how they use what they do have . That 's why we 're worried about things like their cyber war capabilities or new types of weapons systems like an anti-ship ballistic missile , " Bitzinger says . "  It does n't have to be particularly cutting edge , high-tech , 22nd century stuff , but the fact that -LSB- the Chinese -RSB- have it , and how they use it , are things that change the rules of the road . " When it comes to China , quantity has a quality all of its own , Bitzinger says . Military power is about how your equipment stacks up against your likely competitor , he adds .	Biennial Singapore Airshow shows off latest in military technology China 's offerings attract special attention U.S. jets are considered superior , but China may not be displaying all it has
CNN  -- Pakistan cricketers have been told they will not be allowed to appear in the highly-lucrative Indian Premier League  IPL  this coming season because of fears over security . Danish Kaneria , in action against India last December , was hoping to play in the Indian Premier League . Stars from Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Sri Lanka , West Indies and , for the first time , England will be competing in the action that starts on April 10 . Several Pakistan stars had also signed for IPL franchises while another five , including leg-spinner Danish Kaneria , were scheduled to appear at a players ' auction to be held in Goa , India , on Thursday . However , the Pakistan Cricket Board  PCB  said players would not be allowed to play in the IPL this coming season on government advice . "  We have informed the IPL and Indian board that our players ca n't take part in the IPL this year , " PCB chief operating officer Saleem Altaf told Reuters.com . The decision follows concerns for players ' safety because of the tense relations between Pakistan and India after the Mumbai militant attacks in November . Former Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik , who plays for Delhi , said the players would abide by the directives of the government and PCB . Meanwhile , another former captain , Inzamam-ul-Haq is among several top Pakistan players who have successfully challenged a domestic ban imposed following appearances in the unofficial Indian Cricket League  ICL  . Provincial Sindh High Court on Monday suspended the 2007 action taken by the PCB which must appear in court later this month to explain their action . Players affected by the 2007 ruling also include Mohammad Yousuf , Imran Nazir , Mohammad Sami and Azhar Mahmood who along with Inzamam , played for Lahore Badshahs . Last year , the Badshahs named after a Pakistani city and with a number of Pakistani players won the ICL 20s Indian championship . "  The honorable court has suspended this relevant clause of the PCB rules and allowed the players to appear in domestic cricket with immediate effect , " Zahid Fakhruddin Ibrahim , the legal counsel for the players , told Reuters.com . Lahore coach Moin Khan , a former Pakistan captain , said the suspension of the ban was good for Pakistani cricket . "  Some of the ICL players can still play for Pakistan and when they play in domestic cricket , youngsters will learn from them , " Khan commented . "  The ban had hurt the players financially as well as cricket-wise , so it 's a great decision . "	Pakistan cricketers miss IPL season over security fears Pakistan players not competing on government advice England stars making debuts in the league starting in April
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese police say the late aunt of a young boy whose eyes were gouged out is the prime suspect in the horrific attack , state media news agency Xinhua reports . The six-year-old boy , named by local media as Xiao Binbin , is still recovering in hospital after being found bloodied and in a drugged state with both eyes missing near his home in late August . He 'd been missing for four hours . Early reports suggested that Xiao may have been the victim of organ traffickers , claims police later denied . Now , authorities in Fenxi country , Shanxi Province , have named the suspect as the boy 's aunt Zhang Huiying , who killed herself last Friday after jumping into a well in the courtyard of her home . Police said Zhang 's DNA was found at the scene of her nephew 's attack . Blood stains belonging to the boy were also found on Zhang 's clothes . The boy told police that a woman with a non-local accent called his name and asked him if anybody in his home played mahjong before taking him to the field , according to quotes attributed to his mother , Wang Wenli , in state media . Local police immediately launched a manhunt for the suspect by offering a 100,000 yuan  $ 16,335  reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect , whom they said was a woman , according to Xinhua . Soon after the attack , state broadcaster CCTV showed images of a boy with bandages over his eyes recovering in hospital while his stricken relatives cried at his bedside .	Chinese police name suspect as boy 's aunt Zhang Huiying Zhang died last week after jumping to a well near her home The six-year-old boy was found bloodied with missing both eyes in late August He told police a woman approached him , according to state media reports
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman , a former Democrat who sits with Democratic caucus , said Tuesday that he would not rule out running for re-election in 2012 as a Republican . Lieberman angered his colleagues in the Democratic caucus this week by threatening to torpedo health care legislation if it contains a government-run public health insurance or an expansion of Medicare . Lieberman said he was n't sure which party , if any , he would represent in his next election . "  I like being an independent , so that 's definitely a possibility , " the Connecticut senator said . "  But I 'd say all options are open . " He called running as a Republican "  unlikely " but added that he would n't "  foreclose any possibility . " "  I 've reached the stage in my career where I 'm not measuring every step I take based on how it 's going to affect the next election , " Lieberman said . "  I think if you do that , you end up compromising the quality of your service . " In 2000 , Lieberman was Al Gore 's running mate when Democrats lost the closest presidential national election in U.S. history . Six years later , he was defeated in the Democratic primary and then ran as an independent to win re-election to the Senate . Lieberman still sits with the Democratic caucus , which holds 60 seats in the 100-member Senate , the minimum amount necessary to overcome a filibuster . That dynamic allowed Lieberman to assert his will in the health care debate by threatening to join a Republican filibuster if the health care bill contained the public option or Medicare expansion he opposes . He acknowledged that his stance angered Democratic colleagues but said he acted on principle , not politics . "  I knew some of them were upset about positions I 'd taken , " Lieberman said . "  But like each of them , I did n't get elected by telling my voters in Connecticut that I would follow the majority of my caucus even if I thought on some things they were wrong . We each have to do what we think is right . " Taking a stand in the polarized political environment means "  a bunch of people will think you 've done something great and a bunch of people will think you 've done something awful , " Lieberman said . However , Lieberman 's stance on the health care bill could prompt a backlash from liberal Democrats . He was criticized by liberal groups , and even his wife -- who formerly worked for a pharmaceutical company -- was targeted . "  I 've done what I thought was right , but it 's no fun to have your colleagues be angry at you , " Lieberman said . "  It 's no fun to have your wife attacked . But , you know , you got to do what you think is right . "	Independent senator 's stance on health care has angered some Democrats "  All options are open , " former Democrat says of re-election race Lieberman still sits with Democratic caucus in Senate
CNN  -- Thomas Edison came up with a way to play back recorded sound in 1878 . But 20 years before the inventor patented the phonograph , French scientist Ã ‰ douard-LÃ © on Scott de Martinville was fiddling around in his laboratory trying to come up with a way to record sound . His invention , the phonautogram , enabled him to create a visual representation of his voice . Scott de Martinville was n't able to listen back to his recordings , though . The science of acoustics was in its infancy . He could only see lines etched in soot . His achievements were long-forgotten until a group of historians , audio engineers and scientists searched for his work . The First Sounds Collaborative found it in the archives of the French Academy of Sciences in 2008 . "  His machine would capture the vibrations out of the air and write them on to a moving piece of paper , " said David Giovannoni , one of the founders of First Sounds . "  When you look at the writing that this machine made , it looks exactly like a sound wave would look on audio editing software today . " Giovannoni and his group analyzed Scott de Martinville 's work with audio software and unlocked the sound held in the waveforms . The result is like listening to a ghostly time machine , the voice of a man from 150 years ago singing French song "  Au Clair de la lune . " The earliest known sound recordings can be heard at www.firstsounds.org . Giovannoni said recordings like these are extremely important . "  Imagine studying art without being able to actually look at the canvases themselves . What modern technology and modern scholarship are opening up is a window into past human endeavors that we can hear through . " Nearly 20 years after Scott de Martinville experimented with recording his voice in Paris , Edison perfected a way to record and play back audio at his laboratory in New Jersey . His invention would spark a new industry , the recording business . Tim Brooks is a historian of early audio recordings . His home in Greenwich , Connecticut , is a private museum of sorts , with a collection of recording and playback devices from a century ago . Chests of drawers are filled with recordings made more than 100 years ago . Brooks is part of a network of historians and audiophiles on a mission to find and preserve the earliest recordings ever made . They do this with a sense of urgency . The recordings from the late 1800s were made on very fragile cylinders . "  They were made of a soft kind of wax , " said Brooks . "  They 're very subject to humidity and mold . And if they 're not stored carefully , then you will take them out a few years later and suddenly you ca n't hear anything because the mold has eaten it up . " A new window onto history was recently opened up at Edison 's laboratory in New Jersey . As the place was undergoing renovations , someone discovered a long-forgotten box containing cylinder recordings of Otto von Bismarck . The influential 19th-century statesman unified Germany and preserved peace in Europe for more than 40 years . The cylinders were n't in the best condition , but they were still listenable . Through the static , you can hear von Bismarck on the Thomas Edison National Historic Park 's website reciting poetry . "  Nobody living today had ever heard the great German chancellor . Today we can , " said Giovannoni . "  By hearing it , it conveys all sorts of information that may or may not have survived in printed accounts of the man and of his speaking . " Brooks is researching the earliest African-American recordings ever made as well as black spirituals recorded by white performers . He wrote extensively about Jack Johnson , the first African-American heavyweight boxing champion . In 1910 , he beat a white man in what was called the fight of the century . His win sparked deadly race riots across a racially divided country . "  At that time , he recorded his description of the fight . ... This recording had been thought lost for years and years and years , " said Brooks . "  He -LSB- Johnson -RSB- is usually portrayed as a kind of Muhammad Ali character , A very big living in your face guy in the middle of white America causing lots of turmoil because he lives so large and makes so many outrageous statements . " But the recording reveals a very different Jack Johnson . "  You can see that he 's like a politician . He knows he 's in a dangerous place because he 's a black man in a very racist white American . And he 's dealing with it in a way that is playing on the fairness of the game -- may the best man win -- as opposed to the racial aspects of it , " said Brooks . "  That 's a whole different view of this person than we did get before just from the written word . " Brooks says preserving long-forgotten recordings is important work precisely for that reason . "  In a way , scholarship has n't caught up yet with the importance of recorded sound and understanding why leaders were able to lead and change history the way they did , " said Brooks . "  Once in a while , if our ears are open and we 're really listening it , can change our understanding of how they were able to do what they did . " Brooks anxiously awaits the next discovery of a long-forgotten recording that will change our view of history . In the meantime , he has plenty of wax recordings in his home museum to study and preserve .	Historians and audiophiles are on a mission to find and preserve the earliest recordings Modern technology is unlocking recordings from more than 150 years ago Tim Brooks is researching the earliest African-American recordings
CNN  -- Players in the top two tiers of the Spanish league have announced they are to go on strike for the first two weekends of the season . Over 100 players , including Barcelona captain Carles Puyol and Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas , voted for action in a long-running financial dispute with the league  LFP  . Spanish champions Barcelona are due to begin the defence of their title at Malaga on August 21 with their nearest challengers , and fierce rivals Real Madrid , hosting Athletic Bilbao . In a statement on their web site the president of the players ' union  AFE  Luis Manuel Rubiales confirmed the strike action would go ahead . The disagreement centers on the union 's demand for an increase to the emergency fund that helps protects players ' wages if their clubs experience financial difficulties . The league said in their own statement that they did not understand the strike action as they had recently introduced two "  historic " changes in relation to the players ' requests . A new financial self-regulation code for clubs has been introduced as well as a guarantee to cover a chunk of wages for players at clubs who go into administration . "  For this reason , the calling of a strike at a moment when fundamental steps forward are being taken is incomprehensible for the LFP , " they said . At a press conference on Wednesday Rubiales , flanked by Puyol and Casillas , attacked the league . "  It is lamentable . As it stands we are at the bottom of the pile in Europe , " Rubiales said . "  We do n't want more money we want the clubs to honor the contracts they sign with their players . "  We have put forward proposals which exist in Holland , Germany , France and England which are preventative . In these countries if a club shows it ca n't pay its players the club does n't compete . "  We have asked that players who are owed more than three months  wages  can break their contracts . It seemed like we had an agreement but it was left out . " The LFP continued in their statement : "  The position of the LFP is at all times to advance the negotiations , to continue working and to reach early agreement satisfactory to all . "	Spanish soccer players vote to strike for the first two weekends of upcoming league season Real Madrid 's Iker Casillas and Barcelona 's Carles Puyol support action Dispute centers on a fund to help protect players ' wages at struggling clubs The Spanish league call the strike action ` incomprehensible '
CNN  -- In an empty , dusty house , a boy stumbled upon a classic horror movie scenario this week : A mummified corpse hanging by the neck from a belt . And officials say it had been there for five years . Until the boy made his way inside the ramshackle house in Dayton , Ohio , on Sunday , neighbors did n't think anyone lived there , said Ken Betz , director of the Montgomery County Coroner 's Office . They thought the house was abandoned , and it looked that way . The front door was papered with citations for the overgrown yard , and no one came and went from the address . The home was unfurnished . Inside , however , was the body of Edward Brunton , who hanged himself with a belt in a closet in 2009 , according to Betz . Betz puts Brunton in his late 40s at the time of his suicide . The closet shielded his body from rapid decomposition , animals and insects , resulting in the mummy-like condition the boy found it in . "  Because of the location where he was found , it was relatively protected , sunlight-protected , temperature-protected and low humidity , " coroner Kent Harshbarger told CNN affiliate WDTN . Brunton had little time to forge friendships with neighbors ; he had purchased the home just months prior to his death . He also was estranged from his family and friends , thus no one ever reported him missing , Betz said . The boy 's mother , Michelle McGrath , went into the house to investigate . Nothing seemed out of the ordinary until she entered the room that housed the closet . "  When I crossed the threshold of the room , is when I smelled it , " she said . She called the police . Authorities found identification documents on Brunton 's body . His estranged brother , who still recognized him , confirmed it was him . Michigan woman 's auto-payments hid her death for over 5 years Mummified cat walled up in 17th century ` witch 's cottage '	Edward Brunton hanged himself with a belt in a closet in 2009 , coroner spokesman says The closet protected his body from rapid decomposition , coroner says Neighbors thought his home was abandoned ; its yard was overgrown Brunton was estranged from his family and friends , and no one reported him missing
CNN  -- The final day of the European transfer window produced the usual flurry of frantic activity Friday but no big deal to match the $ 61 million transfer of Juan Mata from Chelsea to Manchester United earlier this month . Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea continued to re-invest the money until the last day , landing promising 19-year-old French central defender Kurt Zouma , who signed from Saint-Etienne for a reported fee of $ 19 million before being loaned back to the Ligue 1 side . Zouma , who has just served a 10-game ban for a foul challenge which broke an opponent 's leg , is the fourth player to sign for Roman Abramovich 's big spenders in January after Nemanja Matic , Mohamed Salah and Bertrand Traore . Chelsea 's West London rivals Fulham , battling against relegation from the English Premier League , landed Greek international striker Konstantinos Mitroglou from Olympiakos for a fee of nearly $ 20 milllion . The 25-year-old is a national hero in Greece after scoring three goals in their two-legged World Cup qualifying play-off against Romania last November . He will have to act as a replacement for former Manchester United star Dimitar Berbatov . The Bulgarian international striker has gone on loan to cash-rich Monaco . Claudio Ranieri 's team are challenging for the French league title but have lost their big money summer signing of Radamel Falcoa to injury and Berbatov will act as a high-profile replacement . Monaco slipped six points behind leaders Paris Saint Germain Friday as the reigning champions beat Bordeaux 2-0 with their big money signing from this window , former Newcastle midfielder Yohan Cabaye , coming on as a substitute for the capital giants . EPL title challengers Arsenal , who signed Mesut Ozil from Real Madrid before the start of the current season , strengthened their squad by the acquisition of experienced Swedish international midfielder Kim Kallstrom from Spartak Moscow on loan . "  Arsenal is an amazing club with a lot of great players and a coach who has done really well here for a long time , " Kallstrom told the club 's official website . But top of the table Manchester City have not added to their already strong squad , who are still campaigning on all four fronts under Manuel Pellegrini . City spent an estimated $ 100 million on player signings before the start of the current campaign , playing their part in record amounts changing hands by EPL clubs in the 2013-14 period . According to football finance experts Deloitte , the combined transfer spend of the 20 clubs had broken the # 700 million  $ 1.12 B  mark for the first time even before the frenetic last day of trading . This enormous sum is despite the likely restrictions imposed by UEFA 's new Financial Fair Play  FFP  rules , which limit the losses clubs can make . But according to a top lawyer specializing in sports finances , the big spending EPL clubs like Manchester City and Chelsea are unlikely to be troubled by the new regulations . "  It seems the Financial Fair Play rules are unlikely to have the desired effect of providing an even playing field if clubs generating huge losses can meet the rules , " Faye Bargery , a senior associate at law firm Thomas Eggar LLP , told CNN . "  Manchester City recently announced a # 51m  $ 81.6 million  loss  down from # 97m last year  but are confident that they will meet the FFP rules . "  Clubs have a number of ways to reduce their losses , including excluding money spent on youth development and facilities as well as amortizing transfer fees over the term of player ' contracts . "  However , the significant increase in commercial and sponsorship income for the top clubs , as evidenced by Arsenal 's recent kit deal with Puma , is likely to mean that the larger clubs can meet the rules but smaller clubs with less income are adversely effected . " La Liga giants Barcelona and Real Madrid , who signed Tottenham Hotspur 's Gareth Bale for a world record fee last August , kept their powder dry in the last day of trading , but other European powerhouses strengthened their squads . Runaway Serie A leaders Juventus signed Argentina-born forward Dani Osvaldo on loan from EPL Southampton . Osvaldo was a club record signing for Southampton but has lasted less than five months at St Mary 's after he was reported to have had an altercation with teammate Jose Fonte last week . Inter Milan also completed the big money signing of Brazilian midfield star Hernanes from Lazio on a four-and-a-half year deal . Last season 's Champions League finalists Borussia Dortmund attempted to boost a flagging season by signing 21-year-old Serbia midfielder Milos Jojic from Partizan Belgrade on the final day of the window . Dortmund celebrated later Friday by scoring their first Bundesliga win in five games with a 2-1 victory at bottom side Eintracht Braunschweig . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang grabbed both their goals .	Final day of European winter transfer window sees usual round of frantic trading Former Manchester United star Dimitar Berbatov goes from to Ligue 1 Monaco on loan Greece international striker Konstantinos Mitroglou signs for Fulham from Olympiakos EPL clubs have spent record of over $ 1.1 B on transfers in the 2013-14 windows
Toronto , Ontario  CNN  -- The spotlight is on security -- as well as economic recovery plans -- as leaders from the world 's biggest economies gather in Toronto for a pair of summits this weekend . Leaders have begun arriving for the G-8 summit , which begins Friday , followed by the G-20 summit this weekend . Security , already a major concern , was thrown into greater focus Thursday when a man with five cans of gas and an array of weapons in his car was arrested near the G-20 site , officials said . Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman Sgt. Marc LaPorte said the 53-year-old driver had pellet guns , a crossbow , gas tanks and chemical products in his car , and could n't explain why those items were there . He was identified by police as Gary McCullough of Whitby , Ontario . Police said McCullough was charged with one count of possessing dangerous weapons -- an offense with a maximum sentence of 10 years . He 's expected to appear in court Friday . Despite the incident 's proximity to the site of the G-20 summit , there are no specific signs it 's linked to the meeting , said Constable Samantha Nulle of Peel Regional Police . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police , local police departments and the Canadian Military have formed an Integrated Security Unit  ISU  to deal with G-20 security , like they did earlier this year for the Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver . About 20,000 ISU personnel and security guards are providing security , with the help of fencing and cameras . G-20 countries account for 80 percent of world trade and two-thirds of the world 's population . The G-8 is made up of the United States , Canada , Russia , Japan , France , the United Kingdom , Germany and Italy . When talks get under way , leaders will be hashing out economic recovery plans and some differences on how to proceed . Among the issues : how drastically to cut budget deficits , possibly risking recession , and global financial reform . The United States has been urging other countries not to pull back on stimulus plans too quickly . Britain , in contrast , has recently joined other European countries in announcing drastic budget cuts . The sessions will offer a first appearance on the world stage for British Prime Minister David Cameron and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan. . Both leaders arrived in Toronto on Thursday . Other leaders are arriving Friday . In Thursday 's weapons incident , Nulle said an officer pulled over a suspicious vehicle and discovered dangerous materials in the car . Police immediately sealed off the surrounding area , Nulle said . Police told CNN that another person with weapons and explosives had been taken to court Wednesday , but privacy laws prevented them from sharing more details . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect in weapons incident charged , due to appear in court Friday Incident puts focus on security as leaders begin arriving Items found in car included pellet guns , a cross bow and a chainsaw No specific signs incident is linked to G-20 summit
CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , the Austrian accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , will plead guilty to rape and incest when his trial opens Monday , Fritzl 's lawyer told CNN . Josef Fritzl is expected to plead guilty to rape and incest on Monday , his lawyer tells CNN . However , Fritzl will deny other charge he faces : murder , enslavement and assault , attorney Rudolph Mayer said Sunday . The 73-year-old expects to spend the rest of his life in prison , Mayer added . Fritzl faces six charges in a closed-door trial . The trial is scheduled to last five days , but Mayer said it could be shorter . Fritzl was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter , Elisabeth , over a 24-year period . But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her , an infant who died soon after birth . State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care . In all , Fritzl is charged with : murder , involvement in slave trade  slavery  , rape , incest , assault and deprivation of liberty , Sedlacek 's office said . If convicted , he could face life in prison . Austria does not have the death penalty . "  This man obviously led a double life for 24 years . He had a wife and had seven kids with her . And then he had another family with his daughter , fathered another seven children with her , " said Franz Polzer , a police officer in Amstetten , the town where Fritzl lived , at the time of his arrest . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions . Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin , then 19 , to be taken to a hospital for treatment . Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 , she told police , her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room . Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the girl , who was then 18 , had run away from home . He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write . Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father 's home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna . The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife ; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep , pretending the missing Elisabeth had dropped them off . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . The charges he faces are : • Murder : The infant who died in 1996 died from a lack of medical care , the state prosecutor said . The charge carries a sentence of life in prison . • Involvement in slave trade : From 1984 until 2008 , prosecutors allege , Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a dungeon , abused her sexually and treated her as if she were his personal property -- in a situation similar to slavery . If he is convicted , the sentence could range from 10 to 20 years in prison . • Rape : Between August 30 , 1984 , and June 30 , 1989 , Fritzl "  regularly sexually abused Elisabeth , " according to the prosecutor . The sentence could be from five to 15 years in prison . • Incest : Parallel to the rape charge . It carries a sentence of up to one year . • Withdrawal of liberty : Three of the children Fritzl had with Elisabeth were illegally held captive in a dungeon with no daylight or fresh air , according to prosecutors . That charge carries a sentence of one to 10 years . • Assault : Between August 28 , 1984 , and April 26 , 2006 , Fritzl repeatedly threatened Elisabeth and their three children with gas and booby traps as warnings in case they tried to escape , authorities allege . The sentence would range from six months to five years . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Man accused of keeping daughter in a cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children Josef Fritzl , whose trial starts Monday , will plead guilty , his lawyer tells CNN Prosecutors : Fritzl raped his daughter over 24 years , said she had run away Fritzl also accused of killing one of the children he fathered with daughter
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters fed up with the country 's austerity measures demonstrated here Tuesday outside the congressional building . Clashes between police and demonstrators in central Madrid 's Neptuno Square resulted in 28 people being hurt , two of them police officers , a police spokesman said . The spokesman said 22 people among the estimated crowd of 6,000 had been arrested . Read more : Spain to reveal pain on its books Demonstrators said police were shooting into the crowd with rubber bullets ; the police would not comment . "  We have you surrounded , " some demonstrators sang . "  We have no fear . " At one point , Spanish police charged demonstrators with batons to prevent them from approaching the parliament , which was in session . Spain is facing an economic crisis with unemployment near 25 % , and the protesters accused the government and the opposition alike of trying to solve the country 's financial woes on the backs of the people . Video from the scene showed police charging groups of protesters with their clubs , but such clashes were isolated . Protesters ' demands include a reduction in the size of the government , state-run broadcaster TVE reported . Some protesters threw bottles and rocks at the police officers , who fought back , TVE reported . Journalist Javier Ruiz in Madrid contributed to this report	22 demonstrators are arrested 28 are hurt , 2 of them police Some 6,000 protesters gathered outside Spain 's congressional building in Madrid The demonstrators are against the government and the opposition
CNN  -- America has its first panda twins in 26 years . The tiny pair were born to mother Lun Lun , a 15-year-old giant panda , at Zoo Atlanta on Monday , the first arriving at 6:21 p.m. and the second at 6:23 p.m. . The zoo did not immediately know the gender of the cubs . The twins are the first for Lun Lun , who has two other offspring at Zoo Atlanta , and are the product of artificial insemination . Their father is 15-year-old Yang Yang , also a resident at Zoo Atlanta . "  We 're thrilled to welcome Lun Lun 's and Yang Yang 's twins . This is a success we share with all of our fellow zoological organizations working to understand and protect this iconic species , and we share our joy with our local community and with our colleagues in China , " Raymond B. King , president and CEO of Zoo Atlanta , said in a statement . The pink-colored twins -- black patches of hair will begin to appear in a week or two -- were separated shortly after birth , with one staying with Lun Lun and the other being cared for in the zoo 's nursery . "  Twins are an entirely new scenario for Lun Lun , Zoo Atlanta and our animal care teams , who will no doubt be extremely busy over the next few months , " King said . The zoo said twins typically weigh less than single-born panda cubs with a high risk of mortality . A single panda cub typically weighs just 3 to 5 ounces at birth , according to the Smithsonian National Zoological Park . Twins are not unusual for pandas , Zoo Atlanta said in a statement , but in the wild the mother will usually only care for one of them . That is why they were separated , but the zoo said they may rotate them in Lun Lun 's care over the next few months . The public can expect to see the panda twins in the late fall , the zoo said . Their father and two brothers , Xi Lan , 4 , and Po , 2 , will remain on display . Fewer than 2,000 giant pandas remain on the planet , according to the Smithsonian . Of these , 300 are in zoos and breeding centers , mostly in China , and about 1,600 remain in the wild in mountain forests of central China . You can follow the progress of the baby pandas on the zoo 's panda cam .	Giant panda twins born Monday evening Last panda twins born in U.S. were in 1987 , zoo says Twins would go on public display in late fall Fewer than 2,000 giant pandas thought to survive on planet
CNN  -- Crimea 's parliament has voted to secede from Ukraine and join Russia , and has scheduled a referendum for its residents to decide whether to stay or go . It is one of the biggest developments in the fast-moving crisis in Ukraine . Who is voting ? The voters deciding Crimea 's future would be the residents of that region . Crimea has a population of about 2 million . Crimea is known as a pro-Russian area , but it is not without its diversity . The autonomous region has a 60 % ethnic Russian population , having been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 by the Soviet Union . But not everyone may be as keen on coming under Moscow 's direct influence . A quarter of the peninsula 's population is Ukrainian and about 12 % Crimean Tatars , a predominantly Muslim group . The Tatars have shown no interest in breaking away . How much credibility will the vote have ? The legality of the referendum has been challenged from the outset . While the Crimean parliament voted to hold the referendum , at the federal level , Ukrainian leaders say a referendum is illegal . It 's an "  illegitimate decision , " interim Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Thursday . "  Crimea was , is , and will be an integral part of Ukraine . " Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko said the Crimean parliament 's decision is illegal because under the constitution , only national referendums are permitted . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has sent a military observer mission to Ukraine , but it can only expand its mission to monitor the vote if the Ukrainian government invites it to . In Crimea , worlds collide What 's next if the referendum passes ? See above . Even if the vote goes as planned , its legitimacy will continue to be questioned . Michael Crawford , a former British ambassador in Eastern Europe , cautioned that whatever the result of the vote , it may be meaningless . "  It does not follow that if Crimea votes to join Russia , that anyone will accept it , " he said . "  For Russia to start cherry-picking bits of the former Soviet Union , cranking up referenda in Kazakhstan or Latvia or wherever you like , to try to carve off bits , would be against international law , and it would be something  that Russian President  Vladimir Putin has said he does n't want to do . " In short , it is not clear how easily Crimea could secede from Ukraine and join Russia . Who would benefit from Crimea 's secession ? It is not clear . At first glance , it may appear that many Crimeans would get what they want and Russia would gain a territory , but the benefits are not so clear-cut . "  While separatism may seem emotionally gratifying to some  Crimean  residents , the practical results seen elsewhere , especially in South Ossetia and Abkhazia , have been economic isolation and a heightened dependence on Russia , " Michael Hikari Cecire , an expert on the region , wrote recently . South Ossetia and Abkhazia are two separatist regions of Georgia that Russia occupied in 2008 . For Russia , peeling off a slice of territory from Ukraine is n't productive , Cecire wrote . Its goal is to get all of Ukraine under its influence . Taking steps toward separatism has only deepened the crisis , as Russian intervention has galvanized anti-Russian sentiment in other parts of Ukraine . The referendum , scheduled for March 16 , will probably just add fuel to the fire . Five possible directions in Ukraine	Crimea is 60 % Russian The Crimean referendum may be illegitimate , experts say It 's unclear what will happen if the referendum passes
The Winter Olympics is a matter of days away but whether you are using an abacus or calculator the numbers just do n't add up . President Vladimir Putin 's reputation is on the line and no expense has been spared to stage the Games next month . The 2014 Winter Games will be the most expensive in the history of the Olympics -- $ 50 billion and rising . Beijing in 2008 cost an estimated $ 40 billion , though the exact cost is not known . But just what has that $ 50 billion been spent on ? Former deputy prime minister Boris Nemtsov , a fierce critic of Putin , has questioned where $ 20-30 billion has gone in a report titled "  Winter Olympics in the Sub-Tropics : Corruption and Abuse in Sochi , " which was published in English in December . Nemtsov , now the leader of the Russian opposition , estimates that that missing money could have paid for "  3,000 high-quality roads , housing for 800,000 people or thousands of ice palaces and soccer fields all over Russia . " The report also says the absence of "  honest competition , cronyism and censorship " have led to an increase in cost and decrease in the quality of work in preparing for the Games . Dimitry Chernyshenko , president of Sochi 's Olympic Organizing Committee , is dismissive of such claims . "  The rest of the money , which sometimes appears in the media , is just imagination and calculation that has nothing to do with the reality , " he told CNN . In 2007 , Putin advised the International Olympic Committee  IOC  that his country would spend $ 12 billion on the Games . However , Nemtsov 's report claimed the final expenditure -- "  given the average world parameters for the increase in costs " -- should have been double that figure . "  The remainder -- $ 26 billion -- consists of embezzlement and kickbacks , " it said . "  It is no secret that the preparation for the Olympics in Russia has been accompanied by unprecedented corruption . " The 17-day event , which begins on February 7 , has become a target for Putin 's opponents -- who believe the Russian leader is guilty of making the Games into a "  personal project " as he extensively overhauls a faded seaside resort town that is the focal point of "  Russia 's Riviera . " As well as the Winter Games , Sochi will host Russia 's first Formula One race in October . "  This is not about sport , this is about triumphing in politics , " Nemtsov told CNN . "  This is about the strength of power of the Russian president in the world and inside Russia . "  That is why he is responsible for everything , including nature and weather . " Nemtsov 's assertion that Putin has tried to control the weather refers to the challenge posed by Sochi 's subtropical climate , which has required the storage of snow collected during the previous winter . Both the opening and closing ceremonies will take place close to the Black Sea in an area which was once rife with mosquitos -- even in winter , the daytime temperature on the coast is an average 10C  50F  . Chernyshenko , however , remains unruffled by the report 's claims . He insists all venues and arenas will be ready for the opening ceremony and the arrival of 6,000 athletes . "  For us as organizers and for Russia as a whole , this is really a once in a lifetime opportunity to take the floor in front of the multi-billion audience , " he said . "  We have to convince the world , to showcase the new modern Russia to all of the world and say , ` Look we 're different to the stereotypes , we are modern , we are transparent , we 're efficient and we 're successful . ' " What rankles Nemtsov and the co-writer of his report , activist Leonid Martynyuk of the Russian Solidarity movement , is the vast amount of money being spent on the event . According to the report , the exorbitant rise from $ 12 billion to $ 50 billion can only be explained by "  banal thievery , corruption and complete lack of professionalism of the contractors . " The report claims the standard of work carried out on venues is of a low quality and is a danger to the environment . It says sewage pipes have burst and the Black Sea has been polluted by construction waste , while the forests have been cut down amid increased spending . These accusations have been strongly denied by Chernyshenko , who says his operational budget is "  very average . " "  To avoid speculation I would point to two budgets , which is following from our contractual obligation from the candidature file , from the bidding campaign , " he told CNN . "  First of all this is a separate budget to host the Games that I 'm in charge of , this is roughly the same as the previous Winter Games organizers , around $ 2.2 billion . "  Then the construction budget , to build our state-of-the-art venues and related infrastructure , both competition and non-competition venues , and some environment like sewerage system , power system , some connecting roads etc. . "  This budget is also very transparent , it 's in the governmental program number 991 . So you can visit the website and learn your figures yourself . "  It 's roughly dependent on currency fluctuation , something around $ 7 billion dollars , and half of this money is coming from the public fund . " Chernyshenko admitted there has been overspending on the ski jump in the mountain cluster of venues , which has required surgery on more than one occasion . That was explained in part by the "  awful geological conditions " but Chernyshenko said the structure would be ready in time and the "  expenditure to be balanced . " Putin fired the official responsible for the ski jump ; he 's since left the country to escape prosecution . However Nemtsov 's report did not just highlight the cost incongruities it also criticizes the treatment of migrant workers . It claims 25 people were killed during 40 accidents at Olympic construction sites and says money promised to workers ended up in the pockets of contractors . That led to , in Nemtsov 's his opinion , a number of protests , which included local resident Martiros Demerchyan , who was allegedly abused and tortured by police officers after demanding his full wages for work at one of the Olympic construction sites . The report also claims that Roman Kuznetsov , who had taken part in the building of the main media center at the Imeret Lowlands , "  sewed his mouth shut as a sign of protest against the non-payment of wages and demonstrated at the entrance of the media center with several posters . " "  Sometimes they pay them nothing , " said Nemtsov . "  So for me this is the first indication there is corruption . "  But there are no criminal cases for corruption in preparation for the Olympics -- there 's no fraud case . "  There should be an investigation into corruption not just in Russia but I 'm sure the International Olympic Committee  IOC  is involved . "  They have immunity like international diplomats and the police will never investigate because they have protection . " The IOC rejected the allegations in a statement given to CNN . It read : "  This looks like pure uninformed speculation . The IOC has shown consistently that when there are tangible allegations we take the appropriate action . "	The 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics is set to be most expensive in history Total spending is expected to reach $ 50 billion Opponents of President Putin make allegations of corruption Head of Sochi organizing committee defends spending
CNN  -- China 's top soccer official has been sacked after being questioned by police as part of an investigation into match-fixing . Nan Yong has been replaced by former water sports chief Wei Di , state-run news agency Xinhua reported on Friday , having been appointed head of the Chinese Soccer Administrative Center early last year . Deputy director Yang Yimin and head of referees Zhang Jianqiang were also questioned by police , Xinhua said . China 's General Administration of Sport  GASC  made the decision to replace Nan with Chinese football in disarray following a series of scandals and with the national team having failed to qualify for the 2006 and 2010 World Cups . "  The GASC has decided to appoint Wei Di as the new director of China 's Soccer Administrative Center , " its vice-minister Cui Dalin told reporters , according to Xinhua . "  The decision to remove Nan Yong as director and Yang Yimin as deputy director has also been made since both of them are now helping the police in investigations into the commercial bribery and match-fixing cases . " Wei Di , who was head of China 's Water Sports Administration , has little experience in football , having also been in charge of Chinese boxing and weightlifting . Nan , Yang and Zhang were summoned by police in the northeastern province of Liaoning to help with a probe into several cases of gambling and match-fixing in domestic league games , Xinhua reported The Chinese Ministry of Public Security  MPS  is continuing investigations which saw four people detained for suspected bribery in November . More arrests were made in December , including two leading officials from the Chengdu Blades club , Xinhua said . China began its clean-up campaign in March last year with the creation of a high-profile committee charged with stamping out corruption in the sport .	China 's top soccer official sacked after being questioned by police in match-fix probe Nan Yong replaced at Soccer Administrative Center by former water sports chief Wei Di Police also question deputy director Yang Yimin , head of referees Zhang Jianqiang China has been clamping down on corruption in football since March last year
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese journalist , whose work exposed alleged human rights abuses of the government , has been detained by secret police in Beijing , said a close friend and human rights groups . Du Bin released a feature-length documentary on the notorious Masanjia labor camp in May . He vanished later that month , says Hu Jia , an activist and friend of Du . Hu says the last time Du 's friends heard from him was 10 p.m. on May 31 . Friends went to his apartment to look for him the next day but no one answered the door . Hu says family members found two copies of an unsigned police subpoena at Du 's residence in Beijing . Copies of the alleged warrants viewed by CNN suggest that Du faces allegations including disturbing public order . Hu says they have heard from two separate eyewitnesses that Du was taken into detention by force . "  We confirmed that Du Bin was taken by 10 secret police . Two in uniform and the rest in plain clothes , " says Hu . "  Du Bin is a very respected professional photographer , documentary film-maker and author with a distinguished record of collaboration with international media organizations , " says Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch . Du recently released a book on the Tiananmen massacre that was published in Hong Kong . His documentary on Masanjia focused on interviews with former inmates of the labor camp . China maintains an extensive network of labor camps across the country used to punish petty criminals like prostitutes and thieves . But activists say they are used by the government to detain political activists and members of the outlawed religious group Falun Gong . READ MORE China 's forced labor camps : One woman 's fight for justice Hu said that most of Du 's belongings had been taken from his residence including his laptops , copies of his books , and hardware used to edit his documentary . CNN sought comment on Du 's whereabouts from the Ministry of Public Security , which did not respond to our requests . "  Du Bin 's detention on criminal charges is a worrying signal about the attitude of the new leadership towards dissent . The charges against him are unfounded and a transparent strategy for the authorities to silence him and intimidate others , " says Bequelin . "  We believe that he is at risk of torture . "	Rights Group : Author , filmmaker and activist Du Bin has been detained by police in China Du was last seen in May , the same month he released a documentary on a China labor camp Family members found two copies of a police subpoena at Du 's residence in Beijing
Bangkok  CNN  -- Much of Southeast Asia continued its recovery from heavy rains and extensive flooding Friday , including scores of deaths and extensive damage in Thailand . The wet weather is not entirely abnormal in the region , which is still in the midst of its wet season . Still , the extent of destruction has been particularly devastating in some locales in recent weeks . Thai authorities early Friday said that the flooding had left at least 244 people dead , and some 28 provinces have been affected . More than 820,000 households have been affected in four of the hardest-hit provinces -- Ayutthaya , Lop Buri , Chai Nat and Nakhon -- the state-run MCOT news agency reported , quoting the national disaster prevention and mitigation ministry . An official Thai industrial agency urged factories in Ayutthaya province to shut down through October 11 in order to give it more time to tackle pervasive flooding . The same MCOT report described the situation at the Rojana Industrial Park , in particular , as "  critical . " A government industrial ministry said water will continue to rise over a flood prevention dike , causing issues in the park which has 198 factories that employ 90,000 people . Nationwide , Thai 's Labor ministry reported Friday that 1,215 factories in 33 provinces were underwater -- a disaster that affected about 41,000 workers . Almost half of those workers were in Ayutthaya . Moreover , a corrections department official told MCOT that 3,700 inmates in that province had to be evacuated after their prison was submerged under 1.7 meters  6 feet  of water . Filipinos , meanwhile , are trying to regain their footing after being pummeled by successive typhoons in the span of a week . Typhoon Nesat -- known locally as Pedring -- claimed 55 lives , and the death toll from Nalgae -- known locally as Quiel -- rose to four earlier this week . Health and government officials were working fervently to prevent more deaths Friday as they provided medical treatment for people from flood-stricken areas . Health Secretary Enrique Ona said that 54 medical teams from hospitals in and around Manila have gone to evacuation centers in Bulacan and Pampanga to treat the ill , the state-run Philippine News Agency reported . About 3,600 patients in evacuation centers had respiratory diseases , such as the flu and pneumonia , while there were about 600 diarrhea cases , said Ona . In addition , five in Bulacan had leptospirosis , a bacterial disease . Nearby countries were also dealing with the aftermath of severe flooding . That includes Laos , where the top official in Savannakhet province requested "  large amounts of government funding " in 12 of 15 districts , money that could be used to repair irrigation systems and develop anti-flood systems , according to the state-run KPL news agency . And in Cambodia , Agriculture minister H.E. Chan Saran said that flooding there had affected more than 330,000 hectares  815,000 acres  of rice fields and killed 1,000 working animals in 103 of the nation 's 145 districts , the official AKP agency reported Thursday . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offered her nation 's "  deepest condolences " for the families of those who died in Southeast Asia due to the heavy rains and flooding . "  Our embassies in the region are working with local authorities and international organizations to assess how the United States can be of help to countries where the impact of the flooding has been especially devastating , " Clinton said in a statement . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Flooding in Thailand leaves at least 244 dead and 1,215 factories submerged It affects 28 provinces , including 820,000 households in four provinces Doctors in the Philippines are treating thousands forced to evacuate due to floods Laos , Cambodia and other nations also have been impacted
New York  CNN  -- The winner of the $ 338 million Powerball jackpot paid $ 30,000 in back child support to the mother of three of his children Monday and had the warrant cleared during a hearing in a New Jersey family court . The payment clears Pedro Quezada 's record , probation officials said during the hearing in Paterson . The warrant for Quezada was originally issued in 2009 . He owed a total of $ 29,000 in child support , according to William Maer of the Passaic County Sheriff 's Office . Quezada has five children , ages 5 to 23 . It is not clear which children are covered by the payments or why he paid more than the original warrant required . Quezada told Family Court Judge Ernest Caposela that the children will now live with him . The judge warned Quezada that he 'll be approached with a lot of investment offers , but the best investment would be in his children . "  This is now behind him , and his children are with him , " said Paul Fernandez , Quezada 's attorney , while leaving the courthouse Monday . "  He plans to do what 's conservative and what 's right for his family . " Every person who wins more than $ 600 in the lottery is checked for outstanding taxes , liens , child support payments and the like , according to Judith Drucker , public relations manager for the New Jersey Lottery . The funds owed are taken out of the final payment from the lottery winner , she added . Quezada has chosen a cash payment of his lottery prize that will amount to approximately $ 152 million after taxes . The $ 30,000 for the child support was taken from this sum . CNN 's Chris Kokenes , Lorenzo Ferrigno and Kristen Kiraly contributed to this report	Powerball winner Pedro Quezada pays $ 30,000 in back child support The three children covered will now live with Quezada , he tells judge The payment was taken from his after-tax prize of about $ 152 million
InStyle.com  -- The Cyrus family is ready to rock and always on a roll at its new L.A. home . Kick back and chill out with Billy Ray , Miley and the entire guitar-crazy clan . Billy Ray , Tish and Miley join Braison and Noah for chips and salsa in the kitchen before a rare barbecue . After months on the road , playing concerts one city at a time , Hannah Montana deserves a little R&R when she gets home . "  I just Superman onto my bed , " says Miley Cyrus , 15 , whose Disney Channel alter ego has made her a pop sensation , with two multiplatinum sound-track albums and more than 70 sold-out concerts in the past year . "  I love to sleep . I 'd sleep all day if I could . " Her father and Hannah co-star , country music icon Billy Ray Cyrus , prefers to think of the family 's Mediterranean-style villa in North Hollywood as more than a crash pad . "  I like for the house to be an escape from the insanity that is outside , " says the 46-year-old singer and actor best known for his signature hit "  Achy Breaky Heart . " Inside , the superstars focus simply on relaxing with Miley 's mom and manager , Tish , 41 , grandmother Loretta Finley  who runs Miley 's fan club  , 72 , brothers Trace , 19 , and Braison , 14 , and sisters Brandi , 21 , and Noah , 8 . "  Our house is fun , " says Miley . "  Parts of it are really modern , but it 's mostly old Italian country . " She opted for a "  more chill " vibe in her two-room bedroom one for sleeping , one for hanging out and playing music with friends such as dancer Mandy Jiroux and High School Musical 's Ashley Tisdale . Inspired by the ultra-cool Viceroy Hotel in nearby Santa Monica , the suite has sea blue walls , coral-filled lamps and a delicate shell chandelier that hangs over her bed . "  It feels beachy and Old Hollywood , " says Miley . "  I love the way the room is laid out . " Billy Ray felt the same way about the entire house the first time he saw it in 2007 , when the family decided they needed more space and privacy in the after-blast of Hannah Montana 's success ... "  I just walked in and said , ` That 's it ; that 's the place , ' " he says . Though Billy Ray and Miley have work to do in their native Tennessee , where the highly anticipated Hannah Montana movie is filming , right now he 's eager to lead his youngest daughter on a roller-skating expedition around the house . Miley sits at the foot of the stairs , teaching her brother how to break in his guitar strings . The Cyrus clan is happy to be home , even if the comings and goings of family and friends sometimes get as crazy as life on the road . "  It feels like we 're at the YMCA ; there are so many people just in our family , " Miley says with a laugh . "  Then our friends come over , and it 's like , OK , this is a stinkin ' country club ! " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Miley Cyrus ' Disney Channel alter ego is Hannah Montana , a pop sensation Cyrus has two bedrooms , one for sleeping and one for hanging out The family bought their new L.A. home in the wake of Cyrus ' recent success Cyrus lives with her mom , dad , grandmother , two brothers and two sisters
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian authorities Tuesday filed a police complaint against Continental Airlines for frisking a former president of the country as he was to travel to New York in April . Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials said . Civil aviation officials in New Delhi accused Continental of gross violation of Indian security rules that prohibit pre-embarkation body checks on certain dignitaries like a former president . The police complaint followed a probe that had established that APJ Abdul Kalam was subject to frisking before he boarded a flight from New Delhi to New York on April 21 , the Indian civil aviation ministry said in a statement . The ministry also alleged the airline did not respond to its show-cause notice in connection with Kalam 's body checks . In its police complaint , Indian civil aviation authorities accused the airline staff of "  willful violation " of their directions on exemptions from pre-embarkation frisking . Continental , however , insisted it followed standard American air-safety procedures . "  TSA  Transportation Security Administration  requirements impose a final security check in the aerobridge just before boarding the aircraft . "  This procedure is followed by all carriers flying to the U.S. from most of the countries in the world and there is no exemption to this rule , " it said in a statement .	Indian authorities file complaint against Continental for frisking former president Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials say Continental , however , insists it followed standard U.S. air-safety procedures
CNN  -- It has been said that health policy is too important to be left solely to doctors , because the determinants of health lie mainly outside the medical care system . For complementary reasons I would say that economic policy is too important to be left solely to economists . The effects of economic policy are much more than economic , health principally among them . In fact , so close is the link between social and economic policy and health , that health can serve as an evaluator of policy , a kind of social accountant . Arguably , we value health more than we value growth in the gross domestic product . Health as a social accountant is highly relevant to debates about macroeconomic policy in the wake of the global financial crisis . My caricature of what passes for debate on macro-economic policy is that austerians believe that national debt has to be reduced in order to get economic growth . Keynesians believe that you have to get economic growth in order to reduce debt . Therefore , a booming economy , not an ailing one , is the time for government to spend less . As a non-economist , my solution to the debate is to look not at which policy leads more quickly to economic growth , but at the effect of policy on the lives people are able to lead , and thus on their health . Whatever good economic effects the authors of policies of austerity imagine them to have , their effects on the lives of young people in Europe have been disastrous . There is little doubt that policies of austerity have contributed to youth unemployment in large numbers . Recent figures show unemployment rates of 15 to 24-year-olds are 36 % in Portugal , more than 41 % in Italy , almost 60 % in Greece and almost 58 % Spain . By contrast , the figure is just over 11 % in the Netherlands and under 8 % in Germany . Perhaps some of these young people in Southern Europe are in "  informal " employment , and should n't be counted as unemployed . Even so , there is still a major issue of youth unemployment . It is little use politicians lecturing school leavers to stop being layabouts and get a job , if the jobs are not there . Arguably , policies of austerity make job opportunities more scarce . Youth unemployment matters for at least three reasons . First , unemployment is bad for mental and physical health . Looking across Europe , in general the higher the unemployment rate of a country the higher the suicide rate , and the homicide rate . Far from unemployment being a lifestyle choice , people dislike it so much they are more likely to kill themselves , and each other . The short term effects of unemployment are on mental health . In the longer term , physical health is damaged . In the 1980s economic downturn in Britain , there was clear evidence that unemployment was associated with an increase in mortality of about 20 % , compared with people in the same occupational class . Second , young people who leave education for the scrap heap are in danger of never getting gainful employment with any security . The implication is a life of social marginality , including social isolation , poverty and homelessness -- all of which are bad for health . Throw into the mix the fact that the unemployed have worse diets , are more likely to smoke , and may suffer from the effects of alcohol and drugs , and you have a potent recipe for ill-health . Third , ill-effects on health are correlated with other unfortunate social consequences . The riots that scarred London in the summer of 2011 began in Tottenham . I had been citing Tottenham as having the worst male life expectancy in London , 18 years shorter than that in affluent Kensington and Chelsea . What a coincidence that the riots should have started in Tottenham , and not in Kensington and Chelsea . Of 1,000 young rioters going through magistrate courts , 91.4 % were not in education , employment or training . Why would a young person with a job , or in education , or training , want to riot and loot , when they have a stake in the future ? I do not believe in counsels of despair . The problem of youth unemployment and health is soluble . One strategy is to deal with youth unemployment by making it a prime consideration for macro-economic policy . Other things equal , as economists love to say , do not pursue policies that throw young people on the scrapheap . A complementary strategy is to pursue active labor market policies that have the twin strategy of reasonable unemployment benefits and mechanisms to help young people into training or employment . Evidence from across Europe suggests that the greater the investment in active labor market policies the less effect unemployment has on suicide rates . An economic policy to prevent mental illness ? As a public health doctor I would recommend it . READ MORE : CNN Money : The Future of Health Care Unemployment is hard on the heart , and the harm may add up Unemployment takes tough mental toll Why we need a ` leg-up ' state Davos and its dictionary diplomacy The world 's most exclusive gathering What 's your economic mood ? How much does it cost to go ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Marmot .	Michael Marmot says austerity has increased youth unemployment in Europe Marmot argues that unemployment is bad for mental and physical health He says resulting social marginality , poverty and homelessness harm health Unemployment should be a key consideration in macro-economic policy , Marmot says
CNN  -- I have been a professional educator for 40 years . I have worked at every level of the public school spectrumâ $ " elementary through high school . Having been in education for such a long time , I have witnessed many changes , all aimed at school improvement . Needless to say , not all the suggestions have been sensible . What may appear to be a good idea on paper , or when sitting around a table in discussion of it , does not always make for good reality , especially at the schoolhouse . It is important to note that most of the dictates for schools are proposed by people who have never taught . Regardless of the studies and research aimed at school improvement , I believe good educators have always known what makes schools work more efficiently . However , we get bogged down in rhetoric and what is "  hot " at the moment . I believe that sustained school improvement will take guts  good old fashioned courage  , focus and stamina . Here are a few tenets that make sense to me : If a child is not present at school , he or she can not possibly learn . Schools that consistently report high student achievement consistently have students with great attendance . Yet one of our greatest school problems is student attendance . Why do we have to beg parents to get their children to school , to convince them that we need their children present and as stress free as possible ? A parent asked me once why her child needed to come to school every day . She was actually upset that the school district had a policy that addressed absent and tardy children . She said it was not the school 's business to tell her how to raise her children . Of course , that did not make sense . Students are often caught in the middle of home/school discord . We should be on the same page ! In an ideal world , all parents would recognize the need for excellence and consistency . Until the world reaches that ideal state , we must continue to strive for improved communication between home and school . TED.com : How schools kill creativity All children must have a champion , one who makes solid and sensible decisions that will help them grow into mature , happy and reliable adults . It does not have to be a parent , but it has to be someone . And while it makes sense to hold home to a standard , where are our standards for educators ? Why do we allow incompetence to remain ? Doing so does not make sense . Many poor teachers stay on the job for decades and it is often the poorest schools that are saddled with the poorest teachers . I am not aware of any corporate entity  other than schools  that passes incompetence around in a circle . If it is proven that a teacher ca n't teach  as indicated by low student performance , low enthusiasm , non-existent relationships with students and co-workers  why are n't they fired ? Sports franchises look for the best players and coaches to create a winning team . They hire scouts to find the best personnel and pay them accordingly . I believe that if we paid for excellence and then insisted on it , the academic complexion of our schools would change dramatically . At the public schoolhouse , the players are on the team by default . Public school educators do not get to choose who makes the team and who does n't . Everyone who walks on the field must be coached They may not all be first string , all of them may not make the college or pro team , but they must all know how the game is played and the rules for doing so . It is impossible to create an excellent team with inferior coaching , with players who are allowed to make up their own rules . Championship schools and classrooms are deliberate , not accidental . TED.com : Your elusive creative genius It makes sense to pay attention -- our students give us clues about their lives every day . Signs that a student will potentially drop out are evident long before high school , but that is often when we begin to take notice . Negative and belligerent attitudes , poor academic performance , low attendance rates and a failure to develop positive relationships are evident early on in many children . However , our school counselors and social workers have been cut from the school budget , or have been assigned other duties . A large percentage of children who drop out of high school read far below grade level . The problem presents itself at the elementary level , yet children are continuously passed on . Would n't it make more sense to intensely focus on teaching students to read ? Instead , we opt for placing them in special education . Not wanting to be considered "  mentally retarded , " children are embarrassed and angry and therefore drop out socially long before their physical departure . TED.com : Where does creativity hide ? It makes sense to create a winning spirit in children . All may not want to attend college , but that is what we push for all . Why do we make the students who want to learn a skill or trade feel inferior to their college bound counterparts ? That does n't seem fair , nor does it make sense . We have basically told children that they will be useless citizens without a college degree . The last time I needed a plumber , I did n't ask for his college diploma , I checked for this level of expertise and proof of customer satisfaction . Teachers should encourage skill excellence and passion for whatever students choose to do or become . It just makes sense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rita Pierson .	Rita Pierson : Education is beset by fads , but there are some basic truths It takes guts to hold students and teachers accountable , she says If a child is n't present , he or she ca n't learn ; fire teachers who always fail , she says Pierson : Do n't push every child to go to college or make them feel worthless if they do n't
CNN  -- As one of country music 's greatest , it 's fitting that George Jones ' legacy will be honored with a funeral at Nashville 's Grand Ole Opry . The iconic venue will host the service for the late country legend at 10 a.m. CT Thursday , and it will be open to the public . "  George would have wanted his fans and friends everywhere to be able to come and pay their respects along with his family , " publicist Kirt Webster said . Jones , whose vocals gave life to some of country 's most memorable songs , died at 81 on Friday in Nashville . He had been hospitalized since April 18 with a fever and irregular blood pressure . RIP George Jones , and thank you for the music Fans and friends , both famous and nonfamous , have been honoring Jones ' memory with tweets and remarks on the impact he had on country music . "  Thanks to George 's friends , fans , and loved ones for the outpouring of love at this terrible time , " Jones ' wife , Nancy , said in a statement . "  I love you all . " George Jones : Stars react to legend 's death Before Thursday 's funeral , a private visitation will take place Wednesday evening for family , friends and other performers . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	A public funeral for George Jones will be held Thursday The service will take place at Nashville 's Grand Ole Opry Jones died last week at 81
CNN  -- Roger Federer 's revival is gathering pace . The 17-time grand slam champion will seek his fifth title at the Indian Wells Masters event on Sunday , having breezed past 28th seed Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-1 in a semifinal lasting just over an hour . "  It was one of my best serving days ever , " Federer told reporters . "  When you are serving like that , everything seems easier . I was just going for it out there . " The Swiss veteran , who won his fourth title in the California desert tournament in 2012 , will return to the top five in the rankings next week -- up three places . He will next face a tougher test of his abilities against world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who he beat last month on the way to winning the Dubai title , also on an outdoor hardcourt surface . Federer , who has yet to drop a set this week , is seeking the 79th title of his illustrious career , and victory over Djokovic will put him fourth in the rankings . Dolgopolov had been trying to become the first player ranked outside the top 30 to beat both Federer and defending champion Rafael Nadal in the same tournament . "  I was ready physically , mentally , " said the Ukrainian . "  I was n't nervous much , but I was n't sharp enough . "  My concentration was going away for maybe one , two points every game , and you ca n't afford to have that in these matches . " Djokovic , who won the tournament in 2008 and 2011 , had to work a bit harder than Federer to beat 2012 finalist John Isner on Saturday . The Serbian avenged his defeat by the big-serving American at the same stage two years ago as he triumphed 7-5 6-7  2-7  6-1 in a match lasting two hours 23 minutes . He trails Federer 15-17 in their career meetings , but defeated him three years ago on the way to winning the title in the Coachella Valley .	Former world No. 1 Roger Federer reaches final of Indian Wells Masters tournament Swiss star has won the U.S. outdoor hardcourt event on four occasions He will next play world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who has won it twice Serbian defeats American John Isner , beaten by Federer in the 2012 final
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday . The 30-year-old Spaniard was claiming his third victory of the season for Ferrari after wins in Malaysia and the European Grand Prix . He came home just under four seconds clear of the two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel in his Red Bull . But Vettel was demoted to fifth for running off the track as he overtook McLaren 's Jenson Button on the penultimate lap of 67 . He was handed a 20 second penalty by race stewards to leave Britain 's Button in second place and Finland 's Kimi Raikkonen  Lotus-Renault  in the final podium position . Kamui Kobayashi of Japan was promoted to fourth , with Mexican teammate Sergio Perez  Sauber  in sixth . Home hero and seven-time champion Michael Schumacher was seventh for Mercedes ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who lost ground in the title race . German Nico Hulkenberg , who was ninth for Force India , and his compatriot Nico Rosberg , in the second Mercedes , completed the points scoring . 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton  McLaren  saw his title chances further recede after being forced to retire after a puncture picked up from track debris . It followed an early collision between Ferrari number two Felipe Massa and Frenchman Romain Grosjean of Lotus . For Alonso , a third world title beckons after stretching his lead to 34 points over Australia 's Webber , with Vettel in third , but 10 points further adrift . "  We 'll enjoy the win , " said Alonso . "  Starting on pole was the key factor because it was difficult to overtake and we were not the fastest but we kept the position . " Vettel told the post-race press conference that he had not intended to hinder Button as he overtook the Briton . "  The last thing you want to do is make contact . When we were side-by-side , I tried to give him enough room -- but it 's difficult to see . "  I went wide . We were all struggling with tires , Jenson in particular , which is why I was able to pass him . "	Fernando Alonso wins German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Alonso extends title lead to 34 points with third win of season Sebastian Vettel crosses line second but demoted to fifth Jenson Button second in revamped McLaren
CNN  -- There are few philosophers whose very name provokes more violent responses than Karl Marx . His stern face , framed by a mass of gray hair , symbolizes for many Americans the costly battles of the 20th century : battles against communism , socialism , and authoritarianism fought in defense of democracy and free-market capitalism . As successive generations of Americans waged those fights , the philosophical disputes at the core of the conflicts embedded themselves into the American soul . So much so that when the "  evil empire , " whose seeds sprouted from Marx 's doctrine , died as a result of the revolutions of 1989 , the ideological battle did not . Though the Soviet Union is but a memory , and that other communist behemoth -- China -- has mutated into a capitalist autocracy , the specter of Marx himself remains as potent as ever in 21st century U.S. political discourse . Since 2008 especially , with the fall of financial markets and the rise of Barack Obama , the charge "  Marxist " has been hurled like toxic sludge against politicians seen as ready to redistribute wealth  to the advantage of most Americans  , expand social safety nets , or ensure that all children receive a good education . Critics say these steps are merely the first along a slippery slope that inevitably ends in outright state control . Amid these warnings , the communist horrors of the 20th century float like dark apparitions , reminding us of the bad old days . But I wonder how many of those who invoke the name of Marx in order to stifle political debate actually believe their own propaganda . Or are they conjuring up a convenient bogeyman at a time of great uncertainty . Do they raise Marx 's image in order to deflect attention from slightly warmer bodies  Marx has been dead for 128 years  in positions of political or economic power who are actually more pernicious ? I also wonder whether those who use Marx 's name , and those who tremble at the thought of him , actually know much about the man . Are they reacting to Karl Marx or those things done in his name ? I believe it is the latter . I also believe it is time to understand Marx so that we are no longer made to fear him . When I began working on a biography of Marx 's family in 2003 , I was well acquainted with his theories . I knew , as most do , the history of the governments formed to reflect the state he had supposedly envisioned . I knew of the atrocities committed by those said to be his followers . I had not , however , been properly introduced to the man himself . What I discovered was not what I expected . Karl Marx was a middle-class philosopher , economist , and journalist  whose main employer was a New York newspaper  . He was also flawed in the extreme . He drank excessively , behaved shamefully in his home life , and worked obsessionally , though he produced little that earned him money or recognition during his lifetime . These flaws , however , made him more interesting because , despite being in a state of near constant personal crisis , he was able to accomplish what he set out to do -- he changed the world . Marx began his opposition activities as a youth in Prussia against an absolute monarch who could not see , or perhaps chose not to see , that society was changing . The industrial revolution was spreading eastward and Prussian businessmen were eager to expand with it . But the old system of government would not allow for such progress . The king would not allow the democratic reforms that were the handmaidens of the new industrial order . This was Marx 's first battle , to expose the contradictions between the centuries-old monarchical system and the world as it existed in the first half of the 19th century . According to Marx , it was only natural that as the means of production changed -- in this case a move from an agricultural base to an industrial one -- society would be altered . And if , as he believed , a government 's sole function was to serve the people , then government must also change . Marx saw this social evolution as inevitable . It only became revolution when the kings and their minions refused to reform . By the 1850s , the industrialists had gained political power after revolts across Europe in 1848 caused kings to view proto-capitalists as allies against radicalized lower classes . The wheels of industry were humming , as were the halls of finance , where a new breed of speculator was born , addicted to risk in his quest for ever greater profit . Marx quickly recognized that capitalism would institutionalize social and economic instability . The system 's inherent hunger for new markets , new consumers , new and cheaper methods of production in order to increase the flow of capital would result in a destructive system of boom and bust . After each cataclysm , he predicted , the number of capitalists at the top of the pyramid would be smaller , while the base of disaffected workers grew . Gradually even the middle class would be included . Marx believed that industrial capitalism had also created a new system of repression and exploitation . Politically and socially men were no more equal under this new order than they had been under a monarchy . Rights belonged to those with money and property ; those with only a strong back or skilled hands could not even vote . Financially , those filling the ranks of the industrial workforce were arguably worse off . There was evidence aplenty to support Marx 's assessment . He lived in London , the richest city in the world . And yet as great as was its wealth , much greater was its poverty . In Marx 's neighborhood , some people rented a space in a bed and called it comfort . Others paid for a few inches on a stairwell and called it home . Marx summed up the situation saying , "  There must be something rotten in the very core of a social system which increases its wealth without diminishing its misery . " This is the field where Marx 's ideas grew . He famously spent year after year in the British Museum Reading Room , trying to understand this new system , predict its course , and , finally , offer an alternative . Throughout the 16 years before he produced his greatest literary work Das Kapital , Marx 's family lived in near continual destitution . Their sole consolation was that they believed Marx 's work was noble and important , and that their suffering was small compared with the majority of people who sacrificed their lives so someone else could live in luxury . Das Kapital and Marx 's other political-economic writings were only one aspect of his work . He was also an organizer and educator . Through various small groups , he tried to teach workers , who had neither formal education nor viewed themselves as a political force . The courses included language , literature and history , but mostly politics and economics . Marx was convinced that the only way to successfully change society was to educate the population so that it could eventually lead itself . In 1864 , the most important of his many organizational endeavors was born , the International Working Men 's Association . Its goal was to connect workers and trade unions throughout Europe and America to protect their rights in the face of an increasingly powerful capitalist system , whose tentacles had spread beyond individual nations and were encircling the globe . Marx recognized the working man 's greatest power was his number . Marx died in 1883 , before his books gained a wide readership and before the workers he had been fighting for took their places in government as representatives of labor and socialist political parties . It had taken decades of struggle -- largely nonviolent -- for this to occur . But Marx knew the path to progress would be slow , and that ultimately the best way to re-balance society was through the ballot box . He also believed , however , that the working man had the right to revolt if those in power tried to deny him such political expression -- free speech , free assembly , freedom of the press -- and the vote . Marx 's actual vision for a government of the future was vague , which no doubt is why it has produced so many variants . But he believed ultimately mankind would naturally evolve out of capitalism and socialism , and embrace a communist society in which government was no longer necessary at all . It is a utopian dream that has occurred nowhere -- least of all in the countries most associated with his name . Today , many people know Marx only through the crimes of the former communist countries . But Marx 's ideas also helped give birth to mainstream political parties in Western Europe -- Britain 's Labour Party , Spain 's Socialist Party , France 's Socialist Party , and Germany 's Social Democratic Party . And yet , for some reason in America , these parties are generally not considered part of Marx 's legacy . In the United States , we have been taught to fear Marx for so long that we have forgotten those parts of his philosophy that have become integral to our own lives -- from free education to the right to bear arms . In fact , the era in modern American history that was most "  Marxist " was the 1950s , when union membership was high , personal wealth spread more equitably , and the gap between the rich and poor relatively slim . I came away from my Marx project believing that rather than demonizing Marx , it is better to understand him . If his name is used in political discourse , it should be done in the manner of other great thinkers : as a source of ideas . Whether or not we agree with him , there are lessons to be learned from Marx . To believe otherwise is to ignore a man and a period of history that are crucial to understanding our own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Gabriel .	Mary Gabriel : Karl Marx is potent symbol for Americans , is used as political epithet She wonders whether people who fling Marxist tag know anything about Karl Marx She says Marx a middle-class activist trying to lead Prussian king to democratic reforms Gabriel : Americans taught to fear him , but have adopted some of his ideas , like free education
CNN  A deal has been reached for 200 Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces to pass through Turkey to help Syrian Kurdish fighters in the besieged town of Kobani , just over the border in Syria , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Thursday . The Syrian Kurdish fighters had originally declined the deployment of Peshmerga troops , but Erdogan told reporters in Riga , Latvia , that he 'd learned Wednesday that an agreement for the reinforcement force had been reached . However , an aide to the minister for Peshmerga in Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government told CNN that talks are ongoing . The technical discussions involve four parties -- the United States , Turkey , the Syrian Kurds and the KRG in Iraq -- and decisions on numbers and timing are still a ways off , he said . The reports on the Peshmerga forces came on the same day that Erdogan accused the United States of arming a group linked with terrorists , according to Anadolu , Turkey 's semiofficial news agency . Kurdish fighters have been battling alongside Free Syrian Army forces to repel ISIS forces from the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , said Thursday that ISIS militants have taken control of the western outskirts of the border town . This means they now surround Kobani from three sides : the east , west and south , it said . Meanwhile , heavy clashes continue between Kurdish militia groups and ISIS militants in the northern part of Kobani , the group said . Strong accusation As the clashes raged in Kobani , Erdogan said the border city , which is under the control of the armed wing of the Democratic Union Party , or PYD , is more important to Turkey than the U.S. because Turkey houses the roughly 200,000 refugees who have fled the fighting there , Anadolu reported . He asked the U.S. to recognize the "  dilemmas " there while accusing the country of arming terrorist elements among the Kurdish forces . "  Kobani is not strategic for the U.S. , " he said . "  It could be strategic for us only . And also , Turkey is currently accommodating all the civilians fleeing from the town . There are no civilians there . " Erdogan went on to say the U.S. was pushing arms to the PYD , which he accused of affiliation with the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , which is considered a terrorist organization by the U.S. , Turkey , NATO and others . "  We had said that there are commanders from the PKK in the ranks of PYD fighting in Syria , " Erdogan said . "  We had said that any U.S. aid to this group is going to a terrorist organization . " Airdropped supplies There had been hopes that foreign airstrikes and airdropped supplies could help Kurdish fighters turn the tide against the ISIS militants . But the onslaught has continued . ISIS has said that at least some of the airdropped supplies made it into its fighters ' hands . One of the 28 bundles dropped in and around Kobani on Monday drifted away from its target zone , a U.S. official said . The U.S. military said it went back and blasted it . But a video posted on social media shows what appears to be an ISIS fighter next to a parachute bundle . He goes on to show what appears to be the contents of the bundle , including crates of hand grenades and mortar rounds . CNN can not independently confirm whether the items in the video are from a U.S. airdrop , but according to Anadolu , Erdogan said ISIS had seized some of the weapons . "  The rest , they also were seized by another terrorist organization , the PYD . Turkey did never lean toward such military aid and the U.S. did that despite Turkey , " the news agency quoted him as saying . Erdogan further said the Syrian groups that deserve help are the Free Syrian Army and the Peshmerga fighters , the news agency reported . Fight for strategic hill A Kurdish fighter and a media activist in Kobani also told CNN that ISIS militants are pushing toward the western outskirts of Kobani after attacking checkpoints manned by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , or YPG , and the Free Syrian Army . The attacks forced them to withdraw from the strategic Tall Shair Hill area , they said . But , they said , neither ISIS nor the YPG is able to control the western outskirts of Kobani as fighting for control of the hill rages . Clashes also continue between ISIS and YPG fighters on the eastern outskirts of Kobani , leaving at least five Kurdish fighters dead . ISIS militants were also killed in the clashes , but it was not immediately clear how many . Earlier this week , U.S. airplanes dropped medical supplies and weapons into Kobani to help the city 's defenders . Rights group : Syria airstrikes killed 553 Meanwhile , a month of airstrikes in Syria by the U.S.-led coalition -- many targeting ISIS positions around Kobani -- has killed 553 people , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . A large majority of those killed were ISIS militants , including foreigners , the group said . However , at least 32 civilians were also among those killed between the start of the airstrikes on September 23 and October 22 . They included six children and five women , the group said in a statement Wednesday . In total , 464 ISIS militants were killed , the Observatory said . The airstrikes also claimed the lives of 57 fighters from al Nusra Front , a rival Islamist group fighting in Syria . The figures do not include any casualties in neighboring Iraq , where the coalition has also been targeting ISIS forces . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	U.S. is accused of arming terrorists as ISIS boasts of intercepting weapons Turkish President says deal reached for Iraqi Peshmerga to join Kurds in Kobani Group : 464 ISIS militants are among 553 people killed in a month 's airstrikes in Syria 32 civilians have also been killed , including six children and five women , it says
CNN  -- Thinking about donning a kimono to dress like a geisha for Halloween , or a Mexican mariachi suit ? Students from Ohio University have a message for you : "  We 're a culture , not a costume . " With ethnic and racial stereotypes becoming increasingly popular Halloween costume themes , members of the school 's Students Teaching About Racism in Society are launching a campaign to make revelers think twice before reducing a culture to a caricature , the group 's president said . Posters from the campaign are expected to go up on the Athens , Ohio , campus Wednesday . Meanwhile , the images are making the rounds online , raising debate over whether it 's ever OK for people to paint their faces black , impersonate a racial stereotype for fun , and where to drawn the line . It 's a seasonal point of controversy , but even after widely publicized controversies such as the "  Ghetto Fab " wig at Kohl 's and Target 's illegal alien jumpsuit , costumes of stereotypes abound . On Google 's shopping section , several pages of "  Mexican costume ideas " are available , from "  Mexican donkey costumes " to sexy serapes and tequila shooter girls . The ad campaign from Ohio University show students holding photos of different racial and ethnic stereotypes in costume : an Hispanic guy with a picture of the Mexican donkey costume , an Asian girl with an image of a Geisha , a Muslim student with a photo of a white guy wearing a traditional ghutra and iqal over his head , bombs strapped to his chest . "  During Halloween , we see offensive costumes . We do n't like it , we do n't appreciate it . We wanted to do a campaign about it saying , ` Hey , think about this . It 's offensive , ' " said senior Sarah Williams , president of STARS . "  The best way to get rid of stereotypes and racism is to have a discussion and raise awareness , which is what we want to do with this campaign , " said Williams , who is black and plans on dressing as singer Janelle Monae for Halloween . The most obvious offense occurs when someone who 's not black decides to go blackface , because of the historical context , she said . But the message applies to all races and stereotypes -- and not just during Halloween . The dean of students fully supported the campaign , calling it a "  clean , succinct " way of delivering an important message . "  We 've always tried to get a handle on what it means to be thoughtful and appropriate when it comes to talking to students about choosing costumes and making the best decisions for celebrating Halloween , " Ryan Lombardi said . "  I think it 's a clean way of raising awareness of how the costumes you choose might be offensive . In many cases , students are n't doing it maliciously , but they might not realize the consequences of their actions on others . " The campaign has gone viral , landing on blogs and other schools ' online publications . So far , the response in the editorial sections has been positive . But in the comment sections , not everyone thinks it 's a message that needs to be reinforced . "  Suddenly , I am overcome with the urge to dress up as the Frito Bandito this year , " one comment on the Arizona Daily Wildcat 's piece on the campaign said . "  Guys & girls -- Halloween is just bit of fun . Dead guys do n't come back to life and eat people . There are no hot blonde lady cops in tiny uniforms that demand to ` frisk ' you . Kimonos are OK even if ` Asians ' do n't wear them on a daily basis . " But others think it 's a message that needs to be repeated . "  I think it 's almost impossible to be ironic while being racist , so irony is lost , " said Jelani Cobb , a professor of Africana studies at Rutgers University and the author of "  The Substance of Hope : Barack Obama and the Paradox of Progress . " "  To treat a character like Batman or Superman as a Halloween costume is one thing , but to treat an entire ethnicity as a costume is something else . It suggests that people conflate the actual broad diversity of a culture with caricatures and characters . " While Italian-Americans can be stereotyped as gangsters and Irish-Americans as hard drinkers , there are no pervasive stereotypes for whites on the same level that allow for them to be caricatured as a Halloween costume , Cobb said . "  The more we look at people as caricatures , the harder it is to operate as democracy , " he said . "  What underlies this kind of costuming is the belief that these people are n't quite equal to what we are or are n't as American as we are , or that you as a person who 's not a member of that group should be able to dictate how painful the stereotype should be . "	Ohio University students take stand against dressing up as racial stereotypes for Halloween "  The best way to get rid of stereotypes and racism is to have a discussion , " one says Dean supports campaign , calling it a "  clean , succinct " way of delivering message Online response mixed , with some saying the message takes itself too seriously
Kokrajhar , Assam , India  CNN  -- On July 21 , Abdul Kuddus was resting after a day of teaching his 82 primary school students . He reclined in the shade of his family 's home in the Kokrajhar district of Assam , a state in northeast India bordering Bhutan and Bangladesh . Suddenly , his village came under attack . Men wielding guns , fired shots into the air and torched houses including his . Kuddus and his family ran to the forest and waited for the attackers to leave , watching their village burn to the ground . "  As we left the village later , I saw the school where I taught , " said Kuddus . "  It was also gone -- burned . " More than 300,000 people , including Kuddus and his family , fled the riots that lasted for two weeks and burned their villages in western Assam . The riots started after the killings of two Muslims and four Bodos , a politically powerful tribal group in Assam , that heightened tensions between the two groups , according to local news reports and a human rights report . While the July riots were not the first violent incidents in Assam , the subsequent displacement is being called the biggest since India 's independence . Ethnic clashes in India kill dozens , displace thousands Many residents scattered in search of safety and fled to relief camps set up in schools in neighboring communities . As a result , the start of the academic year for tens of thousands of students has been canceled as classrooms became dormitories for the displaced . "  My students left for a one-month summer holiday on July 1 , " said Munir Islam , a principal whose school is a relief camp . "  They never came back . " Two months after the riots , hundreds of schools remain relief camps . Both the local people and the displaced are feeling the pressure . The Basugaon Higher Secondary School in Assam 's Chirang district , enrolled 1,300 students and now houses more than 6,000 people . In early September , local students held a rally demanding that their school re-open , said Subal Roy , the principal . Even during the protest , Roy said , "  No one had an answer for how to get these people back to their villages safely . " Photos : Aftermath of ethnic riots in India Ali Mohammed , a father of four , has lived in a relief camp at nearby Motilal Bogoria School for two months . "  The local people complain that their school is being used for the camp , " he said . He worried about the disruptions in his children 's lives , but did not think it was safe to return to their village yet . Texts trigger mass panic in Assam "  Look at this situation , " he said , gesturing at a group of children splashing through a puddle with garbage floating in it . "  Why would we want to stay here ? "  It makes us feel bad to take the school from other people -- but where do we go ? " he asked . His 14-year-old son Ahmed added : "  We are using this school for a living place , not a school . We live in uncertainty day to day , just surviving here . " Experts are concerned that a gap in schooling could have immediate and long-term effects on children . "  Even if education is interrupted for just a few months , it can be difficult to get children back into schools , " said Rebecca Winthrop , director of the Center for Universal Education at the Brookings Institute in Washington , D.C. "  Just a daily gathering of teachers and students to read together or discuss the fragile situation around them -- this sense of regularity helps . " Some schools have begun to improvise . At the Lakhiganj Higher Secondary School , administrators set up alternative sites for classes to take place . Some students have classes in a local sports club building , a small concrete structure near the school campus . When the monsoon rains stop and the ground dries , administrators said they plan to hold classes in nearby fields . But the alternative facilities are not an ideal substitute . "  There is no academic atmosphere , " said teacher Rofyul Sheik , as he stood next to his corroded chalkboard in a small thatched building as the ceiling drooped in over his head . "  The students get distracted . " Observers say continuous education is crucial for the future stability of the region . "  Delaying the education of a student in a village because some other people burned it down -- the child will remember that . It will inform his politics for the rest of his life , " said Berlao Karjie , professor of political science at Kokrajhar Government College . "  The memory of your school being taken over by desperate people fleeing violence can have a similar effect , " he said . Monirul Hussein , head of the political science department at Gauhati University in Assam 's capital , said : "  Education is the only hope for children to have a future , especially if their family 's land is getting squeezed . " The July violence fomented amid the long history of political tension and land disputes in Assam . For decades , indigenous people , most prominently the Bodo tribe , have fought for autonomy . Bodos were granted territorial and political sub-autonomy by the Indian government in 2003 . Since then , Muslims in the area claim they have been pushed off the land . The local issues in Assam have become touchstones for political debates across India . Rumors send thousands fleeing in India "  We have failed as a state to manage our diversity , " said Hussein . A recent report on the violence by the Delhi-based Asian Centre for Human Rights claims that a lack of political will to intervene allowed the July riots to take place and that this permits the suffering of students to continue . "  What we 're seeing now in the government 's lack of action on the education issue is the same kind of negligence , " said Suhas Chakma , the center 's director . About 200,000 people remain in the cramped relief camps . Most are Muslim families ; some are undergoing verification to prove they are Indian citizens , which could take months since many lost documents in their scorched homes . Unavailable to speak with CNN , Assam 's education minister stated in late August that schools must re-open , but no official decision has been implemented .	300,000 people fled villages in Assam after ethnic tension and riots Displaced people stay in schools , forcing cancellation of classes Students are upset about inability to continue classes
CNN  -- Chelsea routed 10-man Wigan Athletic 8-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday to dethrone Manchester United as English Premier League champions . United , who needed Chelsea to slip up in the final match of the season , beat Stoke 4-0 at Old Trafford , but it proved academic as Chelsea brushed aside Wigan in ruthless fashion . First half goals from Nicolas Anelka and Frank Lampard from the penalty spot effectively sealed the title for Carlo Ancelotti 's high-scoring team , but they turned on the style after the break to delight their fans . Wigan , a man light after Gary Caldwell was sent off just before halftime in conceding the penalty , were overwhelmed as Didier Drogba hit a second half hat-trick . His strike partner Nicolas Anelka added a second , with Salomon Kalou and England left back Ashley Cole also on target . Big-spending Chelsea have had to play second fiddle while United have won three straight titles and it was a sweet moment for their captain John Terry . "  Magnificent , it 's been a hard three years to see Manchester United lift it , " he told Sky Sports . "  It 's been up and down all year and we went away to Wigan and got beat , but after we went ahead 1-0 today it was the first time I thought that the title was ours , " he added . Chelsea can complete the domestic double with victory over cash-strapped Portsmouth in the FA Cup final at Wembley next weekend , while for United there was bitter disappointment as they remained a point adrift . Wayne Rooney also sparked a World Cup scare when he limped out of the easy win at Old Trafford with what appeared to be a recurrence of the groin problem he first picked up at Blackburn last month . Before that , Darren Fletcher and Ryan Giggs scored before the break . A Danny Higginbotham own goal and Park Ji-sung 's late diving header doubled their advantage but it was all in vain . Rooney had gone into the match level with Drogba on 26 league goals in the race for the Golden Boot , but could not add to his tally . Ivory Coast international Drogba had been denied the chance to take Chelsea 's first half penalty as regular taker Lampard ushered him away . He openly showed his disappointment , but after the break all was forgotten as he finally got on the scoresheet , including a penalty , with Lampard this time making way as the victory was assured . Drogba 's first and Chelsea 's fifth took them to 100 goals for the season , the first time this has been achieved since the Premier League was created . But Ancelotti revealed that he had to speak with Drogba at halftime to tell him to calm down . "  It was my decision , if there was a penalty , to give it to Lampard , " he told Press Association . "  I told him to stay calm and quiet because he 'd have opportunities to score in the second half . I said : ` Quiet . You can score in the second half . " ' In other action on the final day of the season , Arsenal clinched third spot with a 4-0 home win over Europa League finalists Fulham while north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur stay fourth after losing 4-2 at relegated Burnley .	Chelsea thrash Wigan Athletic 8-0 to clinch English Premier League title Chelsea dethrone Manchester United who beat Stoke 4-0 but finish one point behind Didier Drogba with a second half hat-trick clinches award for top league scorer Wayne Rooney limps off before the finish at Old Trafford
CNN  -- A "  miracle " journey has propelled Gael Bigirimana from war-torn Burundi to soccer stardom in the English Premier League with Newcastle United . Separated from his mother as he fled to Uganda as a child , they were reunited later in the UK . And his big break may never have happened had she not sent him on a fateful trip to the shops to buy a pint of milk . His errand took him right past the training academy at third division club Coventry City , when he felt compelled to knock on the door and ask for a trial . "  I heard this small voice inside of me saying ` Go and play ' and I thought , ` Okay . ' I obeyed that voice , " Bigirimana told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I said a prayer : ` God , these guys do n't know me , I do n't know them and so everything I say to them just make them say yes -- even if they do n't understand me just make them say yes , yes , yes ! ' " The precocious boy , then aged 10 , tapped youth coach Ray Gooding on the shoulder and asked if he could play . It was a meeting that would change Bigirimana 's life forever . Gooding promised the kid -- who used to run to school to save paying the modest bus fare -- that he 'd pop along next time he played in a match . Overjoyed , Bigirimana scurried home to tell his family -- but he did n't get far . "  I was really excited , then I started jogging , not even sprinting , just jogging with happiness , " he explains . "  As I was jogging up the hill to go back home , they stopped me . They called me back and said ` Do you have your own equipment ? Boots and stuff ? ' I did n't but I said yes and then they said , ` Come back tomorrow and start training . ' "  They said they saw me running fast , like an athlete . That 's where I believe God showed them something , like a glimpse of the future -- how I was going to turn out to be . "  God 's favor has just been amazing -- going there , signing , playing for two years , I got moved up to the age above and everybody started becoming like a family at Coventry . Until now my life has just been extraordinary , a blessing . " When Gooding moved to join the academy at Newcastle United in the northeast of England , his new employers asked if there were any bright prospects at Coventry that might interest them . Although it would take four years to get his man , Bigirimana eventually signed with the club -- renowned for stars such as Alan Shearer and Paul Gascoigne -- for Â # 1 million  $ 1.6 million  in July 2012 . Now 19 , he harbors the hopes and dreams of some of most passionate supporters in the country -- known as the Toon Army -- and is watched by billions of football-mad fans across the globe . In his first season at the club he featured against Premier League champions Manchester United , Arsenal , Manchester City and played in Newcastle 's Europa League quarterfinal with Portuguese giants Benfica . He has also represented his adopted country at under-20 level . "  It 's nothing but a miracle , where I 've come from to be in this place , " he said . "  If somebody told me two years ago or five years ago that I 'd be here , I 'd say ` You 're crazy . ' "  I believe that this is just a glimpse of what 's going to happen in my life because there 's more to come -- it 's exciting . "  Newcastle as everyone knows is one of the big clubs in England and their history speaks for itself . The fans are just awesome and crazy , but good crazy . It 's a nice place to be -- they 're really supportive and love the club no matter what happens . "  It 's a blessing to play for this club and I 've heard people say how we used to be in the days of Peter Beardsley and Alan Shearer , that the stadium was electric . I want to experience that feeling . I want to be a part of the history of Newcastle in a team that 's done something . " The pristine turf at St. James ' Park is a world away from the dusty streets of Burundi where Bigirimana first cut his footballing teeth . Sharing the family home with his three siblings and extended family in the capital Bujumbura , when Bigirimana was n't playing football he was watching it -- Spanish club Real Madrid catching his eye . "  It 's tough sometimes but as far as I can remember it was good times for me , " he says of his childhood . "  We did n't have boots or real footballs but we appreciated what we had . There was a good spirit , we did n't have a lot but we lived a good life to the maximum . " But with the specter of civil war growing , Bigirimana 's family was about to be displaced as the relationship between the country 's Hutu and Tutsi tribes fractured violently . The aftermath of the first multiparty elections since Burundi gained independence from Belgium in 1962 unleashed a wave of recriminations and uprooted thousands of people , with a civil war that lasted from 1993-2005 . "  The war was the reason we moved to Uganda , so we kind of divided , " Bigirimana explained . "  We got separated from my mum for four years but she rang us and she said , ` I 'm in England and my plan is to bring you guys here . ' She said the plan is to bring you here to have a good education . "  As a child  it was tough  but it worked out really well . It was tough but I just put my trust in God that He knows what He 's doing and I will see my mum any time , any day . " The contrast between downtown Kampale in Uganda and a manufacturing city in the heart of England could not have been greater , but Bigirimana took it in his stride . "  I came to England and I do n't know how to explain it , it was just cool , " he said . "  Every African kid , their dream is to come to Europe or America -- in their head that 's paradise . "  To get here , it 's like everything will get sorted and you never get hungry . In my head I thought , ` Wow , I 'm going to Europe , I 'm going to play with white kids and I 'm going to play football with a different lifestyle , ' so it was very exciting . "  The reason I play football now is for my friends back in Africa and for all of the kids who were in my position when I was in Africa or who never thought I 'd play in the Premier League . Yes I do miss them but I know that one day I will see them . " So what advice would the teenager offer to any youngster back in Burundi who dreams of becoming the next Gael Bigirimana ? "  Never give up and never quit on yourself , " he said . "  I believe everyone is here for a reason , even though sometimes we might not see it , but everyone here has got a plan to play , has got a place to play in this life . "  I always say to people , if they know a jigsaw game , every piece is important and every person in the world is just like a piece of jigsaw , we all have a place to be to feel free in our lives . You 're special and you 're here for a reason . "	Gael Bigirimana is embarking on a football career in one of the world 's biggest stages The 19-year-old from Burundi is now with Newcastle in the English Premier League His family was separated after fleeing due to the war , but they reunited in Britain "  Everyone is special and we 're all here for a reason , " he says of his journey
CNN  -- Iranian officials said Sunday that the Middle Eastern nation will create a court focusing on "  media crimes , " according to state-run media reports , a move that has fueled fears Tehran is further intensifying its crackdown on journalists . Abbas Zagholi , the head of Iran 's Government Employees Court , said the new judicial branch "  was necessitated by the special media crimes , " according to a report in Khabar , a conservative publication run by backers of parliamentary Speaker and Tehran Mayor Ali Larijani . "  For certain reasons , such as great developments in mass media , the Tehran prosecutor felt the need to create a more independent court to deal with media affairs , " Zagholi said . Omid Memarian , a native Iranian and U.S.-based freelance journalist who said he talks regularly with journalists in Iran , said the new apparatus could spell greater attention , and prosecution , of those who do n't mimic Tehranian government positions . "  The fear is that the media ... will be watched more intensely than in the past , " said Memarian . "  They will have more money , more judges and more people to focus on the media and target journalists . " According to the Committee to Protect Journalists , 34 journalists were detained at the end of last year in Iran -- tying it with China for the most imprisoned journalists of any country . They include Mohammad Davari , editor of the news website Saham News , who landed behind bars after reporting on detainees who were raped and tortured in Kahrizak Detention Center . Just last week , the advocacy group delivered a petition signed by 1,102 people to Iran 's ambassador to the United Nations urging Iran to end what it called its "  unjustifiable crackdown " on the media . Memarian said that , in the present system , journalists can not publicize any information -- especially if it could be construed as critical -- unless it is from a government source or ran on a state-sponsored media outlet first . He himself was editor of a publication in Iran from 2003 through 2005 , the same year that he won Human Rights Watch 's Human Rights Defender Award . "  You can not criticize government policies ... If somebody says something inappropriate , you can not report that , " said Memarian , whose work has appeared on the website Huffington Post , in the Los Angeles Times and elsewhere . "  The government has an official narrative  and  no one can challenge that . " Currently , cases involving journalists are tried in Iran 's Government Employees Court . But Zagholi told Khabar that the explosion of mass media , including the Internet and satellite communications , prompted the judicial system change . Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi , Tehran 's chief prosecutor , said "  cultural and media crimes " will be addressed exclusively in the new court "  so that they can be dealt with by specialists , " according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . "  The intention is not to replace the country 's cultural organizations with this court , " Dolatabadi said . The new media court will likely start on or around March , Al Akbar Kasaian , secretary of Iran 's supervising media board , told the semiofficial Fars News Agency . Zhagoli predicted its judges will do a "  great job  to  protect the rights of those working the media and will bring about judicial justice . " "  It is now much easier for people to connect with each other and , therefore , certain new crimes are being committed that can not be overlooked , " he added , according to a translation of his remarks from Khabar . Sunday 's announcement comes days after the fall of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . The head of Iran 's National Security Council and other Iranian authorities had lauded this development , comparing "  the Egyptian Revolution with the victory of Iran 's Islamic Revolution , " according to Iran 's state-run media . But while publicly praising the Egyptian revolution , the Iranian government has rounded up activists after Iran 's two leading opposition figures called for a rally Monday in support of the uprising in Egypt . On Saturday , Iranian authorities had blocked key internet searches in an apparent effort to obstruct access to sites touting the rally , according to an opposition website and two Tehran residents . Iranian authorities on Wednesday warned against any attempt by the opposition movement to hold a rally . Revolutionary Guard Cmdr. Hossein Hamedani told the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency , "  We definitely see them as enemies of the revolution and spies , and we will confront them with force . " The White House says such threats to stifle dissent and mass communication suggest that Iran 's government is not willing to let its people voice their views and embrace freedom . "  They are scared , " press secretary Robert Gibbs said Friday , hours after Mubarak stepped down . "  That 's why they threatened to kill anybody that tries to do this . That 's why they have shut off all measure of communication . " Even with restrictions on journalists , Memarian said many Iranians have been able to track recent developments in Egypt and elsewhere in forums beyond state-run media , including watching news reports from international media and viewing stories online . He said independent journalists still exist within Iran , even after a massive crackdown following popular unrest after the 2009 elections . Their accounts may become important if , as he predicts , opposition forces find renewed strength and voice their views publicly in the coming days . "  We challenge the narrative of the government , " Memarian said , noting that reports get out funneled through journalists like himself and posted online more anonymously . "  They do their role , even if they do n't go public in that role . "	Iranian officials say a new special court will focus on "  media crimes , " state media say The court will include justices specializing in media , cultural issues A U.S.-based Iranian journalist say independent media will likely be even more targeted A journalist rights group says 34 journalists are jailed in Iran , as much as in any nation
CNN  -- Freeze ! Step away from the stack of face masks and hazmat suits . "  What 's more topical than Ebola ? " you 're thinking . "  It 's the perfect inspiration for a Halloween costume , right ?! " No . Just ... no . Using tragic current events as fodder for Halloween costumes is nothing new , but it 's often a hackneyed and insensitive choice . "  Prom night toilet baby " was a popular costume after a spate of girls gave birth to secret babies at school , and a bloodied duo strolled into a party dressed as Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman just last year . This year , for just $ 59.99 on one costume e-tailer , sexy Ebola containment suit can be yours . Knee-slappers , right ? They might evoke a chuckle from the crasser among us , but do you really want to be the hero of the most obnoxious person at the party or , worse , the most-hated person on Twitter ? Photos have already surfaced of a bro dressed as former Baltimore Raven Ray Rice and dragging around a lifeless doll meant to stand in for domestic violence victim Janay Rice . Janay Rice , a real person with actual feelings , weighed in on the tastelessness : " @TMZ it 's sad , that my suffering amuses others . " Do n't be the guy wearing the cruel , uncreative costume . Dallas is reeling from the first Ebola cases transmitted on U.S. soil . Predictably , some local resident chose to decorate his front yard as a biohazard zone . It 's unclear how the families of those who are fighting for their lives feel about the stunt , but you 'd think fellow Dallas denizens would have a little tact . "  Money ca n't buy empathy or good taste  shaking my head  , " Sandra Mundie James wrote to CNN Dallas affiliate WFAA on Facebook . That about sums it up . So maybe shelve the brilliant ideas that involve dead celebrities , biohazards , missing plane passengers , terrorists and domestic abusers . Yep , it 's been a rough year , but why memorialize it around a spider-filled punchbowl at the office party ?	It 's been tragedy-filled year since last Halloween : plane crashes , Ebola , domestic abuse Topical Halloween costumes tend to be popular but can also be tasteless and hurtful One reveler dressed as Ray Rice , who was kicked out of the NFL for domestic violence It might be wise to skip insensitive costumes in favor of more creative choices
CNN  -- Masonia Traylor does n't look sick . The 25-year-old mother of two is poised . Sitting in a boardroom at AID Atlanta , an HIV outreach facility in Atlanta where she volunteers , she exudes confidence . But Traylor is HIV positive . According to the CDC , 50,000 Americans are infected with HIV each year , and 25 % of those are between the ages of 13 and 24 . Sixty percent of youth with HIV do n't know they have it , despite recommendations from the CDC , the American Academy of Pediatrics and the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force . A faceless disease Traylor got her first HIV test as a teenager when someone living with the disease gave a presentation at her high school . She was about 16 and already a teen mother at the time . She knew she had been having unprotected sex and wanted to stay healthy for her young son . At the time , Traylor was in what she believed was a monogamous relationship . During her annual doctor 's visit , she was disturbed to realize she had to ask specifically for an HIV test on top of a standard STD panel . She insisted on taking the test even though her doctor told her -- as a heterosexual woman involved in a monogamous relationship -- that she was low risk . Later Traylor broke up with her boyfriend and began a new committed relationship . That was the year her life changed . Despite vigilance in testing , Traylor was n't prepared for what she found out at her doctor 's visit that year : She was HIV positive . Two weeks later she learned she was pregnant with her second child . "  It was very difficult -- a lot of screaming in my head , a lot of tears -- as if I was going to a funeral every day , " she said . The father of Traylor 's baby tested negative for HIV and she was able to give birth to a healthy daughter . Traylor believes she contracted the disease from an ex-boyfriend who has not been tested . Over the past two years , Traylor has come to a place of acceptance , and she takes personal responsibility for taking a chance with her health by having unprotected sex . But in hindsight , she realizes that even though she knew about HIV , she did n't fully understand her risk of contracting it . "  At home we did n't talk about HIV because it just did n't exist in my world , " she said . "  I was aware it was out there , but I did n't know what it looked like . " HIV does n't have a face , and someone who is infected does n't necessarily exhibit any physical signs . "  You think that you would see signs that a person is sick , " she said , but since that is n't always the case , teens and young adults can feel a false sense of security . They may think , regarding their partner , "  we talk all the time , I trust them , so I do n't need to go get tested , " she said . Traylor was n't always open with her status , but now she dedicates much of her time and energy to raising HIV awareness because she considers the often imperceptible nature of the disease a factor in its continued transmission . Love , sex and stigma Jon Diggs , a prevention specialist and counselor for The Evolution Project , an Atlanta-based center that offers HIV and STD prevention , treatment , and counseling , calls teens ' underestimation of risk part of the "  invisible syndrome . " Diggs works primarily with black gay , bisexual and transgendered men , a community that is disproportionately affected by HIV and AIDS . In 2010 , the CDC estimated that 72 % of new HIV infections in young people were transmitted through same-sex , male sexual activity . Fifty-seven percent of estimated new infections in this age group were in African-Americans . Michael Kaplan , president and CEO of AIDS United , which supports more than 400 grassroots organizations annually , said that as a young gay man he found it difficult to talk to his doctor about HIV testing . Despite seeing a doctor regularly for diabetes , Kaplan , now 44 , said his doctor never offered him an HIV test and made assumptions about his sexual orientation . "  I would say , ' I do n't date girls , ' and hoped he might simply have a clue , but  he  never seemed to allow for the fact I could be gay , " Kaplan said . He said doctors need to create "  an open and accepting environment that talks about sexuality as human nature . " "  The reality is , today , the majority of HIV infections are among men who have sex with men , " Kaplan said . "  Without a doubt , we need broader screening efforts , but I think overall we need broader talk about sexuality in the United States . " If doctors are n't asking about sexuality and sexual activity , he said , then they miss the opportunity to recommend routine testing to young gay men . The reasons that members of this community do n't get tested vary , but there are common threads that touch youth across all demographics , especially questions about what love and sex means after a positive HIV diagnosis . "  What is sex going to look like ? ... What is life going to look like ? Am I going to die ? " These are some of the questions Diggs hears often from those he counsels . The fear of stigma and isolation is great enough that it "  will stop people from wanting to know their status , " he said , "  but it wo n't stop the sexual behavior that 's happening . " For gay , bisexual and transgendered youth , he said , the fear of isolation can be intensified for those with strong religious backgrounds . They may feel their faith or community will abandon them because of their sexual identity . Diggs said he has seen this lead to risky behavior , and he urges parents to be involved early in an open dialogue about safe sex . This includes recognizing that a message of abstinence does n't always work with teens and young adults , he said , and recognizing that the conversation should be focused on sexual health , not just avoiding pregnancy . For a gay teen , he said , preventing pregnancy does n't translate to safer sex . Diggs suggests moving sex and sexual health out of the shadows by making testing a regular family event and using that time as an opportunity to talk about the family 's belief system around partnering , sex and marriage . But being open about one 's sexual health is n't always an easy thing -- a lesson Traylor has learned when she broaches the topic of dating . "  When I get to the point and I ask someone , ` Would you date someone that 's HIV positive ? ' A lot of people ca n't answer that question . " Learning when to disclose her status has become part of the learning curve for Traylor . She said being upfront earlier about her status has made things better . People respect her honesty and it makes the conversation easier to have . Other obstacles For a teen , finding and getting to a testing facility can be a challenge all its own . Ainka Gonzalez , prevention programs manager at AID Atlanta , said she has seen teens struggle to get tested simply because they ca n't get transportation to a testing facility . For a high school student , teens must find a location that operates outside of school hours if they do n't want to involve their parents . And , if a teen tests positive for HIV , their parents may need to get involved anyway . "  Laws differ around the country , but usually if you do test positive for HIV and you 're underaged , a parent would have to consent for treatment , " Gonzalez said . "  If a young person may be having other challenges at home , this of course will amplify it . " Kaplan thinks easier access to testing is crucial . "  If kids got to a place where they were routinely offered screening ... they would n't struggle with ` Where can I get tested ? Who do I talk to about it ? ' And a lot of the stigma would be eradicated , " he said . The next hurdle is paying for treatment . Teens who are too young to have their own health insurance and young adults up to age 25 who are on a parent 's health insurance plan will likely need family support to pay for medication . Without insurance , they often need to contact the department of health -- an option Traylor , whose medication runs $ 3,000 a month , finds "  terrifying . " "  At one point , I was so afraid that I was n't going to get health insurance anymore that I stopped taking my medicine , " she said , and hoarded medication because she expected a month-long wait for a doctor 's appointment through the department of health . To find HIV testing facilities in your area , go to HIVtest.cdc.gov . The next generation Traylor feels her HIV education in high school did n't offer crucial information about testing facilities and local rates of infection -- information you can find on CDC.gov . "  In school we learn  ed  that HIV can lead to AIDS and AIDS can lead to death . ... It 's a fear and that 's it . " Today , Traylor is raising two healthy children with the help of her mother , and is educating them early about HIV . The education starts at home , but it is n't always easy . Traylor helped her 9-year-old son with a project on the stigma of HIV , but admitted she was nervous to talk to him about sex . "  I said , ` If mommy had HIV , what would you do ? ' He said he would n't touch me , he would n't kiss me ,  or  hug me anymore . " It opened the door for Traylor to talk to her son about how HIV is transmitted . Though she did n't tell him her status , she explained to him that HIV and AIDS ca n't be spread though common contact , like hugs and kisses . "  Then  he  said , "  OK , Mom , I 'll hug you . And I 'll kiss you . I 'll still love you the same . "	A quarter of those infected with HIV are between the ages of 13 and 24 More than half of youths with HIV do n't know they have it Reasons youths do n't get tested can vary widely A message of abstinence may not work for all teens and young adults
Financial Times  -- Two Russian billionaires have clashed publicly over corporate governance at the world 's largest aluminium company , after Viktor Vekselberg said United Company Rusal was in "  deep crisis " because of bad management and a heavy debt load . Mr Vekselberg resigned as Rusal 's chairman on Monday night , saying it had been transformed from "  a world leader in the aluminium industry into a company overburdened by debt and involved in a huge number of legal battles and social conflicts " . Oleg Deripaska , Rusal 's controlling shareholder and chief executive , hit back at Mr Vekselberg on Tuesday . "  There is no crisis , either deep or shallow . There is a difficult situation on the market which determines the economic results , " he said , adding that Rusal would replace him with an independent chairman . Rusal , which suspended its Hong Kong-listed shares on Tuesday , had earlier said that Mr Vekselberg failed "  to perform his duties as a public company board chairman " . A spokesman for Mr Vekselberg declined to comment on Rusal 's accusation . Rusal 's shares were down over 3 per cent as trading resumed Wednesday morning in Hong Kong . Falling aluminium prices and heavy debts have cast a cloud over Rusal since it launched an initial public offering on the Hong Kong stock exchange in early 2010 . The company attracted large investments from the financier Nathaniel Rothschild , hedge fund manager John Paulson and two of Asia 's richest men , Hong Kong-based billionaires Li Ka-shing and Robert Kuok . The stock is now 43 per cent below its IPO price . Rusal 's IPO was controversial in the Chinese territory because of corporate governance concerns , and regulators initially restricted its sale to retail investors . Rusal 's banks , which could have called in the company 's loans if aluminium prices continued to fall , gave it a 12-month reprieve in January . Mr Deripaska said the agreement would allow Rusal to service its $ 11.4 bn debt . Mr Vekselberg co-owns a 15.8 per cent stake in Rusal with another Russian oligarch , Leonard Blavatnik . Mr Vekselberg and Mr Deripaska have also been at odds over whether Rusal should sell its 25 per cent stake in Norilsk Nickel , the world 's biggest nickel miner . Mr Vekselberg has been seeking to sell many of his Russian assets over the past year , and supported a $ 12.8 bn offer from Norilsk to buy back most of Rusal 's stake . The deal , made at a big premium to the market price at the time , would have allowed Rusal to pay off its $ 11.4 bn debt burden and begin paying dividends to shareholders . But Mr Deripaska , who sees Norilsk as a "  strategic asset " , refused to sell . A person close to one of the shareholders claimed the problems had broken out over a potential sale of Mr Vekselberg 's stake in Rusal . Mr Deripaska declined to comment on which shareholders Mr Vekselberg had been in discussions with . He said : " -LSB- Mr Vekselberg -RSB- has been receiving proposals all the time , but he always refuses them and raises the price . " © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Two Russian billionaires clash on governance at the world 's largest aluminium company , Viktor Vekselberg said Rusal was in "  deep crisis " because of bad management Oleg Deripaska , Rusal 's chief executive , said ` there is no crisis '
CNN  -- Christian militia fighters killed at least 72 Muslim men and boys in two attacks in a remote southwestern corner of the strife-torn Central African Republic , rights group Human Rights Watch said Thursday . The attacks in the village of Guen , which occurred in February , came to light after the rights group interviewed survivors , mostly women , children and the elderly , who had sought refuge in a nearby village . Researchers also uncovered another massacre two weeks later in another village , Yakongo , this time of 19 people . They were killed by armed fighters from Seleka , a predominantly Muslim group , supported by cattle herders , the rights group said in a report . According to Human Rights Watch , French and African Union peacekeeping forces are deployed in the larger southwestern towns of Boda and Carnot but do not patrol the road between them where these villages lie . The spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led some observers to fear another genocide like that seen in Rwanda nearly 20 years ago . The Central African Republic was plunged into chaos last year after Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March 2013 , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . One of Seleka 's leaders , Michel Djotodia , then seized power , only to step down as president in January after failing to halt the escalating violence . Catherine Samba-Panza , the mayor of Bangui , was recently installed as the country 's interim President , but the situation remains volatile . To counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups , vigilante Christian groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to "  anti-machete , " have fought back . Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that anti-balaka fighters were behind the two attacks on Muslims in Guen , one on February 1 and the second four days later . One woman described seeing her husband being set upon with machetes as she fled with their 4-year-old son . And the father of 10-year-old Oumarou Bouba told Human Rights Watch that the militia did not spare his son despite his young age . "  I took my son when the anti-balaka attacked , " he said . "  As we were running away , he was shot by the anti-balaka . He was shot in the right leg , and he fell down , but they finished him off with a machete . I had no choice but to run on . I had been shot too . I later went to see his body , and he had been struck in his head and in the neck . " Human Rights Watch called for Samba-Panza 's interim government to investigate the killings and hold those responsible to account . It also called for the international community to hasten the authorization and deployment of a U.N. peacekeeping force in order to protect vulnerable people in remote areas . "  These horrendous killings show that the French and AU peacekeeping deployment is not protecting villages from these deadly attacks , " said Lewis Mudge , Africa researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  The Security Council should n't waste another minute in authorizing a United Nations peacekeeping mission with the troops and capacity to protect the country 's vulnerable people . " On Tuesday , the European Union announced a military operation to help restore stability to the Central African Republic . It will focus on securing the country 's capital , Bangui , and its airport , "  with a view to handing over to a U.N. peacekeeping operation or to African partners , " a statement said . France , the former colonial power in the Central African Republic , deployed 1,600 personnel there to support African Union troops in December after a U.N. Security Council vote authorizing military intervention . Last year 's coup was the latest in a series since the country gained independence in 1960 . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Survivors tell of a massacre of Muslim men and boys in a remote village , rights group says Another massacre carried out days later by Muslim fighters , Human Rights Watch says The group calls for a U.N. peacekeeping force to protect vulnerable rural communities Spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led to fears of genocide
He is the face of terror . A ruthless leader with a twisted ideology . And the sadistic architect of a campaign of mayhem and misery . And yet , very little is known about Abubakar Shekau , the leader of Boko Haram . He operates in the shadows , leaving his underlings to orchestrate his repulsive mandates . He resurfaces every once in a while in videotaped messages to mock the impotence of the Nigerian military . And he uses his faith to recruit the impressionable and the disenfranchised to his cause . He 's a religious scholar Shekau was born in Shekau village that borders Niger . He studied under a cleric and then attended Borno State College of Legal and Islamic Studies for higher studies on Islam . That 's why he 's also known as ` Darul Tawheed , ' which translates to an expert in monotheism , or the oneness of Allah . He 's a polyglot He speaks several languages fluently : Hausa , Fulani , Kanuri and Arabic . But English is n't one of them . After all , he heads a group that rejects all things Western . He 's elusive Even his age is unknown -- estimates range between 38 and 49 . The U.S. State Department has Shekau 's year of birth listed as 1965 , 1969 and 1975 . He 's a loner Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise . He does not speak directly with members , opting to communicate through a few select confidants . He uses many aliases : Abu Bakr Skikwa , Imam Abu Bakr Shiku and Abu Muhammad Abu Bakr Bin Muhammad Al Shakwi Al Muslimi Bishku among them . He was an unruly No. 2 Boko Haram was founded by Mohammed Yusuf , a charismatic , well-educated cleric who drove a Mercedes as part of his push for a pure Islamic state in Nigeria . He was n't too effective as a leader and had a hard time keeping his second-in-command in check . Shekau was more radical and had grander designs . ... And merciless as No. 1 Mohammed Yusuf was killed in a security crackdown in 2009 , along with about 700 of his followers . That left Shekau in charge . He vowed to strike back , and his group has spared no one : government workers , police officers , journalists , villagers , students and churchgoers . Human Rights Watch estimates that in the past five years , more than 3,000 people have been killed . He 's come back from the dead The Nigerian military has touted Shekau 's death several times , only to retract its claim after he appeared alive and vibrant in propaganda videos . They almost got him in September 2012 when they raided his home , where he had snuck in for his six-day-old baby 's naming ceremony , according to the International Crisis Group . He managed to get away with a gunshot wound to the leg ; his wife and three children were taken by the military . He uses Islam to recruit and radicalize The northeast , where Boko Haram has been most active , is economically depressed and among the least educated regions in Nigeria . Shekau has done a good job of convincing residents that the powers in Abuja are corrupt and a better system of government would be a strict enforcement of Islamic Sharia law across Nigeria . And his promise , coupled with a weapon and a license to plunder , has been enticing to hundreds of young men . ... and the government 's response is n't helping The central government 's heavy-handed and frequently untargeted anti-terrorism campaign has just helped create more members to sustain Boko Haram . The country 's own Human Rights Commission last year accused the military of arbitrary killings , torture and rape in its campaign against the group . This makes for fertile territory for Boko Haram . He 's exporting his brand of terror There 's no firm evidence as yet that Boko Haram has ambitions beyond Nigeria . But its campaign of terror has spilled into remote parts of Cameroon and it appears to have informal links with militant Islamist groups in Mali and Niger . He 's made good on his brutal threat It was in May 2013 that Shekau first announced in a video that Boko Haram would start kidnapping girls . The kidnappings , he said , were retaliation for Nigerian security forces nabbing the wives and children of group members . The most horrifying instance was last month 's abduction of 276 girls from a girl 's school . "  I abducted your girls , " he taunted with a chilling smile in a new video that surfaced this week . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . " There 's a $ 7 million bounty on his head Shekau has been on the radar of U.S. officials since he came to power in 2009 . Last June , the United States put a bounty on him , offering a reward of up to $ 7 million for information leading to his location . ... But that 's yet to yield results Here 's why , says CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour : "  African warlord  Joseph Kony 's had a bounty for years and years . Even with the ` Stop Kony ' video that went viral , nothing has happened to get Joseph Kony -- even though it 's about the only thing in Africa that the United States has committed some forces and some intelligence to . "  Osama bin Laden was not given up because of the $ 25 million bounty . And who knows whether this will be the case . " In Nigeria , the mass abduction of schoolgirls is n't shocking Why terror group kidnaps schoolgirls , and what happens next 6 reasons why the world should demand action	Analysts describe Shekau as a loner and a master of disguise When he came to power , he vowed to strike back against the military He uses Islam to recruit the disenfranchised The U.S. has placed a bounty on his head
CNN  -- Pakistan 's Supreme Court declared on Wednesday that an amnesty that had protected politicians , including President Asif Ali Zardari , from corruption and criminal charges , was unconstitutional . The 17-judge court invalidated the National Reconciliation Order , saying in its ruling that the amnesty "  seems to be against the national interest " and "  violates various provisions of the Constitution . " The order , passed in October 2007 under then-President Pervez Musharraf , protected thousands of bureaucrats and politicians , including Zardari and his wife , late former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , from corruption and criminal charges . It expired last month . The supreme court said its ruling revived all cases that had been suspended or withdrawn under the amnesty . There was no immediate response from Zardari 's government to Wednesday 's ruling . However , as president , Zardari still has immunity from prosecution . Although he was never convicted , Zardari spent 11 years in jail on corruption allegations that he called politically motivated . Bhutto had faced corruption charges in at least five cases , but was not convicted . Before her return to Pakistan to take part in the elections in 2007 , she had been in self-imposed exile for eight years after being convicted on money-laundering charges . When Bhutto was prime minister , frequent accusations of corruption against her husband , Zadari , of stealing from government coffers and accepting kickbacks , prompted many Pakistanis to derisively label him "  Mr. 10 Percent . " He became the Pakistan People 's Party head after Bhutto was assassinated during a campaign rally in December 2007 , and he became president eight months later . The PPP had tried in October to extend the amnesty ahead of its deadline , but faced strong protest from opposition parties in parliament . A day ahead of the amnesty 's expiration , Zardari told Pakistan 's Express News that he still had immunity as president and was n't concerned about the reopening of cases against him . The president 's spokesman echoed that sentiment in November . "  The president is absolutely not concerned , " presidential spokesman Farhatullah Baber told CNN . "  It 's whatever the courts decide . We will cross that bridge when it comes , " Baber said .	Pakistan 's Supreme Court declares amnesty protecting politicians is unconstitutional Politicians , including President Asif Ali Zardari , were protected from corruption , criminal charges Amnesty , passed in 2007 under then-President Pervez Musharraf , expired last month As president , Zardari still has immunity from prosecution
CNN  -- Police have forensic evidence linking a pair of escapees from an Arizona prison to the investigation of a couple found dead in New Mexico this week , an official with the New Mexico Department of Public Safety said Saturday . The fugitives , who escaped from prison eight days ago , are suspects in the investigation into two burned bodies found in a camper Wednesday in Santa Rosa , New Mexico , according to Peter Olson , communications director for New Mexico Public Safety . New Mexico police have yet to positively identify the burned bodies , but believe they are Linda and Gary Haas of Oklahoma , whose truck was found 100 miles away in Albuquerque , New Mexico , according to Olson . Forensic evidence found in that truck links John McCluskey and Tracy Province , the two escaped prisoners , to the investigation into the burned bodies , Olson told CNN . He would not elaborate on the nature of the evidence . Earlier Saturday , authorities arrested McCluskey 's mother and charged her with aiding the escape . Claudia Washburn , 68 , was arrested and charged with conspiracy to facilitate escape and hindering prosecution , Deputy U.S. Marshal Thomas Henman told CNN . The inmates , who authorities describe as armed and dangerous , have been at large since fleeing an Arizona prison on July 30 . Washburn allegedly provided "  financial and other aid " to her son and the second escapee and to a woman who was helping them , Henman said . Washburn was arrested in Jakes Corner , Arizona . A nationwide manhunt continues for McCluskey , 45 , who was serving 15 years for attempted second-degree murder and other charges , and for Tracy Province , 42 , who was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . The two are believed to have left Arizona but to still be in the United States , Henman said . In an interview with CNN Arizona affiliate KTVK , Washburn 's husband said that he 'd shoot his stepson McCluskey if he saw him again . "  I told the U.S Marshals I have n't got that long to live , " Jack Washburn said . " -LSB- I 'd -RSB- serve my time . " "  You think you 're Bonnie and Clyde , " he continued , referring to the two escapees . "  You 're not . No comparison . " A female accomplice helped Province , McCluskey and a third inmate , Daniel Renwick , escape by throwing cutting tools over a prison fence , said Charles Ryan , director of Arizona 's Department of Corrections . Authorities have identified the suspected accomplice as Casslyn Mae Welch , 43 . Welch is Claudia Washburn 's niece and is McCluskey 's cousin and fiancée , KTVK reported . Renwick was captured Sunday in Colorado after getting in a shootout with authorities . After the break , the inmates and the accomplice abducted two truck drivers at gunpoint on Interstate 40 outside of Kingman , Arizona , and hijacked their 18-wheeler , according to the Mohave County sheriff 's department in Kingman . The truck drivers and the rig were released five hours later in Flagstaff , about 135 miles to the east . The fugitives were later believed to be driving a 2002 silver Volkswagen Jetta purchased last Saturday in Phoenix . They were later spotted on a security camera in a bank inside a grocery store in Goodyear , Arizona , according to Barrett Marson , spokesman for the Arizona Department of Corrections . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Christine Sever contributed to this report .	NEW : Forensic evidence links Arizona escapees to burned bodies found in New Mexico NEW : One escaped inmate 's stepfather says he 'd shoot stepson Two of three escapees are still at large Authorities believe the pair have left Arizona but are still in the U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Several hundred union and other progressive activists sought to capitalize on the growing "  Occupy Wall Street " protests Wednesday , holding a rally on Capitol Hill to demand new public spending on job creation and an end to federal budget cuts . The rally , led by former White House clean energy adviser Van Jones , highlighted growing liberal frustration with a public policy agenda increasingly dominated by deficit reduction efforts as opposed to more traditional economic stimulus measures . A number of progressive Democrats are hoping to use the growing protests on Wall Street and elsewhere to energize the party 's base in advance of the 2012 elections . They are also hoping to build new momentum for President Barack Obama 's stalled $ 447 billion jobs bill . Jobs bill sparks tense Senate exchange "  The progressive movement is on the upswing , " declared Rep. Keith Ellison , D-Minnesota . "  We are not going to stop . We are going to get the justice we deserve . " The boisterous crowd responded with a series of chants , including "  What 's disgusting ? Union busting ! " and "  Hey hey , ho ho , Speaker Boehner 's got to go . " Linda Evans , an unemployed home health care provider from Washington , pleaded for Congress to do more to reduce unemployment . "  I come from a proud family . I 'm a proud woman , " she said . "  I want to make a difference . ... Give us a chance . Fight for us . We 're the ones who put you in office . " Mahlon Mitchell , head of the Professional Firefighters of Wisconsin , complained that "  we see Wall Street flourishing right now " while other Americans continue to struggle with the economic downturn . "  They got us into this mess . I say it 's their job to get us out of this mess . ... It 's time for us to stand up , " he said . The "  real problem , " he asserted , is the "  deregulation of banking " and Wall Street . Overheard : Banks not getting the message Mitchell mocked GOP attempts to call the wealthiest Americans "  job creators " who would be forced to lay off more workers if their taxes are increased . In the past , he said , "  we called  these people  robber barons . " "  We did n't start this fight , " Mitchell declared . "  But it 's the fight they want  and  it 's the fight they 're going to get . " Rep. Raul Grijalva , D-Arizona , insisted liberal leaders are not trying to create a counterweight to the conservative economic populism of the tea party . "  This is not an answer to the tea party , " he asserted . "  This is not about hate . This is not about fear . This is not about division . " It 's an effort to "  restore democracy to this nation . " "  We are going to fundamentally change the political culture of this nation , " he said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Paul Courson contributed to this report	Union leaders and others hold a Capitol Hill rally against budget cuts Liberal political activists are trying to capitalize on the "  Occupy Wall Street " movement One congressional Democrat insists they are not trying to create a liberal tea party
Editor 's note : Raquel Cepeda is an award-winning journalist , documentary filmmaker and former editor of Russell Simmons ' Oneworld magazine . Cepeda wrote and directed the feature documentary , "  Bling : A Planet Rock , " about hip-hop 's obsession with diamonds and its effect on the decade-long conflict in Sierra Leone . Cepeda is based in New York , where she was born to Dominican parents . Find her at http://djalirancher.com/blog/ . Raquel Cepeda says people do n't fit into the neat categories outlined by the U.S. Census . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Let 's all pretend to be the astrologer Walter Mercado for a moment . Say we predict that the Obama administration 's master plan to engage people of Latino/Hispanic/Spanish origin proves to be effective . Let 's say that along with strategic partners Telemundo and the Census Bureau , they somehow manage to corral the millions of "  Latinos " into filling out the 2010 census forms in April . Say the idea of plot-kneading the message into an already half-baked yet inexplicably popular telenovela , "  Mas Sabe el Diablo , " wins over the hearts and minds of "  Latinos " everywhere . But what 's a Latino ? While we all may speak a version of our Spanish colonizer 's language , contrary to popular belief , we 're not all Mexican . Yes , the majority of Latinos in America are of Mexican descent , but we also hail from other countries around the world . Take the ethnically ambiguous 15 percent of us who descend from the Dominican Republic , Puerto Rico and Cuba . An overwhelming majority of us are n't solely of Spanish , black or native origin : We 're all of the above and then some  some of our ancestors migrated from Asian , Middle Eastern and an array of European countries  . With the 2010 census upon us , the time is now for the fastest-growing minority group in the country to define themselves for themselves and at the same time clear up the cultural confusion surrounding our identity . But how can we , given the perplexing racial categories on the census , coupled with our own complex identity issues , paint an accurate picture of who and how complex we are , not just what we are ? Take me , for example ; I 'm a first-generation American , the product of Dominican parents whose short-lived relationship could have rivaled that of Shakespeare 's own telenovela , Romeo and Juliet . My family is made up of a rainbow coalition of racial chameleons . Recently , I was told that my maternal grandmother 's own abuela was Vietnamese ; my maternal great-great-grandfather was Haitian ; somewhere on my paternal side , we 're supposedly Sephardic . As in many Dominican families in my New York neighborhood -- Washington Heights -- with ties to the motherland , blackness is rarely discussed . When I traveled to Sierra Leone and Ghana , I was asked if I was Moroccan , Lebanese or Eritrean . In Paris , if I was Brazilian or Arabic . In fact , I 've been singled out a couple of times when entering and leaving Brazil , and was once accused of having a fake American passport by an agent . Being mistaken for everything but a person of Dominican heritage has certainly piqued my desire to examine how I and other Latinos fit into our national and global communities . When I learned that nearly eighty percent of Puerto Rico 's 4 million colorful residents checked off the "  white " racial box on the last census , I was n't floored -- given the alternatives . Race in the Caribbean lies in the eye of the beholder . And the beholder , from centuries of colonization , has more often than not been socialized to reject their blackness despite our collective and direct relationship to slavery . An association with a historically discriminated ethnic group like African-Americans somehow drives the idea that the American dream is out of reach . In the American media , people with darker complexions are often grossly stereotyped . And Spanish language television often depicts people with darker skin and so-called African features as shiftless , ignorant and at the bottom of the social barrel . This sort exposure , along with other factors , will result in a Latino with dark skin to be inclined to check off "  white , " especially if their only other choices were "  African-American " instead of , say "  Black/Brown , " and "  Native American " rather than the more familiar "  Indio/Taino . " And then there 's the pesky "  Hispanic/Latino/Spanish " issue . I posed a few questions about the racial categories within the census to my Latino followers on Twitter . Off the bat , people found that lumping Spanish-speaking origins together was misleading . @TheJLV , self-described as half Dominican , wrote that there are "  definitely misnomers unless you 're strictly from Spain or have acknowledged Spanish ancestry . " Many used "  Latino " and "  Hispanic " interchangeably , unsure about the differences , but rejected Spanish altogether because not doing so would be the same as an American calling themselves "  English . " Younger generations of American-born Latinos are challenging the census ' categories , like 25-year-old @deevazquez , whose parents are Dominican and Puerto Rican-American : "  Having Afro-Caribbean roots , I do n't feel like any of those labels really represent my culture and historical background . " Others , turned off by the overgeneralizations , are opting out altogether . If anything encouraging results in Latino census participation , aside from enhancing your state 's chances of receiving a chunk of the allocated $ 400 billion in federal funds , it may be a growing desire within the Latino-American community to ask questions . Many responders have expressed interest in exploring their roots through genealogical DNA testing . I 've often wondered where my Dominican ancestors originally came from , as have others in my community . Said one responder , "  Not only do I look at myself and feel like I look different in every picture or mirror , but I also look at my family and wonder where certain features come from , " she states , "  and what it all mean -LSB- s -RSB- . " Many of us want to know . Maybe in the future , the Census Bureau may want to borrow from a survey conducted by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in 1976 and ask Latinos to classify themselves . Through self-definition , the population presented 134 terms to describe race . Though it 's uncertain that Latino-Americans will come close to topping Brazil 's exhaustive list of ethnic categories , the results will certainly encourage all Americans to start thinking outside the box when it comes to their perceptions of race . One thing is certain : Christopher Columbus and his pirates of the Caribbean did their best to not only conquer the land but also , through slavery and miscegenation , to literally change the face of the New World . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Raquel Cepeda .	Raquel Cepeda : The census tries to categorize people by ethnicity , race She says reality is Latinos have very varied , complex backgrounds She says many people resist being classified by simple labels
CNN  -- In the past , if you wanted to be able to be able to lift more weight you would have to spend months bulking up at the gym . Now , with a new invention from a group of engineering students at the University of Pennsylvania , you can just strap on an external bicep and you are ready to go . The bionic device , called the Titan Arm , is the brainchild of four mechanical engineering students who , in their final undergraduate year , built an upper-body exoskeleton that can be used in physical therapy and manual labor . The invention won its inventors $ 10,000 in the Cornell Cup for Innovation and has recently been shortlisted for the 2013 Dyson award . The Titan Arm straps directly to a user 's right arm to help lift heavy objects that the user would n't normally be able to lift . Its inventors believe that it will be useful in aiding physical rehabilitation , both for people who have suffered upper body injuries and for those with pre-existing muscular-skeletal disorders . The Titan Arm 's inventors say the exoskeleton can also be used by people whose jobs require heavy lifting such as warehouse workers , removalists and couriers . "  With the Titan Arm , we wanted to create something that could both augment a user 's natural strength as well as help someone perform physical therapy in their own home , " says Elizabeth Beattie , one of the Titan Arm 's inventors . "  We wanted to create something that was low-cost and easy for a user to put on and strap to themselves . " According to the United States Department of Labour , back disorders are one of the leading causes of disability for people during their working years . The American National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health says that back problems afflict over 600,000 employees each year with a cost of around $ 50 billion annually to the U.S. economy . The problem is significant in other countries : the World Health Organisation says that worldwide , 37 % of lower back pain is due to injuries sustained in the workplace . Beattie says that addressing this problem while being attentive to user comfort was one of the primary motivating principles in designing the device : "  We wanted something that was comfortable for the user , something that mimics the body 's natural mobility and range , so we definitely went through a lot of testing in order to get to where the design is right now . " The Titan Arm attaches to a user 's right arm with a power motor at its elbow joint . The bionic limb can lift approximately 40 pounds of weight , augmenting a user 's natural strength . The arm is predominantly made of aluminum and steel components , and is powered by a DC battery . As well as helping lift weight , the arm can also be locked into any position with a ratchet brake to hold an object steady without any exertion from the user . JD Albert , an engineer and co-founder of E-Ink , calls the Titan Arm "  exciting , " but adds : "  I would caveat that with the fact that it 's a very tough product to launch for a lot of reasons ... it needs to feel right  and  I think there 's also some pretty significant safety concerns ... We are taking a piece of machinery and integrating it with a person and so naturally you need to make sure that there 's no way to injure someone . " Still , Albert says that for young engineers , the Titan Arm represents an impressive achievement : "  They 've managed to combine a pretty wide variety of disciplines both dealing the mechanical side of things -- the design and the electrical -- and the software side of things as well . " Beattie says that the Titan Arm team intends to keep working on the exoskeleton with a view to one day bringing it to market : "  The four of us definitely want to use our engineering tool kits to better the quality of life of those around us . I think that 's one of the things that technology really has the power to do . "	University of Pennsylvania students develop upper-body exoskeleton The invention can lift 40 lbs and be used for physical rehabilitation The Titan Arm won the Cornell Cup for Innovation Inventor JD Albert described the device as "  exciting "
CNN  -- A Nigerian man accused of attempting to detonate an explosive device in his underwear aboard a flight to Detroit last Christmas pleaded not guilty Thursday to new charges , authorities said . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was indicted on two new counts -- conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries and possession of a firearm or destructive device in furtherance of an act of violence . He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison on the new charges and on six counts brought against him in early January if he 's convicted . During a 20-minute hearing Thursday , AbdulMutallab stood mute when asked his plea , so U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds entered a not guilty plea on his behalf , said Rod Hansen , court spokesman . "  The government asked for a trial date , but the judge said that because the superseding indictment had just been filed the day before , she wanted to give the defendant and his standby attorney time to look it over , " Hansen said . A pretrial conference was set for January 12 . The initial charges against AbdulMutallab included attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and willful attempt to destroy and wreck an aircraft within the jurisdiction of the United States . However , the first batch of charges did not include the specific word "  terrorism . " AbdulMutallab entered a not guilty plea in January . In September , AbdulMutallab told Edmunds he did not want to be represented by the public defenders assigned to his case and would like to act as his own lawyer . Edmunds agreed but appointed a standby counsel for him in case he needs help . Asked on Thursday by Edmunds if he still wants to represent himself , a calm AbdulMutallab answered , "  Yes , ma'am , " according to Hansen . The defendant was wearing a khaki-colored prison jumpsuit . He was handcuffed and shackled as he was led into court , but the cuffs and chains were removed before the judge entered . Also in September , AbdulMutallab asked Edmunds how to proceed if he would like to plead guilty to some charges . The judge told him that was something his standby lawyer could assist him with . AbdulMutallab was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route from the Netherlands to Detroit on Christmas Day . According to the indictment , he went to the bathroom shortly before the plane was to land . When he returned to his seat he said his stomach was upset and he pulled a blanket over himself . Prosecutors allege he then tried to ignite an explosive device made of PETN and TATP that was hidden in his underwear . Passengers and flight crew members subdued him . U.S. officials say the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the alleged bombing attempt . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	AbdulMutallab pleads not guilty to new charges New conspiracy and possession charges are filed against AbdulMutallab He is accused of trying to set off an explosive device aboard a plane The incident occurred on a plane coming into Detroit last Christmas
CNN  Rory McIlroy is unquestionably the world 's best golfer after a 2014 in which he soared to the top of the world rankings and charged to two major triumphs . The Northern Irishman 's success has earned him legions of fans around the globe , so we asked our followers on social media to send us their questions for one of the world 's most famous athletes . And they did n't disappoint , quizzing McIlroy on everything from deadly animals to his beloved Manchester United ... Rory McIlroy : "  No you 're consciously thinking of your swing all the time . There 's a certain way I like to see myself swing the club , and I do a lot of technical work on the video with my coach Michael Bannon on off weeks and make sure that we 've got into the right positions for me . So constantly thinking of my swing and I 'm making sure it 's in the right place . " McIlroy : "  I think I 'm most looking forward to playing Royal Country Down in the Irish Open . There 's a lot of great events that are coming up , actually . I 've got the Irish Open at Country Down , the Open Championship at St. Andrews . 2015 is shaping up to be a pretty special year for golf . " Have you played much in Africa ? When will he play in Africa ? Rich Isaac , Facebook McIlroy : "  I 've played a few times in South Africa . I 've played the South African Open a couple of times . I played the Alfred Dunhill Championship once . I played Sun City for two days . I got sick and pulled out after two days . I 'd like to make it down again . It 's a beautiful part of the world and I really enjoyed my time down there , apart from getting sick at Sun City . But hopefully it wo n't be too long before I 'm back down there . " Can you do better than Tiger Woods ? Rory , can you do better than Tiger Woods ? He was a hero in this game . Rugiatu Turay , Facebook McIlroy : "  It 's going to be a very difficult thing to do . Fourteen majors , obviously , which is his benchmark . And 80 odd PGA tour wins and everything else that he 's accomplished . He 's had a phenomenal career . I 'll keep chipping away at it tournament by tournament and see how I go , but I think if you asked anyone if anyone had half of the career that Tiger Woods has -- has had so far -- they 'd be very , very happy . " Did you ever encounter a dangerous animal on the course ? Jordan Du Toit , Facebook McIlroy : "  Yes , there 's been a few . Where we play at the Bear 's Club , there 's a few alligators and snakes floating around . I 've come across a couple of black mambas down there  in South Africa .  And there 's always a couple of snakes . And I think there was maybe a -- is it an adder ? A black otter , they 're pretty dangerous as well . There are alligators in Florida and stuff too . But that 's really been it . " McIlroy : "  George Best . It has to be George Best from back home and one of the best players that ever lived , I think . "	Rory McIlroy is the world 's No. 1 golfer and a three-time major winner The Northern Irishman won two of 2014 's four major titles The 25-year-old turned professional in 2007
CNN  -- Golf returns to Olympics in 2016 after a 112-year hiatus and some of the greatest names in the sport are battling to put their name to the new course on which the event is to be played . 18-time majors winner Jack Nicklaus , South Africa 's Gary Player and Australia 's Greg Norman are well past their playing primes but the three legends are among eight finalists in the running to design the 18-hole course on which the Olympic golf tournament will be played in Rio de Janeiro in four years time . Gary Player Design , Greg Norman Golf Course Design and Nicklaus Design join Hawtree Ltd. , Hanse Golf Design , Renaissance Golf , Robert Trent Jones II and Thomson-Perret Golf Course Architects in the competition to design the course that will be built in the Barra da Tijuca area of Rio , the part of the city that will host the largest number of Olympic venues . The winner was scheduled to be announced by Rio Games organizers Friday . In soliciting bids for the course , Olympic organizers stipulated that it be available as a place for the public to play once the games end . "  After the Games , the course will be managed by a private operator with the chief purpose of promoting golf in Brazil and South America , representing one of the most important Games ' legacies for sport development in the country , " organizers said . For a nation of more than 200 million , Brazil has about 100 golf courses , many of those only nine holes . In contrast , South Carolina has more than four times that many courses with a population that 's just 2 % of Brazil 's . Nicklaus said the Olympic course can build golf in Brazil and across much of the world . "  I think the Olympics is the greatest thing that could happen to golf on an international basis , " the American said in 2010 , because it means governments will support the game by building courses that young people have access to , and some of those young people will turn to golf in search of glory . "  All the other parts of the world , if you look at the kids when they grow up , they do n't know about the Masters or the British Open or the PGA . They know about a gold medal . And the gold medal is the best you can get in a sport , " Nicklaus said . "  We have one chance for golf as an Olympic sport to stay in the Olympics . ... So we 've got to put our best foot forward . We 've got to get the best golf course . " In an interview with the Golf Channel , Norman emphasized the big responsibility taken on by whoever gets the Rio contract . "  Whoever gets the golf course design job , they have to be the spokesperson for golf in the Olympics , because golf is only in for 2016 . It has n't been voted in for 2020 . "  So whoever gets the job has to be beating the drum for the game of golf for the IOC for four years after that . They have to be a staunch proponent of the game of golf , " Norman said . And Norman echoed Nicklaus on the accessibility of the course . "  It has to be a course built for the general public at the end of the day . It ca n't be a private golf club , " Norman said . On his website , Player said he sees the Olympic course as an opportunity to grow the game around the world . "  The Olympics will expose millions of people in non-traditional golf markets to the game , and that is great for the sport , " Player said . "  This facility can , and should be , a catalyst for golf in Brazil long after the Olympic competition is complete . " Whichever group wins the Olympic bid , Norman says , they wo n't be doing it to make money . And that 's true . Organizers will pay $ 300,000 for the course design . Golf was last an Olympic event at the 1904 games in St. Louis , with Canada 's George Lyon winning the gold medal . Golf was also played at the 1900 Games in Paris . There was no women 's competition in golf in those games , but there will be in Rio . When making a pitch to Olympic organizers to include golf for 2016 , a younger LPGA star , Hawaii 's Michelle Wie , emphasized what it could mean to kids . "  For so many boys and girls around the world , their heroes have been Olympic athletes . Until today , I never thought there was any chance that I could share in that dream , " Wie said .	Jack Nicklaus , Greg Norman , Gary Player among eight finalists to design Olympic course Rio Olympic organizers scheduled to award design contract Friday Golf returns for 2016 Games , was last played in 1904 Competition will be for male and female competitors
CNN  -- On Sunday evening , as I was diligently not watching the Super Bowl , the e-mails started arriving : Had I seen that Chrysler commercial of Bob Dylan 's ? Was n't it ridiculous , Dylan selling out to an Italian-owned car company in the most expensive television ad buy of the year ? Because I 've written about Dylan as well as for his official website , friends and occasional strangers contact me from time to time furious about his latest corrupt outrage , proclaiming he has finally destroyed whatever shred of integrity he had left . I heard it in 2011 , when Dylan supposedly sold out by performing a concert in repressive China . I had heard it four years earlier , when he appeared in his first car ad for Cadillac , which just happened to be sponsoring a satellite radio show he was hosting at the time . I heard it three years before when he turned up in his cowboy troubadour duds wandering around a beautiful scantily clad model in a Victoria 's Secret ad . To borrow one of the late Pete Seeger 's lyrics : When will they ever learn ? Dylan has been accused of selling out for 50 years , beginning in 1962 when he signed a recording contract with a big-time label , Columbia Records . Two years later , the left-wing commissars of the folk revival denounced him for writing inward-looking emotional songs instead of "  protest " anthems . Soon thereafter came the rage at his writing for and playing with electric blues and rock musicians , a supposed betrayal of folk purity . And so it has continued , from the sellouts of his going country on "  Nashville Skyline " and later , writing gospel music , to today 's shilling for soft-core porn lingerie and poisonous gas guzzlers . Always , the sanctimonious detractors cling to a bygone Dylan : a skinny , tousled-haired genius in a work shirt singing "  Blowin ' in the Wind " and "  The Times They Are a-Changin . " This , supposedly , is the true Dylan that the actual man has desecrated . In fact , the profane actual Dylan is worse than corrupt : He is the vile betrayer of a revolution in consciousness of which he had once been the avatar . But Dylan renounced that role 50 years ago . Choosing art over politics , he broke free of the moral absolutism of "  protest " music that he mocked in "  My Back Pages " in 1964 : "  Ah , but I was so much older then/I 'm younger than that now . " He rejected the idea of his being the avatar of anything , let alone of a revolution in consciousness . "  It 's never been my duty to remake the world at large , " he sang in "  Wedding Song , " from 1973 , "  nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge . " And so I started to write back to my complaining friends to say that they had totally missed what Dylan has been about for decades -- not a moral or spiritual guide , let alone an exemplar , or a prophet , or a savior , but a working songwriter and musician , doing his job as best he can -- which , astonishingly often , turns out to be sublime -- and making the money he deserves . Then I watched the commercial on YouTube and saw that my riposte was inadequate . For Dylan , breaking free of the folkie left and choosing art over politics never meant renouncing political concerns or themes , any more than turning to rock meant repudiating folk music . Any conception of art as broad as Dylan 's necessarily includes politics , as politics is part of the human endeavor . And the Chrysler ad , while captivating us with Dylan 's very presence , contains a political subtext . Although the ad is dopey as all ads are , and even though it is plainly hawking Chrysler , Dylan never once hypes the virtues of Chrysler 's product over that of any other automobile maker . This may be a cunningly subtle pitch to Dylan 's baby boomer fan base , but it 's also an abnormal nonspecific celebrity endorsement . Instead , Dylan celebrates America as a car-loving country . The ad begins with a clunky , even insipid piece of ad copy -- "  There 's nothing more American than America " -- only barely redeemed by being spoken by Dylan 's singular voice . But then comes a jumble of images out of Dylan 's familiar Americana landscape -- old-fashioned diners , Route 66 in Missouri , bronco busters , carnivals , Marilyn Monroe -- evoking a particular nostalgic national mystique , rooted in the 1940s and 1950s and redolent of Jack Kerouac . Footage of old Detroit follows -- "  Yeah ... , " Dylan says , "  Detroit made cars , and cars made America " -- and then a paean , in prose almost certainly written by Dylan himself , to "  the American road and the creatures who live on it " and to how we Americans "  believe in the zoom and the roar and the thrust . " The ad is saying that America is what its people make and make of it , cars above all , which makes sense -- and which also makes it a workingman 's film : The ad does n't single out Chrysler and its cars but the Americans who build those cars , and their conviction and pride -- "  the heart and soul of every man and woman working on the line , " Dylan intones . "  So let Germany brew your beer , let Switzerland make your watch , let Asia assemble your phone . We ... will build ... your car " -- the last sentence delivered in Dylan 's cool halting cadence . It 's all , of course , a cleverly deceptive way to elide the fact that supposedly all-American Chrysler is now owned by Fiat . But the cars are still American-made -- and for Dylan , that 's important . In one of his early protest songs , "  North Country Blues , " Dylan sang of the mines of his native Minnesota Iron Range being shut down and people left in despair , because for the greedy owners it was "  much cheaper down / in South American towns/where the miners work almost for nothing . " Twenty years later , in "  Union Sundown , " he bitterly lamented what had now become known as outsourcing , including American cars being assembled in Argentina "  by a guy making 30 cents a day . " "  Workingman 's Blues # 2 , " from 2006 , complained of how "  they say low wages are a reality/if we want to compete abroad . " Pro-labor protectionism does not spring to mind as one of the great causes of the 1960s . But for Bob Dylan , a product of the 1940s and 1950s , one article of simple justice has always been that American working people , so vital to his vanishing American landscape , ought not to be victimized by bosses who will happily exploit the pauper labor of the rest of the world . Apparently , Dylan is sold on the idea that , in Detroit anyway , that injustice has been halted and even reversed . And that , he wants us to know , is a good reason , and maybe the best , to buy one of Chrysler 's cars . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sean Wilentz .	Sean Wilentz : People outraged by Bob Dylan 's Chrysler ad , saying he has no credibility Wilentz : But Dylan accused of selling out for 50 years , for musical changes and ads He says everybody wants the skinny genius in a work shirt singing "  Blowin ' in the Wind " Wilentz : Dylan 's promoted American workers for years , and that 's what his ad does
CNN  "  Beauty " has found its Beast . The new live-action "  Beauty and the Beast , " which cast Emma Watson as Belle , will also star "  Downton Abbey 's " Dan Stevens as the Beast . Watson herself welcomed her co-star on board after the news was reported in the Hollywood Reporter . The animated Disney character was voiced by Robby Benson in the 1991 film . The film , to be directed by Bill Condon  "  Gods and Monsters , " the final two "  Twilight " films  , also named its Gaston , the conniving lout who pursues Belle , though she resists his advances . He 'll be played by Luke Evans , a musical theater veteran who starred as Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson 's "  Hobbit " films . After Watson tweeted her congratulations , Evans immediately responded with a side-by-side set of photos of him and the animated character . The resemblance was striking . Now , if only Disney will cast Lumiere , Mrs. Potts , Cogsworth and the rest , we 'll have a real movie on our hands . No release date for "  Beauty and the Beast " has been announced , and filming has yet to begin .	Dan Stevens of "  Downton Abbey " is to play the Beast Luke Evans is cast as Gaston in the live-action film Emma Watson is playing Belle
CNN  -- A former leader of Mexico 's Tijuana drug cartel was sentenced Monday in the United States to 25 years in prison and ordered to forfeit $ 100 million after pleading guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money , officials said . Benjamin Arellano Felix pleaded guilty to the charges in January in U.S. federal court in San Diego . "  Today 's sentencing marks the end of Mr. Arellano-Felix 's reign as the leader of one of the most dangerous drug and organized crime organizations our agencies have ever investigated , " San Diego FBI Acting Special Agent in Charge Eric Birnbaum said in a statement . U.S. , Mexico , Canada discuss ways to fight drug cartels Arellano Felix was one of seven brothers who ran the cartel , also known as the Arellano Felix Organization , until he and the majority of the leadership were arrested . During its peak in the 1990s and early 2000s , the cartel controlled the flow of cocaine , marijuana and other drugs into the United States through Tijuana and Mexicali . "  I was disappointed , " Nicholas De Pento , an attorney representing Arellano Felix , said about Monday 's sentencing . "  We have to look at our options , but the plea agreement that I took over has a waiver of appeal ... my hands are sort of tied . " De Pento said he was brought into the case less than two weeks ago . Gunmen kill five police officers in Ciudad Juarez In addition to trafficking drugs , the cartel under Arellano Felix 's leadership ran a network known for bribes , spies and killings , according to the Mexican attorney general 's office . He was considered the brains and accountant for the organization , the agency said . Arellano Felix has been convicted of organized crime activities in Mexico and served nine years there before being brought to the United States last year . He was arrested in 2002 in the state of Puebla . Extradition processes against him began in 2007 . "  Today 's prison sentence virtually ensures that Arellano-Felix will spend the remainder of his life in custody . Following this sentence , he will be deported to Mexico to finish a 22-year sentence . This is a fitting end for a person who has caused so much suffering and destruction , " said U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Benjamin Arellano Felix also is ordered to forfeit $ 100 million He pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money Arellano Felix is the former leader of the Tijuana drug cartel His lawyer says the sentencing is a disappointment
CNN  -- As Mayor Michael Bloomberg vowed would happen , the New York City Law Department has filed an appeal after a New York judge scrapped the city 's controversial ban on big containers of soda . "  Consistent with our desire to get a quick appellate review , the city filed its brief with the appeals court this week , " said Fay Ng , senior counsel for the department 's appeals division , in a written statement . "  The sugary drinks proposal is an important part of the mayor 's health initiative . " The Board of Health regulation would limit the size of drinking cups for sugary beverages to a maximum of 16 ounces at city food service establishments . The regulation was adopted in September to help lower obesity rates , but a state Supreme Court judge overturned it as "  arbitrary and capricious . " Dozens of community groups and minority organizations signed on to friend-of-the-court , or amicus , briefs in support of the appeal , said Bloomberg , Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services Linda I. Gibbs and Health Commissioner Thomas A. Farley , in a news release . Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide "  The organizations and individuals who have joined these amicus briefs understand the toll that obesity is taking on communities here in New York City and across the nation , " Bloomberg said . "  Sugary drinks are a leading contributor to the obesity epidemic that is hitting low-income communities especially hard , and we can not afford to pretend otherwise . Our plan to limit the portion size of sugary drinks is a sensible step that has won increasing levels of support from the public health community . " The city says that obesity-related illness kills more than 5,000 New Yorkers each year . "  The health consequences of obesity are dire , leading to diabetes , cancer and loss of life , " Gibbs said . "  The real fear that today 's youth may be the first generation to live shorter lives than their parents is a call to action . " One of the friend-of-the-court briefs , which were to be filed Friday , focuses on evidence showing a correlation between sugary drink consumption and obesity and chronic diseases , along with their disproportionate impact on underserved communities , the news release said . Some 20 % of New York City public school children are obese and another 20 % are overweight , according to the city . Latino children are twice as likely as white children to be obese  23.5 % vs. 12.3 %  . "  It 's time to say enough !  Â ¡ basta !  and put community and children 's health first , " said Dr. Jane L. Delgado , president and CEO of the National Alliance for Hispanic Health . ` Anti-Bloomberg ' bill stops overregulation The limitations on cup size have provoked ridicule from some people . "  I think this is what makes liberals look like elitist bullies who think they know everything and can tell people what to do , " Bill Maher said on his HBO show "  Real Time . " "  You should n't have to clear what you eat with the municipal government . " An executive with the National Restaurant Association -- which represents 500,000 restaurant businesses across the country -- called the city 's efforts at change "  heavy-handed " and was effervescent over Bloomberg 's most recent loss in court . "  We very much questioned the efficacy of putting a dent in obesity by restricting the cup size in restaurants in New York City that sold sugar-sweetened beverages , " said Scott DeFife , the association 's executive vice president for policy and governmental affairs , in an interview this month . "  We do n't think that micromanaging food service packaging is the way to end obesity in New York City . " Bloomberg 's attempt to limit the size of sodas inspired Mississippi -- whose 34.9 % obesity rate is the nation 's highest -- to pass an "  anti-Bloomberg " law . "  It simply is not the role of the government to micro-regulate citizens ' dietary decisions , " Gov. Phil Bryant wrote this month . But Bloomberg has been undeterred . " ` Saturday Night Live ' could n't write this stuff , " he said recently about Mississippi 's move . "  We have a worldwide , nationwide problem on obesity . This year , more people will die from overeating than from starvation -- first time in the history of the world . " "  How can somebody try to pass a law that deliberately says we ca n't improve the lives of our citizens ? " he asked . "  It 's farce . " Arguments are scheduled for June . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	The mayor 's bill would cap soda cup size at 16 ounces in food-service establishments "  Sugary drinks are a leading contributor to the obesity epidemic , " Bloomberg says The proposal falls flat with the National Restaurant Association
T+L  -- When Sekani gave birth to Adelina , she celebrated like most proud mothers , with a baby shower , a gift registry , and a Facebook page for showing off photos of the adorable girl . Except that Sekani and Adelina are western lowland gorillas who live at the Little Rock Zoo . More than 800,000 animals live at U.S. facilities accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums , and every year , thousands of those animals have babies . We 've scoured the country to select the class of 2012 : cute animals like Adelina that were born recently and to much fanfare . Because let 's face it : zoo babies are innately irresistible . Just try not to smile while looking at a baby panda . "  Scientists believe humans are programmed to find baby animals cute because they remind us of our own young , " says Chris Eastland , co-founder of ZooBorns.com , a website that obsessively chronicles baby zoo animals , and co-author of "  ZooBorns : The Next Generation . " T+L : World 's most visited museums The first gut reaction is to squeal and ogle at these adorable critters , who quickly reveal their own personalities and habits . But it 's worth paying closer attention , too , as many have fascinating backstories . Read on for more heartwarming stories and photos of newborn animals at zoos near you . Lulu , Masai Giraffe , Cincinnati Zoo Lulu was a social media star before she was even born . As her mother , five-year-old Tessa , delivered her in October 2012 , every detail was live-tweeted on Twitter with a #giraffebirth hash tag that quickly went viral . At 8:27 a.m. , followers learned that the 150-pound calf was out . At 9:14 a.m. , they found out that she stood up for the first time . And at 9:44 a.m. , they heard that she was nursing . Those who want to glimpse Lulu and Tessa "  IRL "  that 's "  in real life "  can visit mom and baby at the Giraffe Ridge exhibit . Xiao Liwu , Giant Panda , San Diego Zoo Xiao Liwu is the sixth giant panda cub to be born at the San Diego Zoo from mama bear Bai Yun . His name means "  little gift "  cue the "  awws " !  and was selected by thousands of fans who participated in an online vote . These days , you can catch Xiao Liwu toddling around the Panda Trek habitat as he learns to walk . T+L : America 's least and most attractive people Kito , Grévy 's Zebra , Lincoln Park Zoo , Chicago Kito means "  jewel " in Swahili , and this adorable zebra colt is certainly a prized animal at Chicago 's Lincoln Park Zoo . The energetic , long-legged youngster lives with his mom , Adia , and spends his days prancing around his yard in the Antelope & Zebra Area . Gat and Lita , Cheetahs , Smithsonian National Zoological Park , Washington , D.C. Gat and Lita came into the world , this spring , under harrowing circumstances . Their mother , Ally , 5 , birthed Gat , then underwent a cesarean section to deliver three more cubs , but only one , Lita , survived . Mom and the two cubs spent several days afterwards in intensive care and have since fully recovered -- and bonded . Cheetahs are the fastest land animals , and because they were born in an Olympics year , the cubs were named after the speediest American man and woman at the London Games . "  Gat the Cat " takes his name from Justin Gatlin , who won bronze in the men 's 100-meter sprint , and "  Lita the Cheetah " was named after Carmelita Jeter , who won silver in the women 's 100 meters . Bexley , Matschie 's Tree Kangaroo , Saint Louis Zoo Though he was born in early 2012 , Bexley , a Matschie 's tree kangaroo , only recently started venturing from his mother 's pouch to walk around and explore . As he gets bigger , the furry marsupial will be able to jump great distances , too -- tree kangaroos , native to Papua New Guinea , can leap as much as 30 feet , from a treetop to the ground . Amur Tigers , Columbus Zoo , Ohio Mara , 5 , and Foli , 9 , became the parents of two male cubs in June 2012 . They weighed just two to three pounds apiece and were placed into intensive care when one did not nurse for a dangerously long time . Luckily , the two youngsters are now healthy and living together in their habitat . The orange-and-black-striped cuties are still waiting on their names  the rights to name them were recently auctioned off at a zoo fundraiser  , but in the meantime , they 're happy to pass their days eating , dozing , and exploring their surroundings . Southern Hairy-Nosed Wombat , Brookfield Zoo , Illinois This little one emerged from her mom 's pouch so recently that , as of November 2012 , she has yet to receive a name . The Brookfield Zoo 's female wombat is the fourth child of 12-year-old Kambora , who was born at the San Diego Zoo , and the second of Wilbur , 20 , from Australia , the native country of wombats . This rambunctious baby lives at the Brookfield Zoo 's Australia House and likes staying close to mom -- sometimes even clambering onto her back . T+L : The world 's strangest animals Qinisa , Elephant , San Diego Zoo Safari Park This playful elephant calf is hitting developmental milestones faster than any other pachyderm at San Diego Safari Park ; at one week old , she was already using her trunk to pick up objects . Maybe it was only natural for a baby whose name means "  to act with determination " in Siswati . Qinisa 's mom , Swazi , was one of four elephants who were rescued from a game park in Swaziland in 2003 . Karoo , Black-Footed Cat , Brookfield Zoo , Illinois Love cats ? Then you 'll swoon for Karoo , the Brookfield Zoo 's big-eyed black-footed cat . The species is the smallest of all the African felines ; grown black-footed cats are about half the size of your average domestic tabby . Like most felines , Karoo spends lots of time catnapping , but when he 's awake , he 's up and about and curious about his human guests . Adelina , Western Lowland Gorilla , Little Rock Zoo , Arkansas One could say that Adelina is Arkansas 's most popular primate . After she was born from mom Sekani , 21 , and dad Fossey , 26 , the western lowland gorilla received her very own baby shower , complete with a Target registry that allowed zoogoers to buy her gifts , such as blankets and dried fruit . Adelina also has her own Facebook page , where fans can keep up with her whereabouts . View the rest of the gallery Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Playful baby animals are popular at U.S. zoos -- and online Much fanfare often accompanies the birth of zoo animals The tiny creatures are cute by design , says Chris Eastland of ZooBorns.com
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi political leaders were unable to meet a self-imposed deadline this weekend to decide whether to request U.S. troops stay beyond a planned end-of-the-year withdrawal , lawmakers told CNN . The deadline imposed by President Jalal Talabani passed over the weekend with lawmakers divided over how or even whether to request an extension , raising questions about when Iraq may ask and whether it will be too late to turn around withdrawing troops . "  The country is almost paralyzed because of this decision whether Iraq will decide to keep some American troops after 2011 or not , " said Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman , a close political ally of Talabani . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said months ago that the White House would need to know Iraq 's decision by August . Talabani 's office declined a CNN request for comment . Al-Maliki 's office referred questions to Talabani . During the meeting at Talabani 's Baghdad office , the representatives said they needed more time to consult party members , Othman said . He was briefed on the outcome of the meeting by his party , the Kurdish bloc . But an official in the office of Sunni Vice President Taha al-Hashami told CNN political leaders decided to postpone the meeting "  until further notice " because there are still disagreements over a possible request to extend the stay of U.S. troops . The disagreement extends beyond the closed door meeting . Shiite lawmaker Hassan al-Sineid told Iraqiya state TV Sunday that U.S. troops should leave as planned . "  Let me tell you something , whether the Iraqi army is able or unable to protect Iraq 's borders from external aggression , we should n't agree to keep some American troops after 2011 , " said al-Sineid , a member of al-Maliki 's political party . Radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , whose Sadrist political party is closely aligned with al-Maliki , has vowed to escalate armed resistance if the U.S. military does not leave as scheduled , a move that could destabilize the country should the Mehdi Army repeat the bloody battles it waged against American and Iraqi forces during the height of violence . The Kurdish party , which represents Iraq 's Kurdish territory , is pushing to keep U.S. troops , saying it wants some American troops to stay "  for the benefit of the two countries . " On the streets of Baghdad , Iraqis appeared as divided as their political representatives . "  I do n't want to see American troops after 2011 , " said 33-year-old Qassim al-Shammari , a businessman . He challenged Iraqi lawmakers to broadcast a meeting and make public their decision . But Habeeb Forqan , a 25-year-old government employee , said he wanted U.S. troops to stay for another few years "  until the Iraqi army is ready to protect the country . " "  Every few weeks the Iraqi politicians give a new deadline to make a decision . It is a joke , " he said . "  This issue affects our lives , it affects our future . They should decide quickly . " The failed weekend meeting comes nearly two weeks after newly appointed U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta urged Iraq 's government to make a decision during a trip to Baghdad . A U.S.-Iraqi security pact signed in 2008 requires U.S. troops to leave the country by the end of the year . While the U.S. military says it is not aware of any deadline imposed by either the Iraq or U.S. governments , it has pushed the Iraqis for a decision . "  We have consistently said it becomes less feasible to support a new request once we begin reposturing our troops and as we continue transitioning bases and redeploying our equipment , " Army Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan , the top U.S. military spokesman in Iraq , told CNN in an e-mail interview Sunday . The decision about whether to grant any request to extend the stay of U.S. troops in Iraq beyond Jan. 1 , 2012 , will be made by President Barack Obama . The debate comes amid an increase in attacks against the roughly 46,000 American troops still in Iraq . Fourteen U.S. soldiers were killed in combat-related incidents in June , the largest loss of life among American troops since 2008 , according to CNN figures . There also has been a spike in the number of attacks against civilians and Iraqi security forces , with more than 270 people killed in June , authorities said . The U.S. military has said the Shiite-militias -- Kataib Hezbollah , Asaib al Haq , and the Promise Day Brigade -- are using the bombings to try to take credit for driving American forces out of the country . Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad and Carter from Atlanta .	Iraqi political leaders are debating whether to ask U.S. troops to extend their stay Official : "  The country is almost paralyzed because of this decision " Iraqi lawmakers are split about whether to keep American troops The U.S. military says it becomes less feasible to respond to a request as time goes on
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Former Chicago gang member Jose Padilla was found guilty Thursday of supporting Islamic terrorism overseas . Jose Padilla was originally accused of planning a "  dirty bomb " attack in the United States . Co-defendants Adham Hassoun and Kifan Jayyousi were also found guilty of the three counts charged : conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim people in a foreign country ; conspiracy to provide material support for terrorists ; and providing material support for terrorists . Padilla was originally arrested on accusations that he planned to set off radioactive "  dirty bombs " in the United States . Thursday 's convictions are not related to those accusations , and prosecutors did not present the "  dirty bomb " plot to the jury . A federal court jury in Miami deliberated for just under two days before handing down the verdict . Jurors declined to speak to the media . "  They 've had enough , " said court clerk Ivan Marchena . Watch latest news of Padilla verdict from CNN 's Susan Candiotti " All three defendants face life in prison when they are sentenced on December 5 . Attorney General Alberto Gonzales -- who is on vacation this week -- issued a statement saying , "  The conviction of Jose Padilla -- an American who provided material support to terrorists and trained for violent jihad -- is a significant victory in our efforts to fight the threat posed by terrorists and their supporters . " Padilla received a "  fair trial and a just verdict , " the White House said in a statement . "  We commend the jury for its work in this trial and thank it for upholding a core American principle of impartial justice for all , " the statement said . Defense attorneys argued at trial that Padilla went overseas only to study Islam . Padilla 's mother , Estela Lebron , told CNN her son will appeal the verdict . "  I 'm not surprised by anything in this place anymore , " she said . "  This is a Republican city . " Lebron blamed President Bush for the outcome of the trial and said there was not enough evidence in the case to convict her son . Attorneys for the other defendants also vowed to appeal , saying they were "  stunned " by the decision . "  An innocent man was wrongly convicted today and we 're going to do what we can to clear his name , " said William Swor , the attorney for Jayyousi . "  We 're all stunned ... because Dr. Jayyousi is innocent , because there was no evidence presented except pieces of conversations spun from another language that have so many different meanings . "  We 're going to fight to get him released , " he added . Padilla attorney Anthony Natale declined to comment on the outcome . The verdict is a "  critical vindication " for the U.S. Department of Justice and its post-9 / 11 strategy for prosecuting terrorism cases , said Kendall Coffey , former U.S. attorney in Miami who comments on legal matters for CNN . "  I think this is huge for DOJ , " he said , "  given the case 's background of controversy and the government 's mixed results in other  terror  trials . " He said the verdict also raises questions about whether military tribunals are necessary . "  Critics of the post-9 / 11 war on terrorism can point to this and say you do n't need military tribunals , you can get the job done with civilian trials , " Coffey said . During the trial , prosecutors played more than 70 intercepted phone calls among the defendants for jurors , including seven that featured Padilla , 36 . He is a Brooklyn-born convert to Islam . FBI agent John Kavanaugh testified that the calls were made in code , which Padilla used to discuss traveling overseas to fight with Islamic militants , along with side trips to Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan . In closing arguments , Padilla 's lawyers argued he never spoke in code . His voice is heard on only seven of 300,000 taped conversations . They also tried to rebut a key piece of prosecution evidence -- an al Qaeda terrorist training camp application or "  mujahedeen data form . " A covert CIA officer -- who testified in disguise at Padilla 's trial -- said he was given the form in Afghanistan , and a fingerprint expert found Padilla 's prints on the form , prosecutors said . "  The al Qaeda application virtually sealed his fate , " said Jonathan Turley , a professor at George Washington University Law School . He compared the document 's value as evidence to "  putting a duffle bag with severed heads on the table . " But Michael Caruso , Padilla 's defense attorney , said the prints on the form were not consistent with someone who filled out the document . "  Jose at some point handled the document , but did not fill out the form , " Caruso said . Just as prosecutors did not present the dirty bomb plot to the jury , neither were jurors told that Padilla was held in a Navy brig for 3 1/2 years without charges before his indictment in the Miami case . Turley said the case was troubling because it appears Padilla was kept in the brig in violation of his rights , for no legitimate reason . "  The evidence changed very little in the 3 1/2 years Padilla was held without charges or access to a lawyer as an ` enemy combatant , ' " he said . Before trial , his lawyers tried to argue that he was no longer mentally competent to stand trial after years of solitary confinement and abuse -- allegations the government strongly denied . Padilla was taken into custody in Chicago as he stepped off a flight from Pakistan in 2002 , and Bush declared him an "  enemy combatant " and had him transferred to military custody . He was never charged as an "  enemy combatant " and was eventually transferred from military to civilian custody where he was finally charged . The Supreme Court ducked the chance to rule on the legality of Padilla 's military detention in 2006 , arguing that the issue was moot after his transfer to civilian custody for the Miami trial . E-mail to a friend	Federal jury convicts U.S.-born Jose Padilla of supporting Islamic terrorism Prints on "  mujahedeen data form " key piece of government evidence Defense says Padilla traveled overseas only to study Islam Padilla originally accused in "  dirty bomb " case that never went to court
CNN  Residents of central Sanaa , the Yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : Detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors . And fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . The Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen 's Defense Ministry Central Command in the capital over the weekend , senior Yemeni officials said . Under the rain of coalition bombs , the Houthis , who are Shiites in a majority Sunni country , still control Sanaa . But the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure . The electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas , the Yemeni officials said . Many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . Yemen 's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes . He fired his former Army chief of staff , Hussein Khairan , on Sunday . The firing had no practical effect , since Khairan had switched sides weeks ago and is the Houthi rebels ' acting defense minister . Hadi is holed up in Saudi Arabia , which is working to defeat his enemies and reinstall him . Fighting has ended dozens of lives each day . On Monday , more than 50 people died in the port city of Aden alone , where Houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to Hadi on the ground , Agence France-Press reported . Since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago , some 600 people are estimated to have been killed . Many more have been wounded , and tens of thousands have fled the country . The International Committee of the Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in . "  Otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . For the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , " said Robert Mardini , the ICRC 's head of operations in the Near and Middle East . "  Medical supplies need to be here yesterday , " said ICRC spokeswoman Marie-Claire Feghali from Sanaa . "  We need to save the lives that can be saved . " Saudi Arabia signed off on letting the ICRC into Yemen via two aircraft -- one with medical supplies , the other with workers . But flying in will be hard , since most airlines have canceled their flights , and airstrikes have taken out many airfields . On Monday , the flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in Djibouti , Feghali said . The ICRC is hoping to fly out in a day or two . Following the ICRC 's call , on Saturday the U.N. Security Council discussed the humanitarian situation at Russia 's behest . Moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition . The meeting adjourned with no decision announced . One diplomat said the draft was missing key elements . It did n't call for the Houthis to stop fighting or for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Hadi from power . The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January . But Hadi escaped in February , fled to Aden and declared himself to still be president . Houthis and their allies , including those loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , then fought Hadi 's forces in the Aden area . Hadi fled Aden in late March , ultimately for Saudi Arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia , a predominately Sunni nation and Yemen 's northern neighbor , and other Arab nations to intervene with force . The Houthis are allied with Iran , Saudi Arabia 's bitter rival across the Persian Gulf , and Riyadh does not want an proxy of Iran in power on its border . Complicating matters in Yemen is the fact that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- not the Houthis or the forces loyal to Hadi -- holds sway in the country 's east . AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . It has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city and break prisoners out of jail . Hadi 's government had cooperated with the United States to fight AQAP , but with the Houthi takeover , that arrangement has evaporated , and the terror group operates generally unchecked .	Bombing of targets in central Sanaa smashes residents ' windows and doors Hundreds killed in less than two weeks ; humanitarian situation desperate , agencies say
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Stephen Plumlee started feeling dizzy and nauseated shortly after his flight from Sarasota , Florida , landed in Atlanta , Georgia . He was wheeled off the plane by paramedics , but instead of being taken to a hospital emergency room downtown , he was treated in the atrium of the busiest airport in the world . The AeroClinic joins a growing field of easy-access medical facilities found in pharmacies and retail outlets . The AeroClinic , a new retail medical facility , offers quick , inexpensive care to travelers and some of the airport 's 55,000 employees . "  We 're kind of the stop in between the hospital during your travels , " said Dr. Dominic Mack , chief medical officer for the clinic . The AeroClinic joins a growing field of easy-access medical facilities found in pharmacies and retail outlets around the country . You could say it falls somewhere between the newer , small clinics and the larger full-service after-hours clinics that have been around for many years . For about $ 80 , a patient can be treated by a doctor or physician assistant for a minor acute illness such as strep throat , upset stomach or headache . That was the reason behind Derrick Gross ' visit . The medical sales representative lives in Atlanta , but travels at least three days a week . He says he 's too busy to see a regular doctor , and when he saw the sign while passing through the airport , he decided to make an appointment . Gross spent about 20 minutes with physician assistant Sabrina Jackson going through a battery of tests to try to determine the source of his headaches . Health Minute : Airport clinic gives travelers a health-care alternative " . He received a supply of ibuprofen when the tests revealed no obvious medical problems . "  I took a chance by coming here today and I 'm satisfied , " Gross said . He agreed to follow up with his primary care physician . Mack said he treats a lot of patients like Gross . "  You have 250,000 passengers who come through Atlanta Hartsfield every day , and people are sick . What they do is delay their care or they do n't get their care at all . " Dr. David Satcher , former U.S. surgeon general and frequent flier , sees the need first hand . "  I 've traveled almost 40,000 miles in the last month and I know there are a lot of people who spend time in airports and a lot of people do n't get the care they need , " he said . As a member of the American Academy of Family Physicians , Satcher believes the concept of a quick-care health facility inside an airport is a good one so long as patients continue to have contact with a primary care physician at home . He serves on the board of directors for The AeroClinic and is one of the privately held company 's original investors . He wants potential patients to understand the restrictions of a facility such as The AeroClinic . "  This is not the place to go when you 're having chest pains . ...  But  obviously , if you have a minor illness this is an opportunity to seek care while you 're traveling and not have to wait until you get back home . " The clinic 's 12 staffers also offer preventive care including physical exams , routine vaccinations and monitoring of chronic diseases . The facility accepts some insurance coverage . In the fall , The AeroClinic , will open a second facility in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , airport . The staff plans to offer flu shots at mobile kiosks in the airport concourses . For now , travelers must go out of the airport security zone to reach the facility . Stephen Plumlee did n't mind the inconvenience . "  I was so out of it , I did n't know what was happening . But everyone has been very helpful . " After he rested for a couple of hours and recovered from the nausea , an imbalance in his inner ear was diagnosed . He was given medication to help him cope with the flight home and sent on his way . "  This has been good , " concluded Plumlee . "  It 's been fine to be able to do it in the airport , not have to go to some other part of the city and find my way back . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	New retail medical facility offers care to Atlanta airport travelers , employees Treatment available for minor acute illnesses such as strep throat , headache Physical exams , vaccinations , monitoring of chronic diseases also offered
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Control tower tapes reveal that the pilot of presidential hopeful Barack Obama 's plane told air traffic controllers there was an emergency when he made an unscheduled landing last month in St. Louis , Missouri . Barack Obama 's plane had to make an unscheduled landing on July 7 in St. Louis , Missouri . On July 7 the Midwest Airlines MD-81 made an unscheduled landing during the flight from Chicago , Illinois , to Charlotte , North Carolina . The owner of the plane initially said the landing was not caused by an emergency . However the tapes , released to ABC News through a Freedom of Information Act request , contradict that report . ABC first reported on the tapes on Thursday . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Laura Brown told CNN Thursday evening that preliminary information for incidents is often incomplete or incorrect . Watch what the tapes revealed " According to the tapes , the pilot told an FAA air traffic controller that he had limited ability to move the plane 's nose up and down . "  We have limited pitch authority at flight levels ; we 're descending to see if we can regain pitch authority , " the pilot told the air traffic controller . "  At this time we would like to declare this an emergency and also have CFR  fire and rescue equipment  standing by in St. Louis , " the pilot said . The pilot remained calm throughout the recording . Midwest Airlines acknowledged at the time that the pilot had detected a control problem in the pitch of the plane after an emergency evacuation chute opened in the aircraft 's tail cone while in flight . Normally , the chute deploys only after landing and after the tail cone pops off . The pitch , or angle of the nose of an airplane , affects the pilot 's ability to control the plane . The airline said the pilot had "  full authority of the aircraft . " According to the tapes , the pilot said he regained control as the plane began to descend into St. Louis . "  We had a pitch authority problem , now that we have come down to a lower altitude it seems to have rectified itself . We do have pitch control of the aircraft at this time , " he said . Fire trucks met the aircraft when it landed at Lambert-St . Louis International Airport . After the plane landed , Obama told reporters the plane landed because of a mechanical problem and noted it marked the first time he had had to do so . "  Just thought we 'd spice things up a little bit today , " he joked . "  Anytime a pilot says that something 's not working the way its supposed to , then , you know , you make sure you tighten your seat belt . Everything seemed under control , the pilots knew what they were doing . " The National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the incident , said last month that there was no evidence of tampering . An "  examination of the hardware did not reveal any evidence of missing components , nor any evidence of tampering , " the board said . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	On tape pilot says he has limited ability to move plane 's nose up and down ABC obtained audio tape in Freedom of Information Act request When incident occurred , officials had said it was not an emergency Pilot says on tape he was able to regain control during descent into St. Louis
CNN  -- Clinging to Scotland 's rugged east coast is a golf course so tough it once reduced Sergio Garcia to tears . Just imagine what it could do to a hopeless weekend hacker . Aspiring basketball players may struggle to ever play at Madison Square Gardens , but one of the world 's most historic golf courses is open to all comers . Ben Hogan , Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods have walked its fairways . And so have I. That 's the beauty of golf ; you do n't have to imagine . If you 've got $ 220 spare you can take your clubs to Carnoustie and discover firsthand why the locals call it "  Carnasty . " "  We get golfers of all abilities , from pros to relative beginners , " said Rod Soutar , who 's been a caddy at Carnoustie for 30 years . "  You just hope they can relax and enjoy it . " This relative beginner was far from relaxed as I stood before the packed clubhouse terrace , preparing for the most terrifying tee shot of my life . "  Watch out for the thick rough on the right , the out of bounds to the left and the bunkers up ahead , " said my caddy with no hint of irony . She did n't mention that there were also a hundred or so people standing by ready to burst into laughter if the predicted shank ensued . "  It 's all about having realistic expectations , " said Souter , who caddied for Tiger Woods at the 1996 Scottish Open . "  The problem a lot of golfers have is they want to go home and tell their friends ' I shot a 69 at Carnoustie , ' but it 's not going to happen . "  I 've had golfers throwing clubs in frustration -- and even heard of people walking off the course in the middle of a round . They want to play to their handicap , but they do n't realize how much more difficult that is here . " Carnoustie has hosted seven British Opens and is regularly ranked the most difficult golf course on the planet . In 1999 conditions were so tough a 19-year-old Garcia had to be comforted by his mother after shooting an 89 . But that does n't put off the thousands of golfing tourists who make the pilgrimage every year . "  Amateur golfers want to play famous courses like Carnoustie and St. Andrews whatever the weather , " said Scott Hart , who owns tour operator Golf Scotland . "  They know to expect a tough time on the links courses , but they 're prepared for it . And they must be enjoying it , because they keep coming back . We 've never had an unsatisfied customer . " My round started with a double-bogey six , which my caddy tactfully told me was still one better than Garcia managed in 1999 . But that was where the rain started and the comparison ended . Zig-zagging the fairways and finding almost every pot bunker on the course , I got the full "  Carnasty " experience . My poor caddy was put through quite an ordeal , but as it turns out it could have been worse . "  I once had a guy turn up on a corporate day who 'd never hit a ball in his life , " Soutar said . "  He was wearing Caterpillar work boots and he really hacked it up the first . I think he scored 160-odd in the end , and that was without me calling any of the penalties on him . "  Caddies actually enjoy that kind of thing . We have a warped sense of humor and we like to see who can caddy the worst score . The all-time record is something like 180 I think . " My Carnoustie experience culminated in a sunset walk down the last , the scene of Jean van de Velde 's infamous implosion at the 1999 British Open , where the likes of Hogan , Tom Watson , Gary Player and Padraig Harrington lifted the iconic Claret Jug . Suddenly a torrid day on the golf course made perfect sense . When a weekend hacker gets the chance to walk in the footsteps of golfing legend it really does n't matter what your card looks like  for the record this 20 handicapper hit 108  . If it does , you 're in for a miserable time . "  Some golfers beat themselves up when they should be relaxing and enjoying it , " Soutar said . "  But at least they do n't take it out on the caddies . "	Carnoustie 's Championship Course was named the most difficult in the world by Time magazine The Scottish links has hosted the British Open seven times , most recently in 2007 The course is open to the paying public , with a one-off green fee priced at $ 220 Officially players need a handicap certificate to play , but the rule is often relaxed
CNN  -- Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah offered his resignation nearly three weeks after he accepted the job , two Palestinian government sources said Thursday . It 's not clear whether Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will accept the resignation . Sources said Hamdallah made the because of interference by Abbas with the prime minister 's duties . Abbas named Hamdallah , president of a West Bank university , as his new prime minister on June 2 and asked him to form a new Cabinet . Hamdallah replaced Salam Fayyad , who had led a caretaker government since Abbas accepted his resignation in April . Fayyad 's decision to step down was viewed as a step toward the possible establishment of a unity government between the two main Palestinian factions , Fatah and Hamas . Hamdallah is a British-educated linguist and longtime academic . He became president of An-Najah National University in the West Bank city of Nablus in 1998 and was finalizing his departure from the post after he accepted the prime minister 's job .	NEW : Sources say the prime minister is upset because of interference by Mahmoud Abbas It is not clear whether Rami Hamdallah 's resignation will be accepted He was named prime minister June 2 by Abbas , the Palestinian authority president
CNN  -- A band of insurgents dressed in U.S. Army uniforms waged a deadly assault on U.S.-British military complex in Afghanistan before being beaten back by coalition forces , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Saturday . Two U.S. Marines and 14 insurgents died in the "  sustained " fighting during the Friday-night attack , ISAF said . The Taliban claimed responsibility , saying the strike was in response to the anti-Islam film stoking anger across the Muslim world . ISAF said the attack started just after 10 p.m. Friday when about 15 insurgents -- organized into three teams -- waged an assault on the airfield of a complex that includes American-run Camp Leatherneck and the British-run Camp Bastion , where British royal Prince Harry is stationed . Wearing U.S. army uniforms , the attackers toted automatic rifles , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and suicide vests . One of their teams was able to breach the perimeter fence , at one point , according to ISAF . The insurgents inflicted considerable damage around the base , including destroying six AV-8B Harrier jets and damaging two others . Six aircraft hangers suffered damage , while six refueling stations were destroyed . The violence ended after coalition troops killed all but one of the attackers . The lone survivor was wounded and taken into custody , ISAF said . Eight coalition military personnel and one civilian contractor were also wounded . An ISAF statement detailing the attack gave no indication how the insurgents might have obtained U.S. Army uniforms . Earlier Saturday , ISAF said the camp is secure and the strike would not "  impact " air and ground operations . Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. side of the base , was not affected by the attack , Maj. Adam N. Wojack , an ISAF spokesman , told CNN . White House says Karzai , Obama committed to preventing Afghan riots The assault occurred amid anger over the film denigrating the Prophet Mohammed . Angry protests tied to the film , a trailer of which was posted online on YouTube in July but only gained widespread attention this month , have occurred in recent days at American and other Western diplomatic missions across the Muslim world . Still , despite such protests and the Taliban claim tying the attack to the film , ISAF spokesman Maj. Martin Crighton said there had no organized demonstrations outside its gates before the attack . A week ago Friday , Prince Harry arrived in Afghanistan for a tour as an Apache helicopter pilot in the British military , Defense Ministry said . He is deployed at Camp Bastion with the 100-strong 662 Squadron , 3 Regiment Army Air Corps . Harry , the grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and third in line to the British throne , is a captain in Britain 's Army Air Corps . The prince "  was in no way in any danger " during the latest attack , Crighton said . Violence has been rife in Helmand and other parts of southern Afghanistan , which is considered the Taliban heartland , since a U.S.-led force first went into the country after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Separately , the British Defense Ministry on Saturday announced the deaths of two members of the 3rd Battalion of that nation 's army in Helmand province . A man wearing an Afghan police uniform fatally shot the two soldiers at a checkpoint in the south of the province 's Nahr-e Saraj district , Maj. Laurence Roche , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , said in a statement released by the British defense ministry . This is the latest so-called insider or green-on-blue attack in which members of Afghan security forces are suspected of turning their weapons on coalition or Afghan soldiers . It was not immediately known where the incident occurred and where the slain service members were from . Another British soldier died Saturday in a separate incident in Nahr-e Saraj , according to the UK defense ministry . This troop was killed when the vehicle in which he was traveling in struck a bomb . CNN 's Jessica King and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : 14 of 15 insurgents who attacked a coalition base were killed , ISAF says NEW : They attacked the base heavily armed and wearing U.S. Army uniforms NEW : 6 AV-8B Harrier jets and 6 refueling stations are destroyed , adds ISAF 3 British service members die in separate attacks , also in Helmand province
CNN  -- A 22-story residential building collapsed in Colombia 's second-largest city , killing one person , injuring two and leaving 10 others unaccounted for , authorities said Sunday . The building collapsed Saturday night in Medellin , according to the office of Claudia Patricia Restrepo , the temporary mayor . Officials evacuated 24 families from the building Friday after they noticed cracks . Construction workers inside the building at the time of the collapse were among the missing , according to the mayor . After the incident , authorities evacuated residents of nearby buildings as a security measure . Restrepo said police , the fire department , psychologists and the Red Cross were at the site . Residential building collapses in India Mumbai mayor : Decorator responsible for building collapse , killing 61	NEW : Two people are injured The building collapsed Saturday night in Medellin Just before it tumbled , officials evacuated 24 families after they noticed cracks
CNN  Twenty-one people were injured Saturday when a commuter train collided with a car and derailed near the University of Southern California campus in Los Angeles , authorities said . The collision happened at about 10:45 a.m. near Exposition Boulevard and Watt Way when an eastbound Hyundai turned north onto the tracks as an eastbound light-rail Metro train approached , said Sgt. Michael Verlich of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . "  The vehicle got wedged in between a pole and the train , causing the train to dislodge , " Verlich said . Of the 21 injured people , 10 were transported to hospitals for treatment , according to the Los Angeles Fire Department Twitter account . One was in critical condition and one in grave condition , the tweet said . The derailment was expected to cause traffic problems for the 6:30 p.m. Saturday soccer game between Mexico and Ecuador at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum across from the USC campus . Metro Los Angeles , the transit and transportation agency for Los Angeles County , said it has requested shuttle buses to accommodate the crowds .	Commuter train and car collide near the USC campus 21 people hurt ; 10 are taken to the hospital
London  CNN  -- Celebrity publicist Max Clifford was found guilty at a London court Monday of a series of indecent assaults on teenage girls , according to British police . Clifford , from Hersham , Surrey , is the first person to be convicted in an investigation into sex abuse allegations against the late British TV presenter Jimmy Savile . He was convicted of eight indecent assaults against young victims -- one as young as 15 -- cleared of two , and a jury could not reach a verdict on one other . The 71-year-old denied all 11 claims of sex abuse between 1966 and 1985 , calling his arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare " and declaring his innocence . But prosecutors portrayed him as an expert manipulator , according to media reports , vowing to help victims ' careers and introduce them to celebrities for sexual favors . He was released on bail until his sentencing Friday , but Judge Anthony Leonard warned him all options were open to him , the Press Association reported . "  You must realize that the fact I have given you bail is no indication of what the final sentence will be , " he said . Jenny Hopkins , deputy chief crown prosecutor in London , said : "  Today 's verdicts provide a long-denied justice to the victims of serious sexual offences . "  I would like to thank these victims for having had the courage to come forward and give evidence . The victims of sexual abuse , whenever it may have taken place , should know that police and prosecutors will listen . " Clifford was arrested in December 2012 and charged in April 2013 on suspicion of sex offenses in connection with the investigation -- dubbed Operation Yewtree -- into numerous allegations made against Savile and others after a TV documentary that aired in October 2012 . In the documentary , several people came forward alleging Savile abused them , unleashing a further flood of allegations against the star , who before that was seen primarily as an eccentric but charismatic man who raised millions of pounds for charity . Clifford is Britain 's most famous celebrity PR consultant , renowned for his decades-long expertise in "  kiss-and-tell " clients connected to English Premier League footballers and the world of pop and showbiz . He has also represented several controversial celebrities , including O.J. Simpson , Frank Sinatra and Simon Cowell .	Celebrity publicist Max Clifford found guilty of indecent assaults on teenage girls Clifford convicted in investigation into allegations against TV presenter Jimmy Savile He was convicted of 8 assaults , cleared of two , and a jury failed to reach verdict on another Clifford denies claims , calling arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare "
CNN  -- After a prolonged courtship with Seattle , the Sacramento Kings are officially staying put . About two weeks after rejecting a sales bid that would have had the team moving 750 miles north to Washington state , the NBA board of governors on Tuesday approved the Kings ' sale to a local ownership group helmed by Vivek Ranadive . The vote was unanimous , the NBA said in a news release , and "  the transaction is expected to close shortly . " Terms of the deal were not released . "  Thanks to entire NBA for approving sale of Kings to our organization , " tweeted Ranadive , the founder and CEO of TIBCO Software in Palo Alto , California . "  It is an honor & a privilege to be part of such an amazing community . " The Maloof family -- known for ownership of properties in Las Vegas , such as the Palms , among other business ventures -- has been trying for months to unload its majority owner stakes in the pro basketball franchise . The family members have on multiple occasions reached apparent deals to sell the team to a Seattle-based group , including investor Chris Hansen and Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , only to be rebuffed by other NBA executives . In January , these two parties reached a deal for that group to buy the Maloofs ' 53 % share of the team as well as minority owner Bob Hernreich 's 12 % stake . But the board of governors never signed off . The Maloof family and Hansen 's group , though , kept on talking , leading to another deal for a higher price and a vote earlier this month by the NBA board . Public officials in Sacramento , meanwhile , never gave up on their efforts to keep the team . Led by Mayor Kevin Johnson , who is a former all-star NBA guard , they worked on a stadium plan and collaborated with a group led by Ranadive that was intent on keeping the team in northern California . On May 15 , the 22 members of the league 's board of governors rejected the Kings ' relocation bid , while eight voted in favor . After that vote , Commissioner David Stern cited the existence of a "  strong ownership group , " a construction team and a plan for a new arena , plus strong support from officials and residents in the Sacramento area . Johnson celebrated that day , and again on Tuesday . Congrats to @Vivek & the new ownership group ! " the mayor wrote on Twitter . "  NBA 's unanimous vote sends a strong statement of support for the Kings ' bright future in Sac ! "	The NBA 's board of governors approves the sale of the Sacramento Kings Tech entrepreneur Vivek Ranadive heads the Kings ' new ownership group Maloof family had deals to sell to a group that would 've moved the team to Seattle NBA executives rejected those relocation bids
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush and his top aides publicly made 935 false statements about the security risk posed by Iraq in the two years following September 11 , 2001 , according to a study released Tuesday by two nonprofit journalism groups . President Bush addresses the nation as the Iraq war begins in March 2003 . "  In short , the Bush administration led the nation to war on the basis of erroneous information that it methodically propagated and that culminated in military action against Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , " reads an overview of the examination , conducted by the Center for Public Integrity and its affiliated group , the Fund for Independence in Journalism . According to the study , Bush and seven top officials -- including Vice President Dick Cheney , former Secretary of State Colin Powell and then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice -- made 935 false statements about Iraq during those two years . The study was based on a searchable database compiled of primary sources , such as official government transcripts and speeches , and secondary sources -- mainly quotes from major media organizations . See CNN viewers ' reactions to the study " The study says Bush made 232 false statements about Iraq and former leader Saddam Hussein 's possessing weapons of mass destruction , and 28 false statements about Iraq 's links to al Qaeda . Bush has consistently asserted that at the time he and other officials made the statements , the intelligence community of the U.S. and several other nations , including Britain , believed Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . Responding to the study Wednesday , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel did not speak directly to the "  false claims " characterization . But he said the United States was part of a broad coalition of nations that took part in the Iraq invasion and that the invasion was based on intelligence from multiple countries . He called Hussein a threat to international security and a sponsor of terrorism , and said the world is better off without him . White House press secretary Dana Perino called the study "  flawed . " "  They only looked at members of the administration , rather than looking at members of Congress or people around the world , " she said . "  Because as you 'll remember , we were part of a broad coalition of countries that deposed a dictator based on a collective understanding of the intelligence . " "  And the other thing that that study fails to do is to say that after realizing that there was no WMD , as we thought as a collective body that there was , that this White House , the President set about to make reforms in the intelligence community to make sure that it does n't happen again . " Bush has repeatedly said that despite the intelligence flaws , removing Hussein from power was the right thing to do . The study , released Tuesday , says Powell had the second-highest number of false statements , with 244 about weapons and 10 about Iraq and al Qaeda . Former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Press Secretary Ari Fleischer each made 109 false statements , it says . Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz made 85 , Rice made 56 , Cheney made 48 and Scott McLellan , also a press secretary , made 14 , the study says . "  It is now beyond dispute that Iraq did not possess any weapons of mass destruction or have meaningful ties to al Qaeda , " the report reads , citing multiple government reports , including those by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , the 9/11 Commission and the multinational Iraq Survey Group , which reported that Hussein had suspended Iraq 's nuclear program in 1991 and made little effort to revive it . The overview of the study also calls the media to task , saying most media outlets did n't do enough to investigate the claims . "  Some journalists -- indeed , even some entire news organizations -- have since acknowledged that their coverage during those prewar months was far too deferential and uncritical , " the report reads . "  These mea culpas notwithstanding , much of the wall-to-wall media coverage provided additional , ` independent ' validation of the Bush administration 's false statements about Iraq . " The quotes in the study include an August 26 , 2002 , statement by Cheney to the national convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars . "  Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction , " Cheney said . "  There is no doubt he is amassing them to use against our friends , against our allies , and against us . " E-mail to a friend	Study searched database for statements by Bush , aides , in 2001-2003 Bush made 260 false statements about Iraqi weapons , al Qaeda , study says Study accuses former Secretary of State Colin Powell of 244 false statements Also on the list : Cheney , Rumsfeld , Rice , former White House spokesmen
CNN  -- Millions of Americans are currently enthralled with the performance of our USA soccer team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup , as evidenced by the eruption of cheers that went up with when Landon Donovan scored a goal in the final minutes of the match against Algeria . His winning goal has been hailed as a watershed moment in American sports history , and "  futbol " fans are predicting he will be talked about years from now in the same breath as Hank Aaron , Joe Namath , Bobby Orr and Wilt Chamberlain . Sorry folks , it 's just not going to happen , -- despite the praying by CNN 's United Nations correspondent , Richard Roth , to make it so . It 's not that I detest soccer/futbol , but the reality is that Americans have not taken to the sport . As a native Houstonian , I sport the gear of the Houston Rockets , Texans , Astros and my Texas A&M Aggies  Houston has the largest concentration of Aggies  , but the MLS  Major League Soccer  Houston Dynamo did n't make the cut . Every year I hear fans say that "  it 's just around the corner " or "  this is the year " or "  the moment has arrived " when soccer is accepted along the lines of football , baseball and basketball . To be honest , even the National Hockey League has suffered immeasurably , and judging by TV ratings , the lack of a major TV deal , and limited stars well-known to non-hockey fans , it 's safe to say it is no longer viewed as one of four major team sports . There are myriad reasons why soccer has n't caught on , but no one can say it 's because of the a lack of interest among the nation 's youth . Millions of kids nationwide play the sport , from inner cities to the suburbs . Yet once they become teenagers , soccer falls by the wayside and the interest shifts to baseball , football and basketball . There have been several attempts at launching a major professional sports league , and the latest is the MLS , which has been around since 1993 . The league has valiantly tried to reach the big time , but it has struggled , largely catering to its small but loyal audience . If you walked into any sports bar in America , and those there had to choose which games to watch , the National Football League , the National Basketball Association , Major League Baseball , the PGA Tour or the National Hockey League , would all likely win out over MLS . Although I 'm not personally a soccer fan , I 've watched a few minutes of the World Cup . But it simply has n't been a "  must see " for me like the Ryder Cup or even the Olympics . And to be honest , the Olympics is probably the greatest comparison in terms of measuring the interest of soccer to American fans . Every four years we go nuts over our "  amateur " athletic stars . We cheer wildly when the U.S. bobsled team wins gold ; love to see our track stars fly around the oval ; and are enthralled with gymnastics . But once the Olympic Games have ended , we store our "  USA ! USA ! " chants for four years . I consider myself to be a huge track fan , and would love to see it on TV more , but the reality is that in other parts of the world , track stars are treated like Kobe Bryant and LeBron James . Yet if Usain Bolt walked through a mall anywhere in America , he might get a few stares , but he would n't be bombarded with autograph requests for photos , even though he is the Kobe of the track world right now . So soccer/futbol fans worldwide , do n't take it as insult that Americans do n't worship soccer the way you do . Everyone has their likes and dislikes . That 's really just fine . You do you , and we 'll do what we do . As for the World Cup , I 'll be cheering for the Donovan-led U.S. team to do well , while flipping back and forth to the NFL and NBA cable channels , pining for my two favorite sports to return in the fall . It 's just the American in me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin says Americans are cheering the success of the U.S. team in World Cup He says soccer still will never catch on as one of America 's major sports Fans are much more interested in NFL , MLB , NBA and NHL Martin : I 'm cheering for U.S. team , but pining for return of football , basketball
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Torrential rains moved walls of rock and mud Friday in Southern California , burying homes in one neighborhood , closing a coastal highway and prompting evacuations of foothill communities imperiled by landslides . The damage marked the second day of a fierce storm slamming the Pacific Coast that , in California , served to trade one natural disaster for another , namely the state 's record drought of the past three years . At a minimum , the biggest storm in years slaked the dry earth , but it is coming at a high price for many people . Mudslides swarmed or threatened homes near recent hillside fires . Ten homes in the Camarillo Springs area were damaged and red-tagged as uninhabitable after a mudslide crashed into a subdivision and piled rocks almost as high as roof lines , authorities said . An elderly couple needed to be rescued after they stayed in their home despite a voluntary evacuation order and suddenly found water and earth plowing into their bedroom , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . "  It just came pouring in , so I told my wife just stay in bed , " the man told the affiliate after he was rescued . "  I could just feel the mud ... there must be 3 or 4 feet of mud in there . " Firefighters carried the couple to safety , uninjured . "  I 'm OK , " the man told the station . Later Friday , Jim and Grace Shiraishi 's son called his parents ' survival of the landslide as "  pretty darn amazing . " "  It gets you by surprise , " son Jim Shiraishi said . Swift water recovery and rescue Firefighters in Orange County conducted a rescue in the swift waters of a flood channel in Garden Grove . The man being rescued , however , appeared to be dead and was stuck on a central pillar of a ditch tunnel , said Lt. Ben Stauffer of the Garden Grove Police Department . The victim was identified as 34-year-old Garden Grove resident Mario Alberto Hernandez . Detectives were investigating the circumstances of his death , Stauffer said . A pedestrian discovered Hernandez 's body in the channel , he said . Meanwhile , Los Angeles firefighters rescued two people who were clinging to trees in the Los Angeles River , and they were in fair condition in a local hospital , the fire department said Friday . Evacuations Residents piled sandbags outside their homes near where the so-called Colby Fire scorched 1,952 acres in Angeles National Forest in January near Glendora and Azusa . Glendora imposed a mandatory evacuation on unspecified homes in the Colby Fire Impact Area . Meanwhile , Azusa issued a voluntary evacuation order for its residents in the burn area , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Flooding , rocks and mud closed parts of the scenic Pacific Coast Highway from Monterey County down to Huntington Beach , the California Department of Transportation said . Northern California recovering The Bay Area and other pockets of California began returning to normal Friday after the tempest doused exceptionally drought-stricken California with water , causing street and moderate river flooding , and producing blizzard-like conditions in the Sierra Nevada . The storm took a deadly toll further up the coast . Falling trees killed two people in Oregon and left a third seriously injured . At one point , the combination of powerful winds and battering rains knocked power out to 225,000 customers from Northern California to the Canadian border . Inundating rain The rain intensity in Northern California on Thursday was reminiscent of a tropical shower in some places , a biblical deluge in others . Nearly 2.5 inches doused the San Francisco Bay Area , but north of there , just beyond wine country , 14.6 inches washed down on the Petrified Forest . The rain will put a dent in a historic three-year drought that has sapped reservoirs , threatening farmers and driving up food prices . "  We need it , but I wish it would come more evenly spread out , instead of all in one night , " said Kim Cheadle , who commuted from Marin County but found her San Francisco office building closed Thursday . An ` atmospheric river ' Much of the moisture , at least along the California coast , comes from an "  atmospheric river , " a band of heavily moist air that split off from a larger such band in the tropics . It 's as if a river in the sky spilled its banks , sending a new tributary 250 to 400 miles wide northeastward to California . Such atmospheric river drenchings in California are rare but also normal and necessary , the National Weather Service said . They 're how the parched state gets up to 50 % of its annual rainfall . The current "  river " has been around since late November and already soaked the state last week . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Dave Alsup , Topher Gauk-Roger and Erica Henry contributed to this report . Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta , and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles . Dan Simon and Sara Weisfeldt reported from San Francisco .	Firefighters rescue two people clinging to trees in Los Angeles River Police investigate an apparent death in rushing waters of flood channel Two killed by falling trees in Oregon Evacuation orders are issued for foothill communities near earlier burned areas
CNN  -- Two Iranians were convicted in a Bangkok court Thursday over a botched bomb plot last year that resulted in one losing both of his legs as he hurled an explosive device while trying to escape arrest . Saied Moradi , 29 , was found guilty of attempted murder , causing explosions and violating gun laws , and was sentenced to life imprisonment , Thai police spokesman Phanom Chuathong told CNN . Muhammad Khazaei , 43 , was sentenced to 15 years jail for causing explosions and causing damage to public and private property . Israel has maintained the explosives were part of a plot aimed at assassinating Israeli diplomats in Bangkok â $ " a claim Tehran has refuted . Both men -- who were charged with criminal rather than terrorism offenses -- denied any involvement in a plot , saying they were unaware of explosives in their home . The court also demanded the two men pay reparations valued at around 2 million baht  $ 62,300  to compensate for the damage caused . Thai authorities said five suspects escaped from a villa in the Thai capital following the blast , two of whom are still on the run . Moradi was injured when he detonated two bombs -- one when a taxi driver refused to give him a ride and another when he tried to throw a bomb at police officers as they closed in on him . The court heard that Khazaei ran out of the house after the first explosion and headed to the airport where police arrested him at the boarding gate . A third man , Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , managed to board a plane to Malaysia . Chuathong told CNN the court ruling would "  certainly have an impact on the High Court of Malaysia 's decision on the extradition request from Bangkok . " Zadeh has been in custody in Malaysia since last year , pending a High Court decision on his extradition to Thailand . At the time of the blasts , Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said : "  Iran is a threat to the stability of the world . They are targeting innocent diplomats . "  The international community has to denounce the Iranian actions and to indicate red lines concerning the Iranian aggression . " Ramin Mehmanparast , a spokesman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry , responded by condemning the blasts on Iran 's state-run Press TV in an article on its website , but added : "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . "	Iranians jailed over botched February 2012 bomb attack One man sentenced to life in prison , the other to 15 years jail Saied Moradi , 29 , lost both legs in the attack when he hurled a bomb at police Israel says the failed bomb plot was aimed at its diplomats . Iran denies involvement
CNN  -- Although most states saw the number of initial unemployment claims rise last week , 14 saw the number of filings drop , the government said Thursday . Many job fairs in the United States have become jam-packed events , like this one in Wayne , Michigan . Five of those states -- Missouri , Massachusetts , New Jersey , Florida and New Mexico -- saw claims decrease by more than 1,000 , according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . Across the nation , there are a few companies that are hiring , organizations that are holding job fairs and groups that are bonding to help fellow job seekers with their searches . CNN affiliates are reporting on how those looking for employment are coping with the situation . Midwest : Job fair caters to veterans Brian Jacobson returned from a 15-month tour in Iraq to no job . "  Now that I 'm out -LSB- of the Army -RSB- , I find it hard because I do n't have a set plan day-to-day , " Jacobson told CNN affiliate WLS . Browse a map of upcoming job fairs across America " He was one of hundreds of veterans who attended the Welcome Home celebration in Chicago , Illinois , last week . Officials from Veterans Affairs and the University of Illinois at Chicago were host to the program . Read the WLS report on how some agencies are helping veterans to find work Though the number of employers was lower than at the inaugural event last year , there were opportunities for job searchers . The Chicago police department was one of the organizations taking applications and résumés . Some service members lost their jobs while overseas . "  There 's cases where people are laid off even while they 're in Afghanistan . We want employers to help put them into new employment , " said Dan Grant , director of the Illinois Department of Veterans Affairs . South : Virginia woman helps people find work-at-home jobs Leslie Truex , who calls herself the Pajama Mom , runs a Web site for people who are looking to telecommute . The woman from Fluvanna County , Virginia , has operated workathomesuccess.com for the past 10 years . She said that when she started the site , she added perhaps one job listing a month . Now it is about five posts per day . Truex told WVIR in Charlottesville that even nursing and tutoring positions are available online . She said the money earned from working online can be helpful in this economy . "  Working at home , even if it 's just part time , it can fix the gap between what you earn and what your expenses are , because what you earn is n't keeping pace with what we 're having to spend to survive , " she said . Read WVIR 's report about the woman who telecommutes for telecommuters West : Denver "  job clubs " growing In the Colorado capital , unemployed workers are gathering in growing number in what are called job clubs . The groups meet at different types of venues , including coffee shops , malls and churches . CNN affiliate KUSA says many clubs have doubled in size in recent months . Many groups include a career counselor who can give tips to job searchers . Several members of one group said the community of people with similar problems and dreams is reassuring . "  This group has been really good for me . It 's helped me to really understand who I am and what I can contribute , " Dr. Nancy Ford told KUSA . Read KUSA 's story about the job clubs Others enjoy the opportunity to network or just the chance to get out of the house . West : Bay Area grocery store hires hundreds Pittsburg , California , resident Daniel Nungaray and 244 others finally have jobs . Mi Pueblo Food Center , which specializes in Latin American food products , is set to open this week . In Pittsburg , the unemployment rate is more than 14 percent , and more than 3,600 people applied for work at the supermarket . "  It 's stressful . It 's headaches . -LSB- I -RSB- ca n't sleep , ca n't eat because bills never stop , " Nungaray told CNN affiliate KGO . A Mi Pueblo spokesman said grocery stores are solid places to work . "  It 's a good business . People have to eat to survive , and when you ca n't afford the restaurants , that 's where we come into play , " said Elijah Walker of Mi Pueblo Foods . Read KGO 's story on the Bay Area 's new employer One of the other new employees is Jesus Glaz , who had been out of work for six months . He said of the store , "  It kind of gives everyone a little bit of hope . " Midwest : Churches offer group support for job seekers Two congregations in the Kansas City , Missouri , area are offering services to the unemployed . At the United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood , job hunters will find computers they can use , job aides and a book with job listings in it , according to CNN affiliate KSHB . The church also offers a prayer group and a support network . Central United Methodist Church in Kansas City offers similar services , Victoria Kandt said . "  As a group , we try to keep each other accountable , " Kandt said . "  You know , what are two or three things you need to accomplish in the next week that we can hold you accountable for ? " Read KSHB 's report on church-sponsored support groups South : New site aims at social interaction for the unemployed Craig McKee lost his job in December and decided to start a Web site that combines the concepts of Facebook and job search sites . His Web site , unemployedamerican.com , has 70 members . "  I wanted to kind of combine a support group and a social networking community , " McKee told KXAN in Austin , Texas . Read the report on McKee 's venture to connect the unemployed Victoria Cloud , who lost her job 13 months ago , says the site helps her deal with the isolation she feels . She is glad McKee plans to continue the site even after he lands another job . "  I think that 's awesome . Networking sites are really useful tools , and I do n't see why it could n't be applied in this sort of situation , " Cloud said .	One job fair held specifically for former military members Telecommuting mom helps other potential telecommuters look for work Grocery store hires hundreds in California 's Bay Area Churches sponsoring support groups , providing free computer time
CNN  -- It might seem a bit strange that actress Jodie Foster chose an event watched by millions to make the case for the need for privacy . Well , this is Hollywood , after all . The celebrated actress took the occasion of receiving the Cecil B. DeMille Award at Sunday 's Golden Globes ceremony to make several personal statements -- including a few that were n't exactly clear . But one thing Foster was definitive about was how much she values her privacy . In a speech that many found to be touching and which appeared to address gossip about her sexual orientation , the 50-year-old Foster reflected on being in show business since she was 3 years old . "  If you had been a public figure from the time that you were a toddler , if you 'd had to fight for a life that felt real and honest and normal against all odds , then maybe you , too , might value privacy above all else , " she said , to cheers from the Golden Globes crowd . 5 memorable moments from the Globes But how realistic is the expectation of privacy in an age where many celebrities depend on their social media connection to fans more than they do traditional marketing machines and every moment of their lives is reported in the media ? Long gone are the days when a studio would work with journalists to bury negative press about stars or protect their personal lives , said Robert J. Thompson , founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  Everybody who is carrying around a cell phone has the ability to take a picture of you behaving badly , getting in trouble , " Thompson said . "  People have been hounding celebrities for as long as their have been celebrities , but now there are just so many more venues to where the results of that hounding can go . " And in some cases the celebrities are feeding into those venues . Twitter , Facebook and Instagram accounts are almost mandatory for the 21st-century star who can choose to reveal themselves to millions of fans without having to hold a press conference or even leaving their homes . Take Rihanna and Chris Brown , whose reignited connection has been thoroughly documented by the pair via their social media accounts -- and just as thoroughly criticized by music fans and the news media . Yet these same celebrities will sometimes insist that they hope the media will "  respect their privacy . " While a writer for Newsweek , journalist Steve Tuttle tackled the issue in a piece titled "  Pay Attention and Leave Me Alone " in which he noted that "  How I Met Your Mother " star Neil Patrick Harris announced on Twitter that he and his partner David were expecting twins while "  Hoping the press can respect our privacy . " "  Seriously ? Why did you tweet this personal information if you wanted privacy ? " Tuttle wrote . "  I think Harris is an extremely gifted and funny guy , but this is yet another in a long line of celebrities asking us to respect their privacy while at the same time broadcasting news about their family or career -- and I 'm only talking about the last week or so . " Not that Foster has ever been the type to share even the most benign parts of her personal life , yet alone on social media . Which may be why some viewers waited with bated breath when she announced at the Globes that she had "  a sudden urge to say something that I 've never really been able to air in public . " "  I am single , " Foster said after a bit of a buildup . The audience laughed . "  Seriously , I hope that you 're not disappointed that there wo n't be a big coming-out speech tonight because I already did my coming out about a thousand years ago back in the Stone Age , very quaint days when a fragile young girl would open up to trusted friends and family , co-workers and then gradually , proudly to everyone who knew her , to everyone she actually met , " she continued . "  But now apparently , I 'm told that every celebrity is expected to honor the details of their private life with a press conference , a fragrance , and a prime-time reality show , " Foster said . "  And you guys might be surprised , but I am not Honey Boo Boo Child . No . I 'm sorry . That 's just not me . " While many cheered Foster 's remarks , some were less than enthused . Wall Street Journal writer Eric Sasson wrote , "  It seems a bit less than gracious , and something of a stretch , for Foster to conflate the public 's desire to know about her orientation with a fragrance-toting , prime-time-reality-show mugging celebrity culture . " "  Was Martina Navratilova acting like Honey Boo Boo Child when she came out , " Sasson said . "  How about Barney Frank , or Elton John , or Ellen ? Foster seems to be suggesting that it 's the absurd degree to which the media and the world no longer value privacy that has forced her to hold on to her own so tightly . But Jodie Foster is 50 years old , and Honey Boo Boo Child has n't been around for more than a year . " Fellow former child actor Seth Green discussed the issue of privacy in a recent "  WTF with Marc Maron " podcast and said he traces the interest to the rise in the tabloid culture over the past few years that has people enthralled with the lives of celebrities . Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig : A right to privacy ? "  All of a sudden  celebs  are being put out as the most important kings and queens of our community , " Green said . In general , Green said , the public "  are becoming increasingly fascinated with pop culture and shiny things and squashed and stretched animated versions of our superheroes . We are becoming less and less concerned about privacy , security . " Syracuse professor Thompson said that with the 24-hour news cycle and so many publications trying to outdo each other in terms of exclusives , celebrity "  images and barging in on their privacy is a cottage industry for a lot of people . " Should celebrities feel entitled to privacy ? "  Maybe , " he said . "  But should you expect that you are going to get it ? " "  Probably not . "	Actress Jodie Foster discussed privacy during her speech at the Golden Globes Professor says there are a multitude of outlets for stars personal drama to be shared Writer took exception to some of Foster 's comments
Hamas and Israel blamed one another for the lack of a cease-fire in a conflict that has left more than 1,200 people dead , raising questions about just what it will take to end the fighting in Gaza . The violence continued Wednesday morning , when Israeli forces shelled the Abu Hussein School in northern Gaza and killed at least 20 people , the Palestinian Health Ministry said . The Israeli military said they are looking into the incident . International efforts to broker a deal to end the violence failed again Tuesday , with Hamas rejecting a cease-fire proposal put forward by the Palestinian Authority that called for a 24-hour truce that could be extended to 72 hours . Hamas maintains that any deal must include an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said any truce must allow for its protection against tunnels used by Palestinian militants in Gaza to make their way into Israel . "  Hamas is responsible for all deaths on their side and on our side because they are the ones who kept this conflict going , " Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , told CNN . "  People are fighting and people are dying because Hamas said no to a cease-fire . " Israel is "  ready for a period of sustained peace and security " Regev said earlier in the day on CNN . But he asserted that Hamas has consistently rejected truces and an Egyptian initiative for a cease-fire put forth this month . On Hamas-run television , Mohammed Deif , chief of the group 's military wing , said that "  there is no middle ground " regarding a truce until Israel ends its "  siege " of Gaza . "  The Israeli enemy will not have security as long as we do n't have security for our people , " he said . Hamas wants Israel to lift a blockade it began on Gaza in 2007 , a move Israel has said was necessary to stop Hamas and other allied militant group from bringing weapons into Gaza . But Israel has been under fire for sealing the borders , with aid groups saying the blockade has cut off basic supplies and created a humanitarian crisis . Deaths mount as fighting rages While leaders continued to talk , the lights in Gaza flickered on and off in many homes after its only power plant was hit . Palestinian officials blamed an Israeli airstrike . But Israel said the power plant was not a target . At least 40 % of Gaza 's fuel had been burned by early Tuesday , according to Fathi al-Sheikh Khalil , deputy chairman of the Palestinian Energy Natural Resources Authority in Gaza . The plant will have to be reconstructed and will not operate as it did for at least a year , he said . "  We can not supply electricity " for hospitals , sewage treatment or domestic use , he said . "  This is a disaster . " Hamas-run television reported early Tuesday that Israeli strikes hit the Ministry of Finance in western Gaza and the house of Ismail Haniyeh , a senior political leader of Hamas . A radio station run by Hamas was bombed . At least 1,242 people in Gaza have died and more than 7,000 have been wounded since the conflict between Israel and Hamas began , the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza said . The number of militants killed is unclear , but the United Nations estimates that 70 % to 80 % of the dead are civilians . Fifty-three Israeli soldiers have died since Operation Protective Edge began July 8 , according to the Israel Defense Forces . Three civilians have been killed in Israel as well . ` Underlying kinds of issues ' In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry defended the Obama administration 's efforts to seek a cease-fire and sloughed off strong Israeli public criticism of his initiative . He also said Netanyahu "  consistently said he would embrace a cease-fire that permits Israel to protect itself against the tunnels " used by Palestinian militants in Gaza . "  We are working very carefully , and I think thoughtfully , with our Israeli friends in order to be able to find a way to reduce the civilian loss of life , to prevent this from spiraling downwards into a place from which , you know , both sides have difficulty finding a way forward in order to address the underlying kinds of issues , " Kerry said . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported that Palestinian leadership in the West Bank was offering a 24-hour truce , which could be extended to 72 hours , and that the idea had support from Hamas and Islamic Jihad , another militant group in Gaza . But Sami Abu Zuhri , a Hamas spokesman in Gaza , said the WAFA report was not true and "  not related to the resistance , " which "  speaks for itself . " When Hamas gets a guarantee from Israel for "  international mediation regarding a humanitarian pause , then we can consider it , " he said on Hamas TV . Israel repeatedly has condemned Hamas for rejecting an Egyptian proposal for a cease-fire that Israel agreed to earlier this month . Some temporary cease-fires have taken place throughout the conflict , with each side quickly accusing the other of violating the pauses in shooting . Refugee camp hit , ` terror sites ' targeted The Jabaliya refugee camp in northern Gaza was shelled Tuesday , Hamas said . A medical official said more than 10 people were killed . "  Witnesses have told paramedics that entire families are still buried under the rubble , " said al-Qidra , the spokesman for the Gaza Health Ministry . Meanwhile , Israel reported that five people were seen emerging from a tunnel shaft in Gaza . They fired at Israeli troops , who "  responded and engaged the perpetrators , " the IDF said . "  In addition , forces uncovered ammunition which included AK-47 assault rifles , machine guns and explosive devices . Since midnight , the IDF targeted over 110 terror sites . " Israel has uncovered 32 tunnels used by Hamas to smuggle weapons and launch attacks , Israel Defense Forces said . Hamas has an estimated 10,000 rockets , more than a quarter of which have been fired into Israel in the past few weeks , the IDF said . A cache of rockets was discovered at a U.N.-operated school in central Gaza that was closed for the summer , according to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency . The school was not being used as a shelter , it said . The rockets were discovered Tuesday during a regular UNRWA inspection , the agency said . It 's the third time the rockets have been discovered at a closed school in Gaza . "  Because of fighting in the vicinity of the school we have been unable to get a U.N. munitions expert to the school , but we hope to do as soon as the security conditions allow , " Chris Gunness of the UNRWA said . Inside a Hamas tunnel What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Opinion : Gaza peace struggle drains me of hope	Palestinian official : Israeli forces shelled a school Wednesday , killing 20 1,242 people have died in Gaza ; the UN estimates at least 70 % are civilian "  Hamas is responsible for all deaths , " Netanyahu 's spokesman tells CNN Hamas says truce must include an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza
CNN  -- Some of Britain 's most influential former military figures are under investigation after allegedly boasting about their ability to secure arms contracts for private firms in violation of British law . The "  generals for hire " scandal broke late Saturday following the publication of a Sunday Times investigation that used hidden cameras to capture the alleged claims by the men , all recently retired military officers . The Ministry of Defence moved quickly Sunday to distance itself from the alleged actions of the retired generals , saying an investigation was under way . "  Equipment is procured in the interests of our Armed Forces and not in the interests of retired personnel . Former military officers have no influence over what  ministry  contracts are awarded , " said Philip Hammond , the defense secretary . In Britain , military personnel are required to wait two years after leaving the service before taking a job where their former position may give their employer or clients an advantage . The Sunday Times says its three-month investigation focused on "  the revolving door between the Ministry of Defence and private arms companies . " Among those named in the newspaper 's investigation was recently retired Lt. Gen. Sir John Kiszely , a Falklands war hero and former head of the Defence Academy . Kiszely allegedly confided to a reporter posing as a representative of an arms firm that he could use his role as president of the Royal British Legion to push his clients ' agenda with the prime minister and other senior officials . Another retired military official , Lt. Gen. Richard Applegate -- a former ministry procurement chief -- was captured on video allegedly describing a secret lobbying campaign in parliament on behalf of an Israeli arms company . Kiszely , Applegate and two other high-ranking former officers denied the claims , saying they did nothing wrong and always had the best interests of the services at heart , the newspaper reported . In a statement released following the publication of The Sunday Times investigation , the Ministry of Defence said it was "  looking to see if any of these individuals have broken any rules . " "  Former chiefs acting in a commercial capacity should not have any privileged access to the  ministry  and we will put in place measure to ensure this , " it said . Journalist Nicky Robertson contributed to this report .	An undercover Sunday Times investigation secretly filmed retired military officials The officials allegedly claimed they could influence arms deals for private firms The officials , all retired generals , denied the allegations by the Sunday Times The Ministry of Defence has launched an investigation into the allegations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before Monday , Eliot Spitzer was a rising star in the Democratic Party -- his squeaky-clean image as a corruption buster led to his being mentioned as a potential vice-presidential candidate and possibly even a future White House contender . New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer arrives with his wife Monday for a press conference . Now , after federal investigators have linked the New York governor to a top-dollar prostitution ring , political advisers are split over whether Spitzer has any political future at all . "  There 's no way he can survive it , " said Ed Rollins , a Republican political consultant and adviser to former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee . "  All the facts are n't out there , but as they 're being reported , there 's no way you can survive . "  Not only is he a hypocrite , he may also end up being a charged felon . " On Monday , Spitzer publicly apologized for an undisclosed personal matter . He did not specifically mention the prostitution sting , nor did he resign . Watch Spitzer 's apology " The apology came four days after federal prosecutors announced the arrests of four people in an international prostitution ring that charged clients up to $ 5,500 an hour . A source with knowledge of the probe said that wiretaps in the case identify Spitzer as an unnamed client who met a prostitute on February 13 at a Washington hotel . Many political professionals said they were stunned by Monday 's developments regarding Spitzer , a man who once made a name for himself going after organized crime and Wall Street corruption as New York 's attorney general . "  Obviously , the facts are going to come out in the next several days and the story will be told , " said Robert Zimmerman , a political adviser and Democratic National Committee member . "  But if the facts are as we suspect , it 's very hard to imagine him staying in office . " But James Carville , a CNN political analyst and onetime adviser to former President Bill Clinton , said Spitzer could hold on to his position if the scandal remains strictly about sex -- or if it 's revealed that his political enemies were responsible for leaking the story . Carville mentioned other high-profile politicians who have weathered sex scandals , including Republican Sen. Larry Craig of Idaho , who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor after his arrest in a men 's room sex sting , and his own former client , President Clinton . "  All of us remember the Monica Lewinsky scandal and the immediate rush to judgment , " he said . "  A lot of people said , ` How could Bill Clinton survive a scandal like that ? ' Yet , he managed to survive . "  If it 's not a financial or monetary thing involved , I do n't know . " Watch a discussion of Spitzer 's political future " On a more personal level , Dina Matos , the estranged wife of former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey -- who resigned after an alleged affair with a male political aide -- said Spitzer should step down whether he thinks he can salvage his political career or not . McGreevey , who announced he is gay and is now attending an Episcopalian seminary , and Matos are in the midst of divorce proceedings . Matos said "  was very difficult for the family " when her husband tried to hang on to the governor 's office for several months after stories about the relationship with the aide surfaced . "  I thought Gov. Spitzer was going to announce his resignation today , " Matos told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  By not doing so , he 's only prolonging the pain and and anguish and humiliation for his wife and family . " Watch responses to the question : Will Spitzer have to resign ? " If Spitzer resigns , Lt. Gov. David Paterson would complete his term in accordance with the New York state constitution . Paterson , 53 , is the highest-ranking African-American elected official in New York state . Paterson , who is legally blind , is a leading advocate for the visually and physically impaired . E-mail to a friend	N.Y. governor , a hard-charging ex-prosecutor , falls far amid link to prostitution "  There 's no way he can survive " scandal , GOP consultant and adviser says Ex-Bill Clinton adviser : He has a chance if scandal 's enemy-driven or only about sex Estranged wife of ex-N.J. governor says Spitzer should resign to spare family grief
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday proposed a package of measures intended to reduce gun violence in the wake of the Newtown school massacre last month . Some of the steps have been tried before and others are expansions of laws and policies already in place . Some face high hurdles in Congress . Will they work ? Here 's a look at some of the key measures : Ban on assault weapons The Federal Assault Weapons ban , a provision of anti-crime legislation President Bill Clinton signed into law in 1994 , outlawed military style semiautomatic weapons that fire one round per trigger pull and automatically eject the shell casing and reload the chamber . In addition to these weapons , the ban also limited semiautomatic rifles , semiautomatic pistols and semiautomatic shotguns that can accept a detachable magazine and have at least two military style features . Congress allowed the prohibition to expire in 2004 . Sen. Dianne Feinstein said in December that she would introduce a bill to ban assault weapons . Did it work ? : Two studies point to too little evidence or too little time having passed to calculate the impact of the ban . A provision in the 1994 law required the attorney general to deliver a report to Congress within 30 months of the ban evaluating its effects . The summary of that report , conducted by the National Institute of Justice , said that "  the public safety benefits of the 1994 ban have not been demonstrated . " The authors of the study suggested further tests of enforcement techniques , including "  strategic crackdowns on ` hotspots ' for gun crime and strategic crackdowns on perpetrators of gun violence . The authors suggested these techniques might be "  more immediately effective , and certainly less controversial , than regulatory approaches alone . " A June 2004 University of Pennsylvania study found that the ban succeeded in reducing crimes involving assault weapons . But the benefits at the time were outweighed by increased use of non-semiautomatic weapons , which the study said were used more frequently in crime . The researchers could not credit the ban with a drop in overall gun violence over the same period . The study did point out that since assault weapons were used no more than "  8 % of gun crimes , even before the ban , " its impact was likely too small to reliably measure . Obama-backed gun bills considered a long shot in Congress High-capacity magazines The same 1994 anti-crime bill also banned magazines that held more than 10 rounds of ammunition . But it , too , expired after 10 years . Following a 2011 attack in Arizona that killed six people and seriously wounded former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , congressional leaders called for a ban on high-capacity magazines . The shooter in that attack used a semi-automatic pistol with a 33-round magazine . Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , announced a proposal to limit high-capacity magazines . No legislation was enacted . After the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown , Lautenberg announced plans to re-introduce legislation to ban high-capacity magazines . Other legislators are pursuing requirements for background checks on the purchase of ammunition as well as seeking to ban the online sale of ammunition . California Rep. Mike Thompson told CNN on Tuesday that a ban on high-capacity magazines could garner Republican support , but a full-scale prohibition on assault weapons would be difficult to get through the GOP-controlled House . Did it work ? : The 2004 University of Pennsylvania study noted that guns with high-capacity magazines were used in up to 25 % of gun crimes , but it was not clear how often the outcome of the attack depended on the capacity of the magazine . The study did note that since the rate of a shooter hitting intended victims is low in gun crimes , the ability to fire more shots more quickly increases the likelihood of a target being hit . A Washington Post analysis also found that during the10-year ban on high-capacity magazines , those seized by police in Virginia dropped during that span . When the ban was lifted in 2004 , the seizures rose "  sharply . " Researchers interviewed by the Post note that the ban could have helped limit the availability of the magazines . But the Post analysis also notes that the impact of the ban is "  hard to measure . " A look at U.S. gun laws Universal background checks Sen. Charles Schumer , the chief supporter of legislation to impose universal background checks , calls them the "  sweet spot " for curbing gun violence and the likelihood of getting legislation passed . U.S. law requires that any time someone buys a gun from a federally licensed gun dealer , the dealer is required to run a check on the potential buyer for possible criminal and mental issues . Records are kept by state and federal agencies . Convicted felons , people convicted of violent domestic crimes and those determined by courts to be dangerously mentally ill are prohibited by federal law from buying firearms . However , federal law does not require background checks for what are considered private transactions . And there are gaps in the existing system -- many states do n't report the names of people who have been labeled dangerously mentally ill . And there are huge gaps in the database . For instance , the Virginia Tech shooter who killed 33 people in 2007 passed two background checks when buying guns because Virginia did n't submit his mentally ill status to the database . Would they work : Achieving this goal will take a combination of the executive action the president took on Wednesday and legislation to change existing laws on the requirement of background checks . Obama said Wednesday that he has taken action to address legal barriers to states sharing relevant information to the database and other measures like ensuring that physicians can ask patients about guns in their homes . The legislation Schumer is considering would encourage states to comply with sharing relevant information to the database by withholding federal funds for their law enforcement initiatives -- the federal government ca n't require the states to comply , but it can make it worth their while . It would also make it a crime for someone to sell a firearm without taking the buyer to a place where a background check can be performed . Enforcement would be an issue though -- it could be difficult to prove whether a firearm already on the market was sold before or after the requirement was implemented . Across the country , more than a million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . That figure , however , is a small fraction of overall gun sales . Mental illness measures Four of the 23 executive actions that Obama announced on Wednesday address access to mental health care through Medicare and Obamacare . Medicare is the largest provider of mental health care in the country and the Affordable Care Act opens access to millions of other Americans covered by the federal government . Another executive action was to open a national dialogue on mental health led by Health Secretary Kathleen Sibelius and Education Secretary Arne Duncan . Obama also clarified that a provision in Obamacare does not prohibit doctors from asking their patients about guns in their homes . A number of mass shootings have been committed by people known to have struggled with mental illness which has renewed calls to address mental illness in a more comprehensive manner . Federal legislation restricting access to guns for the mentally ill was firs enacted in 1968 . Would it help ? : A number of mental health advocacy groups came out in support of the president 's announcement . The National Alliance on Mental Illness released a statement applauding the initiatives put forth from Vice President Joe Biden 's task force , calling it the chance to fix the broken health care system , "  an opportunity that comes only once in a generation . " The group also supported that the president "  correctly noted " that many of the mentally ill were not violent . NAMI expressed its hope that the attention could help fill gaps in the mental health system . FBI statistics showed about 1 percent of applicants who failed a background check were turned down for reasons related to mental health . Read Obama 's proposals	A federal assault weapons ban and ban on high-capacity magazines expired in 2004 Research looking at the impact of the assault weapons ban is inconclusive A 2007 law strengthened background checks for the mentally ill Universal background checks would close loopholes but could be difficult to enforce
I 'm about to fly from Santa Fe to New York , and I 'm terrified . Once in New York , I will teach a class on creativity based on my book "  The Artist 's Way . " While I am eager to share my toolkit with a new audience , I am not eager to fly . For a week before flying , I sleep poorly , "  rotisserie-ing " in my fears . My friends notice that I am miserable . When I tell them I have a fear of flying , they respond , "  But flying 's safe . Safer than driving to the airport . " Their rational reassurance does nothing to curb my fear . My mind spools out dire scenarios : The plane will have difficulty on takeoff or landing ; an engine will fail or catch fire ; a terrorist will somehow make it through security and reroute the plane like 9/11 . For days before I am due to fly , I tell myself to pack . But my mind freezes at the prospect . Finally , I make a list of everything I need to take . Item by item , I pack . How easy it would be to pack a bomb , I think . I try to push this aside , but it persists . Not flying is n't an option As an author who teaches seminars , I have flown for years . With more teaching came more flying and with more flying , an ever-increasing fear . I have never had anything bad happen when I was flying , as far as I know . Not even close . My worst scenario about five years ago involved terrible turbulence . As the plane shimmied and shook , I clutched my armrests and prayed , "  Dear God , please end this turbulence . Please let us find smooth air . " My prayers were earnest but went unanswered . The turbulence continued for nearly the whole flight . "  How was your fight ? " my host asked , meeting me at the airport . "  It was terrible . Really turbulent , " I replied . "  Well , you made it safe and sound , " my host said , glossing over my terror . "  We 're glad you 're here . " A familiar feeling takes hold In four days , I would have to fly again , returning home . I put this return trip out of my mind , focusing on my days of teaching . There were tools to teach and anecdotes to share . My fear of flying had no place in the curriculum . It was n't until I was driving to the airport days later that I felt my familiar fear taking hold . "  It went well , " said my host . "  I hope you 'll come back next year . " I smiled politely , remembering my turbulent trip . I certainly did n't want to repeat it . As we approached the airport , I lost my ability for polite conversation . "  Cat got your tongue ? " my host asked . "  I 'm afraid of flying , " I reluctantly confessed . "  Very afraid of flying . " My host repeated the usual reassurance : "  Why , flying is safer than our driving to the airport . " "  I know that , " I said , "  But it does n't help . " And it did n't . The flight home was smooth , but I was braced for turbulence . I spent a long three hours dreading the bumps that did not come . An inspiration fueled by fear When I got home safely , my publisher called . "  Tell me your teaching went well ? " he asked . "  It did , " I said . "  It 's the flying that 's hard . " "  Why , flying is safer than driving to the airport , " he assured me . "  I know , I know , " I said . "  My fear is n't rational . I think it has to do with not having control . Flying , you put your life in your pilot 's hands . That takes an act of faith . " "  Why do n't you write me a little book on the fear of flying , " he asked . "  Maybe writing would help you . " Who wants to confess an irrational fear , much less in print ? "  I feel like such a baby , " I complained to my friends . But I agreed to do it , and an assignment was an assignment . And as the time neared for my next flight , I found myself watching my fear with a new objectivity . Afraid to even pack , I prayed for the willingness to begin . Making my packing list , I felt calmer . Executing it early , I felt good . "  Maybe there 's something to be said for prayer , " I caught myself thinking . Writing down specific prayers And so I wrote out prayers for each step of my journey , asking in particular for freedom from turbulence . Determined to fly fearlessly , I asked for help . Unlike my neighbors on the flight , I did not order a drink or take a pill . Instead , I prayed . And when I did so , I felt an unfamiliar calm stealing over me . My neighbor noticed my calm . "  What are you doing ? " I was asked through a double scotch . I opted for candor . "  I 'm praying , " I said . "  I 'm drinking , " said my neighbor . "  Teach me to pray . " And so , I led a prayer and then another . My neighbor exclaimed , "  I do feel better ! " My mind ticked back to my assignment . I thought of the prayers I use . You do not need to believe in anything specific . Even if you do n't believe , acting as if you do can bring you calm . Before takeoff prayer Dear God , please help our pilot . Please help me to trust his wisdom and skill . Please help me to let go . Let our flight be smooth and uneventful . Let us land without mishaps . Amen . Prayer for turbulence God , please guide us to smooth air . Please , please , end this turbulence . Quiet my nerves and give me faith . Thank you for your help . Amen . Landing prayer Dear God , Please give us a safe landing . Please see that the gears work smoothly . Lock them firmly into place . Let us hear the mechanisms working . Let us trust the hydraulics . Bless our ears . Amen . One more calming suggestion Using my tips to pray , pack early and tell myself to postpone my fear until tomorrow  when I tell myself to postpone it again  , I recently took a trip to Tel Aviv . That entailed eleven hours of airtime , almost all of it turbulent . Instead of my usual fear , I found myself trusting our pilot and our plane . I visualized each bump like a wave on water . While not relaxed enough to sleep , I was relaxed enough to read . This brought me to another tip : Buy tabloids . Celebrity gossip is engrossing . Celebrity cellulite can make you forget turbulence .	Knowing flying is safer than driving has never calmed Julia Cameron 's fear of flying Instead of running away from her fears , Cameron wrote prayers to address them "  The Artist 's Way " author also packs early and buys certain magazines to help fight fear
New York  CNN  -- New York City already had the highest cigarette taxes in the nation , and a new state law that went in to effect Thursday pushed the price of smoking even higher . The state legislature on Monday approved a bill adding an additional state tax of $ 1.60 to every pack . The bill , which was signed into law by Gov. David Paterson , raised the state tax to a total of $ 4.35 per pack . New York City smokers pay an additional municipal tax of $ 1.50 per pack , so the new tax increase means that smokers in the city will pay $ 5.85 per pack in taxes . That drives the average local retail price up to nearly $ 11 per pack , according to some estimates . And it makes for the highest state-local tax whammy on tobacco in the country , according to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids . Chicago is the runner-up at $ 3.66 per pack in taxes , according to the organization . "  I am about to quit because it 's getting ridiculous -- who can afford this ? " Coney Island resident Louis Torres , 24 , said in response to Thursday 's new per-pack price tag . And that 's just the kind of response anti-tobacco groups are hoping for . But for some New Yorkers , the elevated prices are not as important . When asked whether he would continue to buy cigarettes Jason Mallor , 40 , said , "  Probably . We 're all puppets here . " He said he has been smoking for 20 years . Carrie Thompson , 28 , reacted to the new price tag by saying , "  I should quit now ... I get that cigarettes are bad . I do n't understand why they are so expensive here , we 're in the most expensive city . " The tax hike is aimed at generating an additional $ 440 million in 2010-2011 tax revenue to support health care programs . David Sutton , a spokesman for Altria Group , parent company for tobacco company Philip Morris , said he was "  extremely disappointed " with the increase that makes New York 's cigarette tax "  far and away the highest in the nation . " "  This huge tax increase will make the present contraband cigarette crisis in New York State much worse , " he said in a recent e-mail to CNNMoney.com . "  And it will likely not raise the revenue projected , as it will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state-taxed cigarettes . " -- CNN 's Monika Plocienniczak contributed to this report .	New state law adds additional tax $ 1.60 per pack to existing state tax New York City also has tax of $ 1.50 per pack Smokers in the city now paying $ 5.85 per pack in state and local taxes State hopes to raise revenue ; tobacco industry fears price hike will drive smokers to black market
CNN  -- Humans have a strange relationship with food . This seems to be a global truth that is perhaps best evidenced by the array of unusual food festivals the world over . We do n't merely celebrate food , we wrestle in it , wage war with it , idolize it , and , in Gloucestershire , England , race it down a steep hill . No matter what your favorite food is , chances are somewhere , large gatherings of aficionados have found some outlandish way to commemorate it . Even Spam has found a place of honor . "  Hawaii is one of the biggest consumers of Spam in the world , " explains Karen Winpenny , an organizer of the annual Waikiki Spam Jam , which last year had 25,000 visitors . Hormel Foods sells more product in Hawaii per person than in any other U.S. state . According to the Spam Jam website , almost seven million cans of the stuff are eaten in Hawaii every year . The festival 's dozen or so vendors demonstrate the meat-product 's unexpected versatility . "  This year , we had Spam cheesecake and Spam ice cream . In the past , we 've had Spam ravioli , Spam kotsu , Spam poki , Spam French fries -- pretty much everything can be made with Spam , " says Winpenny . Foods represented at festivals can range from the more mundane -- melons , pumpkins , potatoes -- to the downright daring . In West Virginia , locals are keen to celebrate a local delicacy -- road kill . Last week saw the kick off of Clinton , MT 's Testy Festy , a celebration of Rocky Mountain Oysters , aka bull testicles . Next month , adventurous eaters can sample scorpions at Bugfest in North Carolina . However , there are times when imbibing our favorite foods is not enough . Sometimes , it seems , making a mess is the only way to do it justice . Several festivals demand participants get dirty . La Tomatina -- where thousands travel to Spain to engage in a bustling tomato fight -- is perhaps the most famous of these , though there are many instances in which festival-goers feel the need to rollick around in grub . On August 23 , Barnesville , Minnesota , will celebrate Potato Days , an annual two-day festival dedicated to the humble tuber . No matter how many activities the organizers introduce , however , the most popular remains the mashed potato wrestling competition . "  It 's quite a sight to watch people wrestling around in mashed potatoes , " admits Theresa Olson , the festival 's executive director . "  Afterward , they find mashed potato everywhere . " The festival started in 1951 as a source of post-harvest entertainment . Back then , the activities were limited to a potato picking contest for the men , and a peeling competition for the women . Since then , it 's matured , and events include a cook-off , a mashed potato sculpting contest and a potato sack fashion show . Read more : The world 's messiest festivals "  It 's often voted one of the best festivals in America , partly because it 's family friendly , and it 's free , " says Olson . In some instances , culinary celebrations act as a historic link . In Bessieres , France , the townspeople make a giant omelet every Easter to feed the poor , a tradition that supposedly started when Napoleon and his army stopped in the town for the night . Legend has it that The Little Corporal ordered the villagers to gather all their eggs to make an omelet for his army . The celebration has since spread to French-speaking communities across the globe . In Abbeville , Louisiana , the town launched their own version of the tradition  albeit with a Creole twist  . "  It 's grown to seven cities throughout the world , and we each add a local ingredient , " says Arlene White , the third Grand Maitre of Abbeville 's Giant Omelette Celebration . The town uses 5,000 eggs , and adds Tabasco and crayfish to make it their own . While there are many who would argue that food is art , some regions take this line of thinking to a new level . At the Räbechilbi Turnip Festival in Switzerland , for instance , locals create elaborate floats using 40 tons of hallowed out turnips . In the past , they 've created replicas of panthers , windmills , ships , whales -- even Amy Winehouse . Though the tiny town of Richterswil houses a meager 12,000 residents , the festival attracts 20,000 visitors each year . "  We 're a small village , so you can imagine how crowded it gets , " says Michèle Fasler , a spokeswoman for Räbechilbi . Fasler describes the atmosphere as warm and peaceful . Just do n't eat the turnips , she warns . "  It 's not good for your stomach , " she says . "  It 's like eating too much beans . "	Hawaii is America 's largest consumer of Spam . No wonder they host the annual Spam Jam . In the U.S. , there are food festivals dedicated to bugs and fried testicles . Food wrestling is a theme at several celebrations , including Potato Days . AT Räbechilbi in Switzerland , turnips are turned into works of art .
CNN  -- Imagine a country where no one can find a job and everyone is younger than 25 . This country , which exists as a diaspora , threatens the economic vitality , social fabric and long-term stability of much of the world . It is a country of lost potential . In Europe , 24 % of youth are unemployed . The numbers are particularly bad in Greece , Portugal and Italy . They are also bad in the Middle East and North Africa . Unemployment is a slow-burning yet acute crisis that needs continuous attention from the world 's businesses and governments . The human cost is incalculable . Jobless young people struggle to become positive contributors to their families , communities and countries . Creating more job opportunities accelerates a virtuous cycle that boosts productivity and wages , reinforces a host of social virtues -- including greater stability , self-esteem , community commitment -- and decreases crime . For business , the opportunity is great . Research indicates that for every 1 percentage point of sustained improvement in global youth employment , worldwide economic consumption increases by an estimated $ 72 billion per year . We believe leaders in business , government and civil society should make a collaborative , concerted and cohesive effort to address unemployment with urgency in 2014 . We 've asked the 120 global CEOs who make up the World Economic Forum 's International Business Council to join us in a new drive to reduce youth unemployment , starting this week at the Forum 's Annual Meeting in Davos . One area with significant potential is education for and through employment , including developing function-specific and behavioral skills training programs that build experience , such as innovative internships and apprenticeships . It is becoming increasingly clear that there is a wide and growing gap between the kinds of jobs available to new workers and the ability of young people to fill them . According to a recent survey of employers in nine countries  Brazil , Germany , India , Mexico , Morocco , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , the United Kingdom and the United States  , only 43 % of employers say they are able to find enough skilled entry-level workers . Public-private cooperation in developing the work readiness of the young generation provides a clear opportunity to reduce youth unemployment . For example , automobile manufacturers and suppliers across more than a dozen U.S. states are now training new workers in collaboration with 30-plus community colleges . More employers are also turning to apprenticeships such as those that have long been successful in Germany , Austria and Switzerland -- three countries with traditionally low youth unemployment . In these countries , dual education systems combine study with work experience and their results are recognized by companies and governments alike . Such dual education systems provide a promising path forward to young people without university degrees , create a next-generation workforce for business trained by specialists . These systems generally cost taxpayers less than training efforts initiated and funded wholly by government . These efforts are also effective in developing countries . For instance , since 2009 , the Coletivo  Collective  program -- a public-private partnership between companies , local government and NGOs -- has equipped thousands of young Brazilians with the skills needed to find jobs in retail , recycling , entrepreneurship and more , impacting more than 70,000 people in Brazilian communities . In addition , global corporations can work with government and civil society to build entrepreneurship cultures inside and outside their organizations , empowering youth through training in behaviors and attitudes that will help them get things done throughout their lives , and boost employment and innovation . The World Economic Forum 's Global Shapers initiative is helping to create new ventures and jobs by connecting more than 3,000 of the world 's brightest young entrepreneurs With our International Business Council colleagues , we will be determining how to develop better data and local information on youth employment and replicate existing solutions more widely . With many parts of the world still struggling to reinvigorate growth , concerted efforts to help young people prepare for the workforce can help our global economy . We believe the time has come for international business leaders to act decisively to reduce youth unemployment and create a brighter future for all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Klaus Schwab and Muhtar Kent .	Klaus Schwab , Muhtar Kent : In Europe and elsewhere , many young people are jobless Schwab , Kent : Unemployment is an acute crisis that needs our continuous attention They say business leaders and governments should work together on this urgent problem Schwab , Kent : For businesses , it 's an opportunity since jobs leads to consumption
London , England  CNN  -- Procter & Gamble is recalling Vicks Sinex nasal spray in the United States , Britain and Germany after finding it contained bacteria , the company said . Procter & Gamble said it announced the voluntary recall after finding the bacteria in a small amount of product made at a plant in Germany . There have been no reports of illness from the bacteria , but it could cause serious infections for people with weakened immune systems or those with chronic lung conditions such as cystic fibrosis , Procter & Gamble said late Thursday . The bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , the company said . Cincinnati , Ohio-based Procter & Gamble said it detected the problem during routine quality control at the plant . Analysis so far shows the problem is limited to a single batch of raw material mixture involving three lots of product , which were sold only in the three countries affected by the recall , the company said . In the United States , the recalled product is Vicks Sinex Vapospray 12-hour Decongestant Ultra Fine Mist with lot number 9239028831 . In Britain , the company is recalling Vicks Sinex Micromist Aqueous Nasal Spray with lot number 9224028832 . In Germany , the recalled product is Wick Sinex Schnupfenspray Dosiersystem with lot number 9224028833 . All recalled products are in the 15-milliliter size . Lot numbers are listed on the outer carton and the bottle , the company said . Consumers with the product should discard it , and they may call the company for a replacement coupon or refund , the company said . More information is at the company 's Web site , www.pg.com .	Vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria Bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , Proctor and Gamble says No reports of illness from the bacteria , it says
The events in Ferguson , Missouri , are a "  tragedy , " but the U.N. Committee Against Torture "  has to respect the decision " of authorities not to prosecute police Officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown , committee member Alessio Bruni said Friday . Bruni spoke at a news conference about the release of a committee report that criticizes , among other things , racial profiling and excessive use of force by U.S. police . While the report does not specifically mention the Ferguson case , it does express concern about the militarization of U.S. police departments . The U.S. was one of eight countries getting a periodic review of compliance with the U.N. Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . The other countries getting reports from the committee Friday were Sweden , Ukraine , Venezuela , Australia , Burundi , Croatia and Kazakhstan . Much of the 16-page report that focuses on the U.S. deals with Guantanamo Bay and the treatment of detainees there , but it also includes a section on police brutality and criticizes "  excessive use of force by law enforcement officials , in particular against persons belonging to certain racial and ethnic groups . " The report 's release comes about two weeks after Brown 's parents spoke to the committee in Geneva , Switzerland , in testimony behind closed doors . Though the talk was private , the delegation that organized their trip said the couple told the committee that Brown 's killing , and force used by police officers during protests that followed , "  represent violations of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment . " The U.N. report mentions "  deep concern at the frequent and recurrent police shootings or fatal pursuits of unarmed black individuals . " Instances of police brutality should be investigated by entities that have "  no institutional or hierarchical connection between the investigators and the alleged perpetrators , " the report recommends . The U.N committee also expressed concern about juveniles in the criminal justice system , the use of the death penalty and sexual violence in the U.S. military .	The U.S. is one of eight countries reported on by the U.N. Committee Against Torture U.N. panel criticizes excessive force and racial profiling by U.S. police Member says committee must respect grand jury 's decision in Ferguson , Missouri , case The U.N recommends independent investigations of police brutality
CNN  -- In Masai culture , it is traditional to open a conversation with "  Casserian engeri , " which means "  And how are the children ? " The prominent value that the Masai place on the well-being of their children has me thinking about the well-being of our own children here in America . We rejoice with those who crossed the stage to receive their high school diplomas last spring , and look forward to the accomplishments of those who start school soon . Indeed , our children are doing well . For the first time in our nation 's history , 80 % of young Americans graduated from high school on time , according to the 2014 Building a GradNation . This is a significant achievement for those young graduates and our country as a whole . At that rate of increase , we can and should push forward to the goal of 90 % on-time high school graduation by 2020 . Four successive presidents have set forth this goal , and at last we are on track . But this statistic tells only a piece of the story about the well-being of our children . It disregards too quickly the remaining 20 % -- about 800,000 young people per year -- who do n't graduate on time . What happens to them ? Why are these young people not progressing , despite all of our best efforts ? Who are they ? And what must we do to help them stay on track and thrive as contributors to the economy of our country ? Over the past year , America 's Promise Alliance has been seeking those answers , right from the source . Our Center for Promise at Tufts University interviewed hundreds of young people who did not graduate on time or at all . And then we surveyed thousands of young people from all 50 states . So , how are our children ? Their responses , compiled and analyzed in the report "  Do n't Call Them Dropouts , " are heartbreaking , humbling and ultimately hopeful . So many young people described the circumstances in which they grew up , environments made toxic by physical and emotional abuse , exposure to extreme violence , family stress and caretaking responsibilities . Young people have many reasons for leaving school , not all of them related to boredom or lack of motivation . Many leave because of complex and challenging life circumstances that , without proper adult support , make leaving school look like the only option . In the wake of leaving school without graduating , many showed tremendous optimism and a drive to achieve adult success . They want for themselves what we want for them : more education , a solid job , a strong family , a stable place to live . With this backdrop , it 's no surprise that many of the people we interviewed took exception to the term "  dropout . " They do n't feel that they "  dropped out " or , worse , quit . They simply made a decision to change the course of their lives . Nothing will be easy about increasing our national high school graduation rates . However , for the sake of our nation 's future , we must not forget about the potential that exists in 20 % of our nation 's students . Yes , all students need high quality schools with strong teachers and strong curricula , but they also need environments where they are heard . Set preconceptions and assumptions aside , and just listen hard . Try to understand their experiences and perspective , however challenging . Show them , in some way , that you care about their future . For our young adults with the highest needs , more schools should incorporate an early warning system to identify students whose attendance , behavior and course performance suggest that they need extra support to stay in school . Communities should consider how to create similar early-warning supports and systems beyond the school building for young adults affected by risk factors like a death in the family , an incarcerated parent or housing instability . As good stewards of our communities , we must help provide the support that our young people need for success , and that means learning from one another . With proven and promising examples of success happening all across the country , in and out of the classroom , we must create more opportunities for school systems and communities to collaborate with one another . It 's in that sharing , that great progress can be made . The question "  How are our children ? " is the right one to be asking . But , let 's not be afraid of the challenging and complex answers that comes with it . At graduation season , and every day , let 's celebrate our high achievers while giving equal care to those young people taking the less common road .	For the first time , 80 % of young Americans graduated from high school on time Alma Powell : We ca n't disregard the well-being of the 20 % who did n't Powell : Many of them object to the term "  dropout " ; they just decided to change course She says we must offer support , identify them early , show we care about their futures
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two American paratroopers went missing on Wednesday during a "  routine resupply mission in western Afghanistan , " the NATO-led force in the country said Friday . The pair -- from the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division -- are operating under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Initial reports indicate that 25 ISAF and Afghan forces have been wounded in the search for the two . "  All available resources are being used to find the two missing paratroopers , " said the brigade operations officer , Lt. Col. Guy Jones . "  Our rear detachment is doing everything they can to support the families during this difficult time while we continue the search with our Afghan and coalition partners . " U.S. Navy Capt. Jane Campbell of the ISAF Joint Command said , "  We are committed to taking every measure possible to rescue or recover our missing service members . We continue to do everything we can to find them . " The service members disappeared near Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , in the town of Bala Morghab and the province of Baghdis , said Sayed Ahmad Sami , the provincial police chief . He said they appeared to have gone missing in the Morghab River , but he did n't have any details about what happened . Service members from 42 countries serve in the International Security Assistance Force , including military men and women from 28 NATO countries , according to ISAF 's Web site . U.S. military personnel account for the bulk of ISAF service members . Separately , military authorities reported other recent incidents : • Two U.S. service members and a British soldier were killed in southern Afghanistan on Thursday in roadside bombings , ISAF and the British Defense Ministry said . • Police in Kunduz province said more than 130 Taliban insurgents were killed in a weeklong Afghan-ISAF operation that began on October 31 . Eight Taliban commanders and four Chechen fighters were among those killed , police said . CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	NEW : 82nd Airborne paratroopers missing in western Afghanistan NEW : 25 NATO , Afghan troops injured during search for pair , NATO-led force reports Soldiers missing since Wednesday , military says Missing soldiers were on routine resupply mission
CNN  -- The final two teams left standing at Euro 2012 should come as no surprise , and nor should another painful exit for perennial underachievers England . A heart-breaking defeat on penalties in their quarterfinal was preceded by 120 minutes which saw the style of finalists Italy overwhelm English pragmatism and conquer their heart-on-sleeve spirit . So why does England continue to employ this bulldog style ? And why ca n't the country who gave birth to the game reinvent itself like the all-conquering Spain team , who will be gunning for a third consecutive major title against Italy in Kiev on Sunday , or the dynamic Germans , young pretenders who fell at the semifinal stage ? The answer , according to two respected authors , is history , and how the nation 's deep-rooted view of masculinity has molded its soccer style . Until that changes , this relentless cycle of disappointment will continue . David Winner , who wrote "  Brilliant Orange , " a study of how Dutch culture and psyche contributed to the influence their football visionaries have had on the game , argues England 's approach to football has not changed for over half a century . "  The English were very true to their strengths and weaknesses at Euro 2012 , " Winner told CNN . "  They 've been losing in that way for 60 years . "  Every time it comes as surprise when English heart , commitment and valor and all these old Victorian values come unstuck against much more skilful opponents . " Italy reach semifinals after penalty kicks drama The breeding ground for this English style of football has its roots in the boisterous games of the medieval period , Winner argues , and the intrinsic love for "  testosterone festivals " like rugby , which was invented around the same time as soccer . For him , the attritional modus operandi showcased by England during Sunday 's morale-sapping defeat to a far more fluent Italy side shows the national game is still weighed down by this regressive approach . "  The game is profoundly rooted in old English stuff and we never lost that , " he adds . "  We love the battlers like  former England players  Terry Butcher , Stuart Pearce and Tony Adams . " "  The idea the game is all about skill and you express your manliness not by fighting but by your skill in being able to do very delicate things -- that affronts something deep in the English male psyche and I do n't see any change to it . " Winner 's view is shared by Simon Kuper , journalist and co-author of "  Soccernomics , " a book about football 's truths , who subscribes to the view that England 's methodology was spawned from a notion that the soldier was society 's greatest role model . This then infiltrated the nation 's best-loved game , reinforcing the idea of a "  warrior " culture , when grit and determination were valued over technical skill . The stats from Euro 2012 back this theory up , with England blocking more shots on goal and putting in more tackles than any other nation upon their exit . "  In northern Europe , in general , we tend to value discipline and sticking to your task highly , " said Kuper . "  The collective discipline is important and England and Germany are examples of that . We live in countries where that is valued . You do n't lose yourself in personal creativity , you do your job . "  The model for the British man is the soldier , maybe even still is . The tabloids talk about our players as soldiers , so the values that are very highly praised in English football are bravery , passion , obedience , hard work and you do n't tend to hear that much talk about creativity and inspiration , which are not soldierly virtues . " But it is n't all gloom and doom for England . Hope can be extracted from two titans of Europe , Spain and Germany , both of whom radically revamped their approach to the game in the last 15 years . For decades , Spain were one of soccer 's greatest underachievers , entrenched in a style that emerged from what General Franco termed "  La Furia EspaÃ ± ola , " or the Spanish fury . Like England , Spain 's values were immersed in hard work and fight . Time and time again Spain promised much but failed to deliver on the biggest stage . It was not until after the turn of the century their traditional tactics were abandoned , and a new style executed by a generation of emerging players started to yield unprecedented results . Winner insists the revolution was brought about by Spanish giants Barcelona , and their modern interpretation on the Netherlands teams of the 1970s , led by Johan Cruyff , who were said to play "  total football . " During his stint as manager of Barcelona , Cruyff 's doctrine permeated the club , and he played a key role in the establishment of its "  La Masia " youth academy that has produced so many gifted players that now make up the backbone for the national team . "  Look at how the Spanish used to play and the way they play now , " Winner explains . "  There 's almost no point of contact between the two styles . " Reinventing the wheel : How Guardiola revolutionized football Germany have also undergone a relatively recent transformation , shedding their traditional , battling , hardworking approach after poor returns at the 1998 World Cup in France and the European Championships two years later . Their past triumphs in both competitions -- Germany can boast three titles in each tournament -- were conducted in a manner far removed from the way the current side operate , with skilful and exciting players like Mesut Ozil and Thomas Muller at their forefront . German football expert Raphael Honigstein told CNN an insistence on better technical development for young players , instigated in the late 1990s and early 2000s as a result of an under-performing national side , are now starting to pay dividends . "  Those changes are apparent now -- this is the first generation to benefit , " he said . "  If you have those technical players at your disposal then that will affect they way you play . "  There was a realization that the Bundesliga 's power and success saw an increase in foreigners and that young German players were n't coming through . One of the reasons they identified was the coaching was n't up to scratch anymore . "  They invested lots of money into coaching and youth development and they produced better players . As a result better all-round players were being produced . They gave someone like coach Joachim Low many more options . " Germany knock Greece out of Euros England 's quarterfinal defeat has prompted a familiar round of introspection as journalists , pundits , players and managers put forward their blueprint for a bright new future . Yet the national team 's malaise is at odds with the global success enjoyed by its domestic competition . The English Premier League is regularly described as the best , most exciting league in the world , borne out by the record amounts of money broadcasters pay to televise it . The next slab of TV rights in the UK was recently sold for Â # 3 billion . But would the Premier League punters welcome a move away from traditional values , which often provide open and frenetic matches , if it meant England were able to re-establish themselves as an international force ? "  People would like England to be a winning team but they are n't willing to go through the changes to make it possible , " Winner added . "  If English clubs team were good enough to play the way Spain do -- get a one goal lead and close it out by keeping the ball -- no club crowd would tolerate that for more than 20 minutes . They 'd scream ` Get it upfield . ' "  We 'd find that boring and the crowds would stay away , and they 'd also find it unmanly . " There are changes afoot though . The English Football Association told CNN its new National Football Center , which will act as a development hub for young players and coaches , is due to be handed over next week . Prior to England 's humiliating 4-1 defeat to Germany in the second round of the 2010 World Cup , the FA embarked on a process to develop a new philosophy for how the national game should be played , and it has subsequently made changes to the way youngsters are coached . Andy Hilton , a development officer at the coalface of grassroots football in Manchester , says coaching methods and the attitude of parents who would perpetuate the "  win at all costs mentality " are also starting to change . He and his colleagues are trying to mesh the traditional English "  warrior " style with the more cultured flavor of Spain and Germany , in order to produce players who are comfortable in any type of match situation . "  With the older age groups of 15 and over , the English ` warrior ' is still the dominant football force . Players love street football moves to beat and humiliate an opponent but the game is high tempo , high octane power and speed with an edge of violence , " Hilton said . "  Conversely with the younger players many coaches are concentrating on manipulating the ball , being comfortable with it , and not being afraid to dribble or pass it when the situation dictates . "  I suppose the question is how do we keep the tiki-taka with young adulthood from childhood ? Testosterone , body changes and finding their niche in society forces players to conform to the warrior or look lesser in others ' eyes . " Both Winner and Kuper agree that England needs a new model , and beginning with a detailed look at how Spain and Germany transformed their fortunes would be a productive starting point . In the meantime , until any of these changes take hold , perhaps the best thing for English fans to do is lower expectations and prepare for an immediate future laden with modest returns . "  The future is only bleak in terms of winning tournaments -- England are not going to do that , " said Winner . "  But they 'll bring the nation some pleasure and get out of their group most years . They qualify for tournaments almost always . "  We have to change our expectations as a nation , stop having this post-imperial sense that we are entitled to win because we invented the game , and be a bit realistic . "	Perennial underachievers England last won a major international tournament in 1966 Journalists , pundits , players and managers put forward their blueprint for a bright new future England blocked the most shots on goal and made the most tackles while at Euro 2012 Over the last decade both Spain and Germany have reinvented the way their national teams play
CNN  -- Mexican marines have captured an alleged top leader of the Beltran Leyva cartel , handing authorities a major victory in their fight against powerful drug organizations , the government said Sunday . Sergio Villarreal , who is known to Mexican officials as "  El Grande , " was taken in the central Mexican state of Puebla , Alejandro Poire , a spokesman for Mexico 's president on security issues , told reporters . Villarreal has appeared on the attorney general 's list of Mexico 's most wanted and had a bounty of more than $ 2 million on his head . He offered no resistance when he was arrested mid-afternoon , along with two suspected accomplices , said Poire . He added authorities also recovered weapons and armed vehicles in the operation . "  This afternoon , the federal government ... dealt another blow to the criminal organizations that threaten Mexicans ' security , " Poire said . Villarreal 's capture comes soon after the August arrest of American-born "  La Barbie , " or Edgar Valdez , believed to be one of Mexico 's most ruthless drug traffickers . Valdez is similarly thought to have belonged to the Beltran Leyva cartel . The former leader of that group , Arturo Beltran Leyva , was killed in a shootout with Mexican officials last year . Beltran 's brother Carlos was later arrested , creating what authorities said was a vacuum and power struggle in one of Mexico 's strongest cartels . More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon intensified the government 's fight against cartels and organized crime after taking office in 2006 , according to government figures .	NEW : Two suspected accomplices were also arrested , an official says Sergio Villarreal has appeared on a list of Mexico 's most wanted He is an alleged leader of the powerful Beltran Leyva drug cartel His capture follows the August arrest of "  La Barbie , " who was said to belong to the same group
CNN  -- A sixth-grade Pennsylvania teacher suspected of drunk driving allegedly struck five high school students , leaving three of them hospitalized , police in Mount Carmel Township said Thursday . Victor Swaboski III , 38 , was being held at Northumberland County Prison in lieu of $ 100,000 bail Thursday , following the Wednesday night incident . He has been charged with five felony counts of accidental death or personal injury , five felony counts of assault by motor vehicle while under the influence , felony flight to avoid apprehension , and five misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment , police said . He was also charged with driving under an alcohol restriction because he allegedly had two open beers with him at the time of his arrest , said police Chief Brian Hollenbush . Swaboski 's attorney could n't be immediately located for comment . The chief said that DUI charges are pending results from toxicology tests , to be completed within 10 days . According to CNN affiliate WBRE , three of the teens were walking and two were on bicycles when they were hit by a Jeep Liberty as they passed in front of an elementary school about 8:30 p.m. Wednesday . Swaboski was arrested a short distance from the crash scene , WBRE reported on its website . Swaboski had no prior arrests on his record , the police chief said . Student Andrew Cambell , 16 , was in serious condition Thursday at Geisinger Health System in Danville , Pennsylvania , police said . Tyler Wondoloski , 18 , and Seanna Zimmerman , 13 , were listed in fair condition , the police chief said . Two other unnamed youths were treated and released , police said .	Victor Swaboski III , 38 , is a sixth-grade teacher in Pennsylvania He is suspected of driving drunk and charged with hitting 5 high school students Three of those students are hospitalized The teacher faces multiple felony charges
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Madeleine Peyroux has carved out a successful career as an interpreter of songs from greats such as Billie Holiday , Patsy Cline and Leonard Cohen . But on her fourth album , the smoky-voiced singer holds the mirror up to herself . Madeleine Peyroux takes a clear-eyed look at her life and relationships on "  Bare Bones . " "  Bare Bones " is Peyroux 's first album for which she wrote or co-wrote all the tracks . And she does n't shy away from touchy subjects . "  River of Tears " was inspired by her difficult relationship with her late alcoholic father . "  I think it 's the kind of feeling that you can get any time of your life when you just have to face some things , " she says about getting personal . "  You have to let it all hang out , let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life . And then perhaps let it float . " Watch Peyroux get personal " Born in Athens , Georgia , Peyroux  pronounced "  Peru "  spent some time in a domestic violence shelter as a child . After her parents ' divorce , she moved to Paris with her mother which is where , as a teenager , she tested her mettle as a performer by busking on the streets . Critics responded favorably to Peyroux 's 1996 debut album , "  Dreamland , " and international recognition followed with 2004 's million-selling "  Careless Love . " While Peyroux prefers to keep a fairly low profile , she took the time to talk to CNN about stripping down to the bare bones on her newest album . CNN : This is the first album where you 've written or co-written all the material . What was that like ? Madeleine Peyroux : I was just excited about it . Every day was another opportunity to keep writing for this record , so I spent a year and a half co-writing with a lot of other people as well so that I could go through different processes and get the songs written . Now I 'm singing these songs and I feel that looking back ... it was time really well spent . CNN : Was there apprehension about revealing too much about yourself ? Peyroux : No . I think of the things that I wrote on this record as stories of being a young woman walking the streets of Paris late at night in "  Our Lady of Pigalle , " or trying to touch on the Southern culture of drinking and surviving on the basic sayings that we have in order to understand what life is all about . ... But the question was ... would anybody want me to actually tell the full story from beginning to end and make sense of it ? Because in the end , I 'd like these songs to make sense to everyone and not just be my story . CNN : Tell us about the song "  River of Tears . " Peyroux : My producer , Larry Klein , had the idea . He wrote the lyrics at the beginning of the song because he had been working with me during the time my father passed away and he knew the story . ... He wrote , "  Stop all this talk , turn off the telephone . Open up another bottle . I 'm gon na float down this river of tears . " We kept writing it together . CNN : What was your relationship like with your dad ? Peyroux : Complex . ... He was a complex character . He 's definitely a big part of the material on this record . CNN : The album ends on a very uplifting note with the song "  Something Grand " and the line "  all 's forgiven . " Is it true that song was inspired by President Obama ? Peyroux : It was . ... I live in Brooklyn , New York , and I was up at 4 a.m. , the quietest hour , where the highway just slows down for about five minutes so you do n't hear any trucks banging over the potholes . I had the windows open . The debates -LSB- had been -RSB- on television . It was an exciting feeling , and we knew that there was a change coming . And I needed to know that in my bones , and I wanted to feel it . Luck would have it that Obama was elected the day that I recorded the vocals on that song . CNN : What is it about early female blues singers that captivate you ? Peyroux : I think I was probably an early teenager when I discovered Bessie Smith , Ma Rainey and a bunch of people that are on a long list of artists . They were important to me , especially as an early adolescent . ... To have a female role model that first of all touches me personally and deeply . ... They were very strong women . Bessie Smith , for example , created her own life . She ran the show , she owned a railway train . CNN : You 've had a tough life so far , have n't you ? Peyroux : Tumultuous . I think eventful ... with traveling and going through a lot of changes in my household , my family , moving around quite a bit . But -LSB- I 've had -RSB- a lot of luck , you know . So not as tough as just a little crazy . ... Music was a big part of -LSB- my luck -RSB- . And it has the power to change a lot of people from being jaded and take them back into something soothing and healing .	Madeleine Peyroux 's new album , "  Bare Bones , " is unflinching Peyroux had alcoholic father , spent time in domestic violence shelter Singer with smoky voice wants songs to be universal
CNN  The bizarre circumstances surrounding Freddie Gray 's death have inflamed tensions across the country . How could a man suffer a severe spinal cord injury after getting arrested ? And what happened in the 30 minutes before he was taken to a hospital ? Gray wavered in and out of a coma and died Sunday , one week after his arrest . It 's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury . But Gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . Here are several other cases : Date of arrest : March 31 , 2015 Date of death : March 31 , 2015 What happened : Police in Vineland , New Jersey , responded to a call of a disorderly person , and White was arrested and handcuffed . Police dispatch recordings include an officer saying White "  tried to grab my gun . " One witness , Agustin Ayala , told the Vineland Daily Journal that White was resisting arrest . But two others told WCAU that police attacked White while he was already handcuffed . "  They punched him , stomped him , kicked him and then they let the dog out of the car , " Ricardo Garcia told the station . "  The dog bit him on his face and around his body . There 's no call for that . Once a man is handcuffed and unconscious , you should have stuck him in the patrol car and take him to the police station . " Witness Luis Martinez gave a similar account . "  The other cop let the dog out , and they just kept punching him and the dog kept biting him at the same time , " Martinez told WCAU . "  He was on the floor , like he was knocked out . " As White was taken to a hospital , he became unresponsive , NJ.com reported . He was pronounced dead at the hospital . The aftermath : The Cumberland County Prosecutor 's Office has been investigating White 's death , and officials have been waiting for the results of White 's autopsy to learn the exact cause of death , NJ.com said . Two Vineland officers have been placed on administrative leave . And after Vineland police received criticism on its Facebook page about White 's case , the department started hiding unfavorable comments , the Press of Atlantic City reported . An activist filed an Open Public Records Act request , saying the department 's official Facebook page was a matter of public record . Vineland police later restored the critical comments on its page . Date of arrest : March 2 , 2014 Date of death : March 2 , 2014 What happened : Sheriff 's deputies in New Iberia , Louisiana , claimed White shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car -- even though White had been frisked and handcuffed . "  Short of him being Houdini or David Copperfield , it 's not possible , " White family attorney Carol Powell-Lexing said . The incident began when authorities were responding to a fight in a gas station parking lot . About six blocks from the store , an Iberia Parish deputy saw White and stopped him , state police said . According to the service report from the Sheriff 's Office , Cpl. Justin Ortis received no description of the men involved in the fight . He was told only that they were black , "  and one of the males mentioned having a gun , " the report said . White consented to a pat-down , and Ortis found marijuana in his pocket . Attorney Benjamin Crump said that detail makes the official narrative even more suspicious . "  If you pat someone down and you can feel a small package of marijuana , would n't you feel a gun ? " he said . State police said once White arrived at the police station , he refused to get out of the patrol car . "  As the deputy requested assistance from other deputies , White produced a handgun and fired one round , striking himself in the back , " state police said . White was pronounced dead at a local hospital . The aftermath : An autopsy concluded White 's death was a suicide -- but said he was shot in the chest , not in the back , like police had said . The autopsy report also said White was "  reportedly in a locked patrol car with his hands handcuffed behind him when officers heard a shot and found the decedent slumped over . " State police have handed over their investigation to prosecutors , who said a decision wo n't be made until a federal civil rights investigation wraps up . Date of police encounter : July 5 , 2011 Date of death : July 10 , 2011 What happened : Officers in Fullerton , California , were responding to a call about a homeless man looking into car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars . Video of the incident showed Thomas , who was schizophrenic , slow to cooperate . Fullerton police Officer Manuel Ramos then tells him : "  You see my fists ? They 're getting ready to f -- you up . " Thomas , who is unarmed and shirtless , stands and another officer walks over . They hit him with their batons and hold him on the ground as he begs for help . "  OK , I 'm sorry , dude . I 'm sorry ! " he screams . At one point , Thomas says he ca n't breathe . The officers tell him to lie on his stomach , put his hands behind his back and relax . Toward the end of the beating , the video shows , Thomas cries out for his father : "  Dad ! Help me . Help me . Help me , Dad . " By the end of the video , he is lying in a pool of blood . The aftermath : The Orange County coroner ruled Thomas ' death a homicide and said he died after having his chest compressed , leaving him unable to breathe . Thomas ' mother , Cathy Thomas , received a $ 1 million settlement from the city of Fullerton . Officer Ramos was charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli was charged of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . Both pleaded not guilty . In 2014 , a jury acquitted both Ramos and Cicinelli . Date of arrest : September 6 , 2013 Date of death : September 7 , 2013 What happened : Azucena was arrested after running a red light and leading Los Angeles police on a chase . Over the next half hour , Azucena repeatedly said he had asthma and could n't breathe , the Los Angeles Times reported . Officers continued ignoring him . "  Help me , help me , help me , " he said , according to a report by the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners . "  I ca n't breathe . I ca n't breathe . Help me , please . " "  You can breathe just fine , " one sergeant told him , according to the Times . "  You can talk , so you can breathe . " He did n't breathe for much longer . Azucena was so weak that officers had to carry him to a station 's holding cell for booking and left him face-down on the floor , the Times reported . By the time paramedics arrived , Azucena 's heart had stopped . The aftermath : A coroner concluded that asthma probably killed Azucena and that his death was an accident . Last month , the Los Angeles City Council unanimously agreed to a $ 1.35 million settlement for Azucena 's mother , the Times said . The investigation into the officers ' actions is ongoing . Date of arrest : November 19 , 2013 Date of death : November 19 , 2013 What happened : An officer in Durham , North Carolina , was taking Huerta to the police station for a second-degree trespassing violation . The Durham Police Department said the teen died from a self-inflicted gunshot while handcuffed in the back of the squad car . Durham police Chief Jose Lopez said gunshot residue tests were conducted on Huerta and the arresting officer , and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation "  found that Huerta was wearing gloves and that his gloves had a saturation of gunshot residue on it . Officer  Samuel  Duncan 's revealed that he had no gunshot residue on his hands . " But Huerta 's family , like Victor White 's family in Louisiana , suspect foul play by police . The aftermath : Hundreds of protesters took to the streets of Durham to decry Huerta 's death . Some carried banners that read , "  Fue Matado Por La Policia " or "  Murdered By Police . " A vigil for Huerta turned violent , with six people arrested . The police chief said that as a Hispanic , he had trouble believing the allegations among the Hispanic community that Durham police unfairly target Latinos . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Police say Victor White III and Jesus Huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars Report : Police ignored Jorge Azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe Kelly Thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in Fullerton , California
CNN  -- Call David X. Cohen a nerd all you like , but never call him a geek . To the co-creator of "  Futurama , " the term "  nerd " is a compliment . "  I feel like with ` nerd culture , ' -LSB- it sounds like -RSB- the nerds have triumphed , " he said . ` Geek ' has a negative connotation . I 'd rather be called a nerd . I love being called a nerd . " Back in 2003 , this particular nerd could n't believe it was all over for "  Futurama . " "  When we were canceled by Fox , we thought that was it , " Cohen recalled . "  We really did n't have any expectations at the time . It was really emotional because we spent four years locked in a dark room working on the show . I went on with my life and wrote a couple of pilots . " As the years went by , the network Adult Swim  a Time Warner property , along with CNN  started airing reruns of "  Futurama " along with "  Family Guy . " "  Family Guy 's " ratings and DVD sales convinced Fox to give it a second chance , and the rest is history . "  Futurama 's " ratings were similarly high , and once "  Family Guy " started putting feature-length episodes on DVD , a light bulb went off in Cohen 's head . " ` Family Guy ' blazed the trail with direct-to-DVD movies and got back on the air , " he said . "  We called Fox and told them every six months that , hey , ` Futurama ' is even more fitting for direct-to-DVD . " Finally , in 2007 , fans had their "  Futurama " back , in not one , but four direct-to-DVD movies . As a result of those sales , Comedy Central is starting a new season of the show on Thursday night . The first order of business : wrapping up what happened at the end of the last movie , when Fry , Leela , Bender and the rest of the crew were sucked into a wormhole . "  Our first episode is ` Rebirth , ' which is metaphorical but a surprisingly literal term -- our crew members are going to suffer some serious physical harm , " Cohen explained . "  Not for the squeamish , necessarily , but we will see the rebirth process as science has it in the year 3000 . " The most exciting new thing about this season of "  Futurama , " according to Cohen , is that it 's , well , new . "  I want to reassure our fans that this will be the real classic ` Futurama ' back to its original form . They supported us , and we want to repay them . " For fans who are probably wondering what happened between Fry and Leela , last seen kissing before that climactic trip , Cohen said their questions will be answered , all in good time : "  We 're going to be dealing with the surprising sci-fi consequences of that relationship . " Former Vice President Al Gore will also provide his voice , once again , just in time for the holidays . "  The holiday special 's going to focus on the future versions of Christmas , Kwanzaa and ` Robanukah , ' which Bender made up to get off of work . Gore will make his record-breaking fourth guest appearance , " Cohen said . "  We will have the classic pairing of Gore and Coolio , making his third appearance , playing Kwanzaa-bot . " "  Futurama " also has a big milestone to celebrate , thanks to that Comedy Central pickup : "  We will have our 100th episode with Mark Mothersbaugh and Devo . Leela leads the mutant people who live under the sewers in an uprising against the surface people . " iReporters love Futurama So what kind of brain power does it take to write a show with so many jokes revolving around nerdy topics ? "  My master 's degree -LSB- in physics and theoretical computer science -RSB- puts me in the middle of the pack -- we have had three science PhDs in our writers room , so no one is impressed with my master 's degree , " Cohen joked . "  We do sneak in a high-level math or physics equation , and we know few people get them , but they are hidden in the background , and we 'll reward a few viewers and hopefully make them lifelong ` Futurama ' fans . " One example of such nerdy humor will actually come to the forefront in the near future . "  Our tenth episode of the new season is written by Dr. Ken Keeler , and it involves the characters switching minds , and it becomes very complicated due to the nature of this to work our way back to the original body , and requires solving a mathematical problem , " Cohen explained . "  Ken actually proved a theorem critical to resolving the episode . We 're going to present a ` Futurama ' theorem . " Cracking jokes and breaking new scientific ground at the same time ? Fans of "  Futurama , " nerdy or otherwise , would n't want it any other way .	Seven years after being canceled by Fox , "  Futurama " is back -- on Comedy Central Co-creator David X. Cohen : " -LSB- Fans -RSB- supported us and we want to repay them " Cliffhanger from the end of the direct-to-DVD movies will be resolved Former Vice President Al Gore plays himself for the fourth time
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama asked Congress Friday for more power to streamline and reorganize the federal government , a move designed to claim the political middle ground in an election likely to be dominated by questions about Washington 's role in the economy . The president asked legislators to grant him the authority to merge agencies that perform similar functions . If that power is granted , Congress would be required to hold an up-or-down vote on the president 's streamlining plan within 90 days of its submission . Among other things , the president 's plan would combine several agencies that focus on commerce and trade , including the Small Business Administration , the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative , the Export-Import Bank , the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade and Development Agency . Under the move , the Commerce Department as currently constituted would be eliminated . Some of its responsibilities would be shifted to a new department yet to be named , while other functions would be shifted elsewhere . In the meantime , the president is elevating the Small Business Administration to a Cabinet-level agency -- a largely symbolic move that does not require congressional approval . "  No business or nonprofit leader would allow this kind of duplication or unnecessary complexity in their operations , " Obama told a group of business leaders and administration officials at the White House . "  So why is it OK for our government ? It 's not . It has to change . " The proposal is designed initially to save up to $ 3 billion over the next decade , partly by cutting up to 2,000 jobs through attrition , according to the administration . Obama noted Friday that presidents starting in the midst of the Great Depression were authorized to submit federal reorganization plans to Congress for a guaranteed up-or-down vote . That authority , however , expired in 1984 . "  When this process was left to follow the usual Congressional pace , not surprisingly , it slowed down , " Obama said . "  Congressional committees fought to protect their turf . Lobbyists fought to keep things unchanged because they 're the only ones who can navigate the bureaucracy . And because it 's always easier to add than to subtract in Washington , inertia prevented any real reform from happening . " Obama 's plan -- building on a promise made in last year 's State of the Union address to streamline government -- could help to place the president in a more centrist position heading into the election , political analysts note . It could also put congressional Republicans in a politically awkward position by forcing them to either accept the plan -- thereby handing Obama a political win -- or reject it and risk ceding a core conservative issue to the president . "  President Obama is trying to counter the perception that he is a big-government liberal , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  If he gets his way and can brag about reorganizing the government , that may help him in the fall . " On the other hand , Holland noted , "  when then-Vice President Al Gore was put in charge of a ` Reinventing Government ' initiative under Bill Clinton , it did n't seem to affect views of Gore in that regard , possibly because few Americans really noticed . " Skeptical Republicans questioned both the merit and the timing of Obama 's announcement . "  Given the president 's record of growing government , we 're interested to learn whether this proposal represents actual relief for American businesses or just the appearance of it , " said Brendan Buck , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  American small businesses are more concerned about this administration 's policies than from which building in Washington they originate . We hope the president is n't simply proposing new packaging for the same burdensome approach . " Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said that "  after presiding over one of the largest expansions of government in history , and a year after raising the issue ... it 's interesting to see the president finally acknowledge that Washington is out of control . " Republicans frequently cite the rapid growth in deficit spending over the last three years as an example of explosive government growth under Obama . Democrats insist such spending was necessary to prevent a deeper economic downturn . California Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , criticized the administration for allegedly not working more closely with Congress on earlier reorganization efforts . "  I stand ready to work with President Obama on proposals to reorganize federal agencies , " Issa said in a written statement . "  While I have been disappointed that the White House has not embraced earlier bipartisan congressional efforts seeking collaborative engagement on proposals to reorganize government , I hope this announcement represents the beginning of a sincere and dedicated effort to enact meaningful reforms . " Issa noted a letter sent last March from several congressmen to the White House seeking "  a tentative timeline for development and implementation of  a  reorganization proposal . " CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report	Obama plan would replace the Commerce Department Obama elevates the Small Business Administration to a Cabinet-level agency Plan could save $ 3 billion by cutting 2,000 jobs through attrition GOP spokesman says proposal only comes after years of government growth
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday warned participants in the climate change conference in Copenhagen that they are "  running out of time " to reach an agreement on what to do about global warming . Critics say those attending the United Nations Climate Change Conference , which began December 7 , have made little or no headway toward developing a plan . U.S. officials in Copenhagen and at the White House confirmed that talks broke down Wednesday after the Chinese rejected American demands that they commit to transparency regarding their emissions reductions . Without mentioning China by name , Clinton said their continued refusal would be "  kind of a deal breaker for us . " The uncertainty over whether a deal could be reached before talks end Friday led to speculation that President Barack Obama might not travel to Copenhagen as planned , but White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters he would leave Thursday evening . "  We all know there are real challenges that remain in the hours left to these negotiations , " Clinton said . "  And it is no secret that we have lost precious time in these past days . In the time we have left here , it can no longer be about us versus them . "  We all face the same challenge together , " she added . "  We 're running out of time . It 's unfortunate that there have been problems with the process , difficulties with certain parties being willing to come to the table , all kinds of discussions and disagreements , sometimes about the past rather than about the future . " Without mentioning China by name , Clinton said that nation 's continued refusal to come to the table would be "  kind of a deal breaker for us . " Gibbs said the Chinese "  balked " at the "  strong transparency requirement , " and he "  hoped they would reconsider . " "  The president is going to travel in hopes of making progress for a strong operational agreement , " Gibbs said . "  There are no changes in the president 's plans . " The agreement Obama is hoping for out of Copenhagen would not be a treaty , nor would it be legally binding . Gibbs acknowledged it would be "  a political agreement that would lead to a treaty " later . The last time the president traveled to Copenhagen -- in October to try to win the 2012 Olympic bid for Chicago -- he came back empty-handed . "  Coming back with an empty agreement would far worse , " Gibbs said Thursday . Clinton said the United States is concerned about the ability of needy nations to do their part . The United States is willing to work with other countries to raise $ 100 billion by 2020 to address the climate-change needs of developing nations , she said . She told delegates that the United States already has joined an effort to provide more immediate funding that would reach $ 10 billion in 2012 . "  After a year of diplomacy , we have come to Copenhagen ready to take the steps necessary to achieve a comprehensive and operational new agreement that will provide a foundation for long-term , sustainable economic growth , " Clinton said . "  We have now reached the critical juncture in these negotiations . I understand that the talks have been difficult . I know that our team , along with many others , are working hard and around the clock to forge a deal , " she said . "  But the time is at hand for all countries to reach for common ground and take an historic step that we can all be proud of . " Clinton 's announcement was "  enormously encouraging , " Tim Flannery , an internationally known zoologist , conservationist and explorer , said on CNN 's "  Amanpour . " Clinton proposed several core elements that should be included in any plan : decisive national actions ; an operational accord "  that internationalizes those actions " ; technical and other assistance for needy nations that are "  the most vulnerable and least prepared to meet the effects of climate change ; and standards of transparency that provide credibility to the entire process . " "  The world community should accept no less , " she added . Kandeh Yumkella , director-general of the U.N. Industrial Development Organization , said on "  Amanpour " he is optimistic that leaders can strike a deal before the conference ends . "  Compared to yesterday , what we have now is that the negotiators have hunkered down , " he said . "  They 're actually in drafting committees . " Flannery agreed . "  If the U.S. can commit to another couple of percent in terms of cuts  in emissions  , if the Chinese can increase their efficiency gains by 5 percent , that 'll probably be enough to bring the Europeans on board for a 30 percent target , and then we 'll be there . " Meanwhile , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who suggested the initial estimate of about $ 100 billion a year by 2020 to reduce emissions , urged leaders Thursday to reach an agreement that would limit "  long-term , global temperature increases " to no more than 2 degrees . According to the 10 Downing Street Web site , Brown told the conference that wealthier countries must commit to provide immediate funding for developing countries to reach such a goal . He recommended that financing start in January , with nations providing $ 10 billion a year by 2012 . He called on developing countries to commit to ambitious mitigation actions to handle climate change . "  To the developed world I say : Environmental action is the most powerful engine of job creation in an economy urgently in need of millions of new jobs . "  To the developing world I say : The technology now exists to gain the dividends of a high-growth economy without incurring the damage of a high-carbon economy . "  And to all nations I say : It is not enough for us to do the least we can get away with when history asks that we demand the most of ourselves . "	U.S. joins an effort to mobilize "  fast-start " funding for developing counties . Talks intended to agree a global limits on carbon emissions to replace Kyoto U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to join the talks Friday Japan , EU pledge more than $ 20 billion in climate aid to developing nations
CNN  -- Misano is home from home for Italian legend Valentino Rossi so it was fitting he would secure his first win of the 2014 season at the circuit on the Adriatic Riviera Sunday and reach another milestone in his remarkable career . The nine-time world motorcycling champion took his 107th victory and surpassed 5,000 grand prix points , over 4,000 in the premier MotoGP class . Rossi took the lead early from pole sitter and Honda teammate Jorge Lorenzo but was being chased by Marc Marquez when the dominant title leader went down on the Rio corner on the 10th lap . Marquez was able to restart his Yamaha but his chances of victory were over and and he finished 15th . Rossi , whose last win came at Assen in 2013 , went on to claim the San Marino GP with Lorenzo and Marquez 's teammate Dani Pedrosa completing the podium . Rossi 's home town of Tavullia is a few kilometers from Misano and his win was greeted with delight by his supporters . "  I had a good start to the race and battled with Marc and Jorge , I knew Marc wanted to stay in front . After I saw the board and understood that he had crashed or something it was a little easier as I already had a small advantage over Jorge , " he told the official MotoGP website . "  It has been five years since my last victory here , a similar race too , it 's like a time machine , " he added . Marquez said he was pleased to be able to recover after his tumble . "  I saw the possibility of fighting with Valentino for the victory , but that was not possible in the end because of the mistake , I was riding over the inside of the rumble strip and that meant that I lost the front , " he said . "  Luckily I was able to rejoin the race , continue with a good pace and score a point that could always come in handy in the future . " Marquez remains firmly in command in search of his second straight title with 289 points , but Rossi has closed to within a point of Pedrosa , 214 to 215 , in the battle for second place . Pedrosa was taking his ninth podium of the season , edging out another home hope , Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso . Andrea Iannone  Pramac Racing  impressed in fifth place ahead of the Monster Yamaha Tech3 pair of Pol Espargaro and Bradley Smith .	Valentino Rossi wins San Marino MotoGP at Misano First win of season for Italian legend Rossi passes 5,000 points in world championship classes Championship leader Marc Marquez crashes and finishes 15th
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer began his bid for a record sixth U.S. Open title with a straight-sets victory over American Donald Young on Monday , joining Olympic champion Andy Murray in round two . The Wimbledon champion , seeking to overtake Pete Sampras and Jimmy Connors as the grand slam 's most successful male player of the post-1967 Open era , won 6-3 6-2 6-4 against a player who reached the fourth round last year . Young , ranked 81st , had no answer to Federer 's delivery as the 31-year-old won all 18 of his first-serve points in the third set . Federer , who next plays Germany 's Bjorn Phau , won the tournament five years in a row from 2004 . However , he lost in the 2009 final and the semis the following two years as Juan Martin del Potro , Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic took the titles . "  Novak to me goes in as the favorite here still at the Open just because he 's defending champion , he probably won the most titles on hard courts in the last couple of years , it 's where he feels most comfortable , " Federer said of the Serbian , who was to start his campaign on Tuesday . "  He 's beaten me the last couple years as well , so it 's strange for me to be the favorite after just beating him a couple times . Then again , I 've had a great summer and so has Murray , and Rafa won the French -- it 's a pity he ca n't be here . " U.S. Open : Get the latest scores and match statistics World No. 4 Murray booked his place into the next round with a 6-2 6-4 6-1 victory over Alex Bogomolov Jr following a two-hour rain delay . Murray , seeded third in the absence of the injured Nadal , lost his opening game and trailed 3-1 in the second set but had few problems against the Russian . "  Only lost seven games in three sets , so I must have done something well today , " said the Scot , who next faces Croatia 's Ivan Dodig as he continues his bid for a first grand slam title , having lost the 2008 final to Federer . "  I played fairly well from the back of the court . I just would have liked to have served a bit better because I was n't getting many free points on my serve . " The only seeded player to exit on Monday was Germany 's No. 22 Florian Mayer , who retired hurt while trailing 6-3 6-2 3-2 to 243rd-ranked American Jack Sock . Sock , who turns 20 next month , will next play Italy 's Flavio Cipolla as he seeks to improve on last year 's second-round exit . Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic earned a second-round clash with Germany 's Daniel Brands , while France 's No. 16 Gilles Simon beat American Michael Russell . Japan 's 17th seed Kei Nishikori also went through along with American No. 23 Mardy Fish , Spanish trio Marcel Granollers , Fernando Verdasco and Feliciano Lopez plus France 's Jeremy Chardy -- who beat Murray in Cincinnati this month before losing to Del Potro in the quarterfinals .	Roger Federer wins his opening match to begin bid for a record sixth title Olympic gold medal winner Andy Murray also wins through to next round at U.S. Open Rain delays play in New York for two hours before Murray can finish his match Unseeded Jack Sock gets a second-round place after Florian Mayer retires hurt in third set
CNN  -- The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibiilty for two explosions Thursday at a shrine in Karachi in which at least eight people were killed and dozens injured . The suicide attack was launched at the shrine of a revered Sufi Muslim saint , Abdullah Shah Ghazi , said Zulfiqar Ali Mirza , interior minister of Sindh province . Mirza has ordered the closing of Karachi shrines until further notice . Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city , is located in Sindh province . Saghir Ahmed , Sindh 's health minister , told CNN that the victims have been brought to hospitals in Karachi and 60 people are being treated for injuries . Authorities said crews were sifting through human remains at the site . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the attack . "  The relentless attacks on ordinary Pakistani citizens by those who want to impose an extremist mindset and lifestyle upon our country will not deter our government and the Pakistan Peoples Party , " a statement from Zardari 's office said . "  We remain committed to fighting these murderers and expelling them from our land . " The attack occurred Thursday night , the busiest time at the shrine because it 's the eve of Muslim Friday prayers . Karachi and Sindh residents make pilgrimages to the shrine to offer prayers . Thursday night also is when people distribute free food to the poor , an act that is one of the five pillars of Islam .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for attack At least 60 injured in the blast at the shrine of a Sufi saint Karachi shrines are shut down for the time being President Zardari condemns the act
EW.com  -- In Brett Ratner 's adaptation of Steve Moore 's 2008 graphic novel , "  Hercules , " as played by Dwayne Johnson , is a world-weary mercenary who allows others to believe -- and perhaps embellish -- his heroic tales . Travelling with a Magnificent Seven-style band of warriors who are lured by riches to defend the beleaguered kingdom of Lord Cotys  John Hurt  , the mighty man is still haunted by nightmares of the three-headed Cerberus , and he mourns the murder of his wife and children -- though there are those who whisper that he himself killed them . When Johnson is wearing the head of the slayed Nemean lion in battle , walloping enemies with his tree-trunk sized club , and heaving charging horses to the ground with remarkable ease , he 's in his Rock comfort zone . But as a tortured hero hampered by self-doubt , Johnson labors . He 's aiming for the gravitas of Russell Crowe in "  Gladiator " and Gerard Butler in "  300 , " but he races through the moments where Hercules has to be vulnerable or jaded . And since he 's the lone person in B.C. Thrace -- a city-state populated by Ian McShane , Joseph Fiennes , and Rufus Sewell -- who did n't go to British boarding school , his careful enunciation sounds especially out of place . "  Hercules " might seem like the perfect role for The Rock , but the movie really needs a better Dwayne Johnson . EW Grade : C - See the original story at EW.com How The Rock became ` Hercules ' Review : ` Lucy ' has no boundaries Ben Affleck will be a great Batman , Adam West says CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is an adaptation of a graphic novel Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson stars Reviewer says Johnson labors as a tortured hero
CNN  -- Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who is being treated in Saudi Arabia after an attack on his compound , will return to Yemen on Friday , senior adviser Ahmed Al-Soufi told CNN . The ruling GPC party said the president will be received by celebrations , but anti-government demonstrators throughout the country likely would not welcome his return . Yemeni security forces and pro-revolution armed tribesmen have been clashing intermittently in Taiz City starting late Tuesday night , according to eyewitnesses . The clashes have been in the Al-Hoban and Kalabah areas of the city , approximately 1 kilometer  half-mile  west of Freedom Square , according to eyewitnesses . Residents also report hearing gunfire in the city . Taiz is one of the epicenters for the anti-government movement in Yemen The protesters are demanding that Saleh leave office , and there were celebrations in the streets when he left for treatment . "  Saleh 's arrival back to Yemen is not a surprise ; we said all along that he is traveling for medical treatment and , like any other president in the world , is expected to be back to his country and continue with the role of leadership , " said Yasser Al-Yamani , a senior Saleh aide . Al-Soufi said Saudi doctors have given Saleh the green light to return home . "  When he is back , he will rule as normal and the country will continue to be under his control . Saleh will return strong and the will of the people will stand against any other will , " he said . Saleh will rule until the end of his term in 2013 , Al-Soufi added . Opposition leaders called news of Saleh 's return false rumors . "  The ruling party are experts in lying and that is why we are not taking their comments seriously , " said Hasan Zaid of the opposition Haq party . Khaled Al-Anesi , prominent Yemeni rights activist and a leading figure in the youth revolutionary movement , said the "  youth are now coordinating with the political powers here in Yemen in preparation for the post-Saleh era " and noted that it is "  impossible for Saleh to come back . " "  The youth have the backing of the international community and the Saleh era is over , " he said . "  Yemenis will not allow Saleh back in Yemen and he is smart enough to know that he is not wanted anymore and that Yemenis have decided to live without him . " Wassem Al-Qirshi -- representative of the revolution youth organizing committee , the largest of the groups that comprise the youth revolutionary movement -- said "  the youth want to coordinate and create a transition council but we are trying to involve all political factions in the process except the ruling party . " In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said at the briefing Tuesday that she was not aware of reports that Saleh planned to return to Yemen Friday . But she added , "  Whether he stays in Saudi Arabia , whether he goes back , our request is the same : He needs to sign the GCC agreement and we need to move on with the transfer to a more democratic , progressive Yemen . " Saleh had voiced agreement with the plan by the Gulf Cooperation Council , a group of six Persian Gulf states , for his gradual departure , but he refused to sign it . Government forces have been locked in conflict with al Qaeda 's Yemen wing , and authorities fear the group , called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , is exploiting the political instability . It has a strong presence in southern Yemen . Many people have fled their homes because of violence . Close to 45,000 people in southern Yemen have been displaced , particularly in Aden , Lahj and Abyan provinces , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimated this week . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunfire heard in Taiz City , eyewitnesses say The U.S. State Department is not aware of Saleh 's plans , a spokeswoman says President Ali Abdullah Saleh will return home from Saudi Arabia Friday , a senior adviser says Opposition leaders discount Saleh 's return as false rumors
CNN  -- Rob Lowe 's vacation in France took a scary turn on Wednesday because of one very bad storm . The 50-year-old actor and his family had to be rescued from their vacation home in Grasse , France , after heavy downpours caused frightening floods . "  That 's the first floor of our house submerged , " Lowe 's son Johnny captioned an Instagram photo that has since been removed . "  Scariest hour or so of my life . " Lowe shared another photo of the rapidly moving water , which was "  right outside the house , " he wrote . "  Was twice as high at the worst , just before sunrise . " Local officials told People magazine that the Lowes had just experienced "  the biggest storm of the year . " "  Water rising like that can be terrifying , " one official said to the magazine . "  There 's only one rescue station in Grasse , and this storm required assistance from several other regional units . We were called out on a lot of emergency rescues yesterday . " The Lowe family was one of them . As the "  Parks and Recreation " star 's son shared on Twitter , the family is grateful to the first responders who came through . "  Thank you to the fireman that saved us from this nightmare , " Johnny posted . "  Happy for us all to be safe , thoughts to others . "	Rob Lowe and his family had to be rescued while on vacation in France The family 's vacation home was affected by a massive storm The family is thankful to the first responders who rescued them
CNN  -- Two pilots in northern California were lucky to be alive Monday after they escaped a midair collision without serious injuries . A helicopter clipped a small plane in the skies over northern California on Sunday evening , sending both crashing to the ground , CNN affiliate KCRA reported , citing the Sacramento County Sheriff 's Office . The collision snapped off the helicopter 's tail , but firefighters found the pilot sitting in the car of a driver who had stopped to help , the station said . "  She was a little shaken up , but she was completely with it , " said Capt. Brandon Wilson of the Rio Vista Fire Department . "  Initially , she did n't want to go to the hospital . "  The person that was flying it was very lucky -- very lucky -- to walk away pretty much uninjured . " The helicopter , a Robinson R22 , went down about eight miles south of the Rio Vista Airport , between San Francisco and Sacramento . It collided with a single-engine Beechcraft Bonanza , which landed near Byron Airport , some 20 miles to the south , said Ian Gregor of the Federal Aviation Administration . Footage of the helicopter showed it resting in a field . KCRA said its severed tail rotor landed about 50 feet away from the fuselage . The plane 's pilot was not injured . "  Absolutely a best-case scenario , very lucky for everybody involved , " Wilson said . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report	The helicopter pilot is "  very lucky to be able to walk away , " a fire official says The helicopter crashes between San Francisco and Sacramento The plane lands near Byron Airport , south of the helicopter crash
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former Playboy centerfold Cassandra Lynn Hensley was found dead at a friend 's home in Los Angeles , the coroner said Friday . Hensley was 34 . The autopsy on Playboy 's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday , but the determination of the cause of death has been deferred until toxicology testing is completed , Los Angeles County coroner 's Lt. Joe Bale said . Lab results usually take several weeks to become available . The model 's body was found at 9 a.m. Wednesday in a home in the Marina Del Rey area , Bale said . Hensley , who lived in Fairfax , Virginia , told Philadelphia 's Metropolis Nights magazine last month that there was "  life after Playboy . " "  I have been a part of many great experiences : travel shows , magazine covers , and of course giving advice to young impressionable girls who think they need to act a certain way for a chance to be a model -- classy not slutty , " she told the magazine . People we 've lost in 2014	The autopsy on Playboy 's Miss February 2006 was done Thursday It will take several weeks before a cause of death is determined , coroner says Her body was found Wednesday
CNN  -- Yahoo has joined the browser wars with Axis , its very own tool designed to enhance its search with a clear eye toward the rapidly expanding mobile Web . Axis , the company announced late Wednesday , is a stand-alone app currently available for Apple mobile devices like the iPhone and iPad and on desktops as an add-on to established browsers like Explorer , Firefox , Chrome and Safari . Yahoo special project director Ethan Batraski wrote on the company 's search blog that "  with a mobile-first focus , " the company "  set out to completely re-think and re-design how users search and browse the Web . " The result was Axis , a visual-rich tool that aims to combine searching and browsing into one experience . On mobile devices , a query returns thumbnail images of actual Web pages instead of a list of links . People can use the touchscreen to scroll and choose a page . Early reviews have been positive for the mobile version of the tool , which addresses the rising percentage of time Web users spend accessing the Internet on phones and tablets . "  Mobile is where the action is , so it makes sense that Yahoo threw the bulk of its development love into the tablet and smartphone versions , " wrote CNET 's Rafe Needleman . "  On the iPad , Axis is simply a great browser . The integrated search feature is intuitive , and being able to move through search results without having to go back to search makes sense . After only a few minutes using it I thought , Why has n't Google done this yet ? It 's that good . " A pull-down feature lets users flip back and forth between a Web page and their search results . It also features search bookmarking and integration with Pinterest . Users can also integrate Axis among multiple devices , saving a personal homepage and searches on phone , tablet and desktop computers . The tool 's main page also shows "  trending " searches at any given time . On the desktop version , Axis appears as a small search box in the bottom left corner of the browser window , allowing people to keep using whatever browser they like . The unveiling of Axis comes as Yahoo is trying to jockey for position among the big three of Web search -- Google , Microsoft 's Bing and Yahoo Search . Google controls about 64 % of the search market , according to March numbers from Experian Hitwise . Yahoo  which is powered by Bing  had about 16 % of the market , while Bing itself accounted for another 14 % . E.B. Boyd , of Fast Company , writes that the release of Axis marks a new charge in the browser wars , as all three companies work to revamp , and redefine , Web search . Boyd wrote : "  The three leaders in this space have each realized that the conventional paradigms for search , architected over a decade ago when bandwidth was low , few people used the Web for more than research , and almost all computing was done at desktops , no longer work in an age of mobile apps , multiple devices , big data , and ever greater expectation on the part of the consumer that working online is about getting things done , not just perusing documents . "	Yahoo launches Axis , a "  search browser " with a focus on mobile Axis returns search results as thumbnails of the actual Web pages Yahoo currently has about 16 % of the Web search market Google and Microsoft 's Bing also are working on innovations
CNN  -- Would you buy a secondhand car from Li Tian You ? You probably do n't have a choice . For more than 10 years , she has been selling used cars in Dongguan , a factory town in southern China , and she knows every trick in the book . "  I 've already sold four cars today . No , five , " she says as she guides us through the Dongguan Used Cars Trading Center , which mainly sells Western and Japanese cars . Now , she is looking to score her sixth sale of the day . "  This Volkswagen is very good , " she says as she opens the door to a 2006 Jetta Sedan , starts the engine and offers me a seat . Loud Chinese pop music starts pumping from the sound system . "  It has only had one previous owner , " she continues , "  And that was me . So I know it 's a good buy . I promise . " Asked about the price , she immediately shaves off 15 % -- just for me -- to RMB 68,000  $ 10,900  , and continues the pitch . "  Volkswagen is very safe . This is the best car if you have a family . " "  But if you want to find a new girlfriend , you buy a Mercedes-Benz , " she says with a wink . In with the old It 's not only at Dongguan Used Cars Trading Center that business is booming . All across the country small and big car markets are popping up in response to the growing demand . Secondhand cars used to be a hard sell in China as owning one is associated with settling for less . But things are rapidly changing as drivers realize they can get a decent car for a reasonable price when they buy secondhand . Last year , the number of used cars in China increased by 8.6 % to 5.2 million units , while the turnover grew 10.6 % to RMB 291 billion , according to the China Automotive Distribution Industry And Automotive Aftermarket Report . There 's plenty of room for further growth . Today , used vehicles make up only 19.1 % of total car sales volume in China , compared with 72.4 % in the United States . Nasdaq-listed China Auto Logistics , which buys and sells imported cars , has identified used cars as a market with long-term growth potential . It is transforming a newly acquired 26,000-square-meter auto mall in Tianjin into a flagship site for its used car business . "  Used cars sales have become a much bigger slice of the auto sales pie in China , and we see a major opportunity for Car King Tianjin in the years ahead , " said CEO Tong Shiping in a statement this month referring to China Auto Logistics ' used car flagship store . A used car salesman Liu Xiao Mei , CEO of Antong Used Cars in Dongguan , says business has been good over the last decade as Chinese drivers increasingly upgrade to new cars and sell their old ones . "  When we started the company in 2004 , it was just a very small shop . But it has grown bigger and bigger . Things look bright , " says Liu . Her company focuses on high-end used cars and has more than 100 vehicles gleaming in the parking lot . Today , she has an unbelievable offer , an almost brand new Mercedes-Benz E260 that has only run 100 kilometers , for no more than RMB 438,000 . "  The former owner lost all his money at the casino in Macau and had to sell it . He never had the chance to drive it , " she says and slashes the price by another RMB 18,000 in the hopes that I will buy it . "  What makes our company different from all others is that we promise that our customers get the perfect car , " she says . "  Shall we step into my office ? " It 's hard to cast aside stereotypes of used car salespeople having a loose relationship with the truth . During our quest to buy a used car in China , we found that the market is quite opaque . First , it 's extremely fragmented . Some used car markets are as big as football stadiums , packed with countless dealers and brands of varying quality . But more commonly , shops are tiny , with just a few cars parked by the side of the road . Often there are no staff manning the shops . Customers must call a phone number and normally -- but not always -- a salesperson comes running . Since the market is young , price comparison is difficult . A number of peer-to-peer mobile apps and websites have been launched to serve as a benchmark for pricing , but finding accurate and consistent information is still a problem , which makes it easier for dealers to push their margins . Safety first A bigger concern though is that a large share of the used cars on offer have a road accident record . The first thing many car dealers in Dongguan say to costumers is "  this car has not been in an accident " or "  this one has been in an accident but is totally safe now . " Vincent Yin , a 30-year-old businessman from Dongguan who is having his car valued at Antong Used Cars , says that buying used cars in China is a gamble . "  Many of the cars are of very bad quality . Old cars sometimes get a superficial facelift with new paint to hide rust and scratches . How they look on the inside is difficult to know . I never trust a car dealer . " Yin is particularly wary of cars that were made by Chinese brands as they have a reputation for being unsafe . "  I believe Chinese cars often do n't pass the NCAP test . Chinese car manufacturers hate this test , " says Yin , referring to the New Car Assessment Program , the European car safety crash test . The first time a Chinese car earned the full five stars in the test was in late 2013 . It was a Qoros 3 compact sedan . Yin 's advice to anyone buying a used car is to visit the markets , check prices online , and ignore the salespeople . "  If you have friends in the police force , ask them to check up the car 's accident report . Then you give the dealer an offer , " he says .	Last year , the number of used cars in China increased by 8.6 % to 5.2 million units Used vehicles make up only 19.1 % of total car sales in China , compared with 72.4 % in the U.S. The Chinese used car market is opaque , with smooth-talking salespeople and a wide price range Local driver warns against safety issues with used cars
CNN  -- A preliminary investigation report into last month 's Lion Air crash into the sea off Bali has called on the budget carrier to implement several safety and pilot training recommendations . The report by Indonesia 's National Transportation Safety Committee found the 24-year-old co-pilot , with 1,200 hours flying experience , could not see the runway upon approach and handed controls to the pilot at an altitude of 150 feet  45 meters  moments before the crash . The plane , a Boeing 737-800 manufactured in February and only used by Lion Air since March , was found to be airworthy and had only 142 hours of flying time . It missed the runway , landing on the sea just off Bali 's international airport on April 13 . The plane was carrying 101 passengers and seven flight crew . All were evacuated and four passengers were treated for serious injuries . The committee 's report issued safety recommendations to the airline in order to ensure pilots were trained to follow correct procedure in handing over flight controls during critical moments and times . It also called on the airline to "  review the policy and procedures regarding the risk associated with changeover of control at critical altitudes or critical times . " The altitude at which the co-pilot handed control of the plane to his colleague was below the minimum altitude considered safe to continue final descent . The preliminary report did not indicate the exact cause of the crash , stating that the plane had maintained a constant course . The airline , which operates under the official name Lion Mentari , is banned from European airspace due to safety concerns , according to the European Union . Lion Air was a domestic airline virtually unknown outside of the archipelago nation of 6,000 inhabited islands until it struck two of the world 's biggest ever aircraft orders . In late 2011 , Boeing made its largest single aviation sale -- 230 planes totaling $ 21.7 billion -- to Lion Air . In March this year it inked a deal with Airbus for 234 planes , totaling $ 24 billion . Lion Air first took to the skies in 2000 .	Preliminary report did not outline cause of the Bali crash Issued several safety recommendations to Lion Air around pilot training Plane missed runway , landed in water in April
CNN  -- Laszlo Csatary , the Nazi war crimes suspect who was arrested last year , has died , his lawyer told Hungarian media . He was 98 . Csatary was accused of sending more than 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp in the spring of 1944 . "  With the death of Csatary there are no further proceedings in this case , " lawyer Gabor Horvath told Hungarian state news agency MTI . He said Csatary died Saturday . Csatary was arrested in June 2012 after a Jewish rights organization discovered him living in Budapest . The Simon Wiesenthal Center considered him its most-wanted Nazi war criminal . "  This is a very unfortunate end to a saga that lasted far too long , " Efraim Zuroff , director of the center 's Israel office , said Monday . "  Csatary should have been brought to justice shortly after the war . ... We gave the Hungarian prosecutors evidence two years ago , and this should have been taken care of months ago in Budapest . " Csatary served as a senior Hungarian police officer in the city of Kosice , which is now in Slovakia but was under Hungarian rule in the 1940s , the center said . In addition to the Auschwitz deportations , Csatary was accused of participating in the deportations of 300 Jews to the Ukraine to be killed , Zuroff said . Using the last name Csizsik , Csatary arrived in Canada in 1949 , telling immigration officials he was Yugoslavian , according to The Toronto Star newspaper . Canadian authorities later investigated allegations that he had lied to immigration authorities about his past when he arrived there . Canada revoked his citizenship in 1997 and initiated an investigation . Csatary voluntarily left Canada amid deportation proceedings and returned to Hungary . After receiving tips from Zuroff , Hungarian authorities launched an investigation on Csatary in September 2011 , the center said . Csatary denied allegations against him to the British tabloid The Sun . People we 've lost in 2013	Csatary was accused of sending 15,000 Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp He was arrested last year after a Jewish rights group discovered him living in Hungary Csatary had denied allegations against him to a British tabloid Lawyer : "  With the death of Csatary there are no further proceedings in this case "
CNN  -- In his bid to replicate Barcelona 's unprecedented success at Bayern Munich , Josep Guardiola has a secret weapon -- a gold medal-winning water polo player . In front of a crowded press room , and in fluent German , Guardiola outlined his pride at taking control of the recently-crowned European champions on Monday . Earlier this year Bayern surprised the football world by announcing Guardiola would replace Jupp Heynckes as the club 's coach for the 2013-14 football season , with the Bavarians subsequently going on to clinch an historic European , German League and German Cup treble . And as he attempts to match the success the club enjoyed under Heynckes , Guardiola will have Manuel Estiarte at his side , a man who worked with the new Bayern coach at Barca and who won Olympic gold at the Atlanta 1996 Games . "  He has participated in many Olympic Games , " said Guardiola . "  I like to take his influences from other sports , he will help us . " As well as Estiarte , Guardiola has brought three other members of his backroom staff from his Barcelona days -- assistant coach Domenec Torrent , scout and video analyst Carles Planchart and fitness coach Lorenzo Buenaventura , "  It 's great that these people were willing to follow me , " added Guardiola . "  This is a challenge also for the families , I hope that we manage it well . " Guardiola forged his reputation at Barca , where he won 14 trophies in four years , including two European Cups , between 2008 and 2012 before deciding to take a sabbatical from the sport . His achievements in Catalonia , and the style in which Barca achieved success , made the former midfielder one of the most sought after coaches in the world . But Bayern 's heritage -- the club has been crowned champions of Europe on five occasions -- tempted Guardiola . "  The decision to come to the club was based on its history and its players , " continued Guardiola . "  It 's a fresh challenge for me , my time in Barcelona was wonderful , but I needed a new challenge . "  Bayern Munich gave me the opportunity , I am prepared to give my best . I 'm ready . " Having spent the majority of his career with Barca , Guardiola is aware of the pressure that comes with working for one of the world 's biggest clubs . "  At the top clubs , you are always under pressure but I believe in myself and I accept this challenge without a problem , " said the 42-year-old . "  I will , of course , make changes , but I want to keep the level that Bayern has already achieved . " Guardiola also spoke in glowing terms of Heynckes , who has announced he will not be taking a coaching role for the new season . "  I have had no contact with Jupp Heynckes but I hope to speak with him in the next few days , " added Guardiola . "  I have a lot of respect for his achievements and it would be good to have his opinion . It 's an honor to be his successor , especially after the way his team played last season . " Earlier on Monday , Tottenham Hotspur coach Andre Villas-Boas suggested the biggest task facing Guardiola will be to impose his brand of football onto the German champions . "  His  Guardiola 's  challenge is to transport his  possession football  paradigm to another culture , " said former Porto and Chelsea manager Villas-Boas . "  It 's like what I tried to do at Chelsea : it 's counter cultural . "	Josep Guardiola unveiled as coach of Bayern Munich Former Barcelona coach takes over from Jupp Heynckes Guardiola won 14 trophies in four years as Barca coach between 2008 and 2012 His first game competitive game will be against Borussia Monchengladbach
CNN  -- With the world 's eyes on her after a media frenzy over her former partner 's alleged affair , France 's former first lady , Valerie Trierweiler , said Monday she was doing fine and told people not to worry about her . The former partner of French President Francois Hollande made her first public appearance two days after bidding farewell to the Elysee presidential palace , following global headlines about Hollande 's alleged affair with an actress . Smiling and dressed in a salmon pink top , Trierweiler addressed reporters during a trip to Mumbai , India , where she is lending her support to an anti-hunger charity . "  I feel good , I feel very happy to be here , " she told a news conference intended to highlight the work of the Action Against Hunger charity in India . "  Do not worry about me . " Trierweiler left Paris discreetly on Sunday . On arrival in Mumbai she was greeted by a media scrum , which followed her as she visited a hospital and met patients in a campaign against child malnutrition . The trip had been planned months ago . During the news conference , Trierweiler described the emotion she felt holding a young child . "  I will continue to fight against  child malnutrition  . This trip has been in the works for months . I would not have missed this engagement for anything , " she said . Goodbye message Hollande meanwhile traveled to Turkey on Monday for a state visit . The trip is his first public appearance since declaring on Saturday that his relationship with Trierweiler was over . "  I wish to make it known that I have ended my shared life  partnership  with Valerie Trierweiler , " Hollande told the Agence France-Presse news agency . Trierweiler sent a goodbye message Saturday via Twitter to the staff at the presidential palace . "  All my gratitude goes to the extraordinary people at the Elysee . I will never forget the devotion or emotion at the time of leaving , " she wrote . Hollande 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since the French magazine Closer claimed this month he 'd been having an affair with actress Julie Gayet for two years . French president says it 's over U.S. trip planned for February Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but did threaten legal action . At his first news conference of the year , Hollande said he and Trierweiler were going through "  painful moments . " The allegations had left Trierweiler 's position in some doubt ahead of a planned trip to Washington in February . She had been Hollande 's partner for several years . An arts columnist for weekly magazine Paris Match , she was not married to Hollande but assumed the role of first lady at official functions following his election in May 2012 . Last week , Trierweiler left the hospital where she had spent a week being treated for stress and fatigue , Paris Match reported . The magazine also said she would recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . Hollande , 59 , has seen his personal approval ratings plummet since his election , although this has been attributed to dissatisfaction with his leadership rather than disapproval of his private life . A recent survey by French pollster Ifop with the weekly Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than 80 % of respondents had not changed their opinion of the President based on the allegations of an affair . Hollande has four children from a previous relationship with Segolene Royal , a senior member of his Socialist Party and a 2007 presidential candidate . Royal announced their separation just after she lost the 2007 election to Nicolas Sarkozy .	Former first lady is in India to lend support to anti-hunger charity "  I feel good , I feel very happy to be here , " Valerie Trierweiler tells reporters French President Francois Hollande announced the split on Saturday Allegations about Hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenzy
CNN  -- The deputy prime minister of Belize is calling for full prosecution of those responsible for destroying a 2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid to turn it into rock for roads . "  All those found responsible for the destruction of this site should be persecuted to the full extent of the law , " read a statement from the office of Gaspar Vega , who is also the representative for the Orange Walk area in northern Belize where the Noh Mul pyramid was destroyed last week . Only a small chunk of the pyramid , which stood about 65 feet tall and was the center of a settlement of about 40,000 people in 250 B.C. , remains after backhoes and bulldozers began removing the limestone slabs with which it was built last week . The pyramid stood on private land . The limestone is favored for building roads in the area , and the local chapter of the Belize Tourism Industry Association alleged in a statement that local government officials have been complicit in the destruction of ancient sites like Noh Mul . "  Noh Mul had been one of the ancient monuments with the greatest tourism development potential in northern Belize , " the association said . "  Unfortunately , such progress has been severely hampered due to the ignorance and greed of certain individuals . " "  More sites have been destroyed in Orange Walk by the Ministry of Works and others for road fill material than in any other part of the country , " the association said it was told by an unnamed senior government official . In his statement , Vega denied any involvement . "  Minister Vega also emphatically repudiates the allegation and or perception that he was involved in any way with the destruction of the Noh Mul , " the statement read . In a separate statement , Belize 's Ministry of Tourism & Culture said it had commissioned a full investigation of the Noh Mul destruction , calling it "  callous , ignorant and unforgivable . " "  Cultural landmarks such as Noh Mul are sacred artifacts of Belizean history and should be protected at all costs . This expressed disdain for our laws and policies is incomprehensible , " the ministry statement said . Archeologists had similar words for what happened to the pyramid . "  This is one of the worst that I have seen in my entire 25 years of archaeology in Belize , " John Morris , an archaeologist with the country 's Institute of Archaeology , told local channel 7NewsBelize . "  We ca n't salvage what has happened out here -- it is an incredible display of ignorance . " The institute 's director , Jaime Awe , called the destruction "  one of the worse set of blows I have felt philosophically and professionally . " Archaeologists said they would ask police to take action against both the landowner and contractor , according to local media reports . "  It is against the law ; it is against the nature act to willfully destroy an ancient monument , " Awe told News5 in Belize . "  Any willful destruction of an ancient site or monument has penalties of 10 years ' imprisonment or $ 10,000 for this kind of destruction . "	2,300-year-old Mayan pyramid ripped up for road fill Tourism board alleges involvement by government officials Tourism and culture ministy says full investigation ordered
CNN  -- Three times , Adrian Pracon prepared to die on Utoya island , a Norwegian paradise turned to hell Friday . Friends he laughed with earlier in the day fell one by one in a gunman 's hail of fire . He survived to tell a horrifying tale Saturday . When the shooting started Friday afternoon , many of the 600 people at the ruling Labour Party 's youth camp ran down a hill and to the water . The shooter came after them , screaming . "  You are all going to die ! " Pracon was one of the last ones remaining between the shooter and the water and did n't have time to take his heavy clothes or boots off . About 100 meters into the chilly water , he realized he would not make it . He would drown with all that weight . "  I felt I could n't breathe . I already swallowed too much water , " he said . "  I felt the clothes pulling me down . " He managed to swim back to shore and crouched behind a boulder with others . But the gunman found him . He was so close that Pracon could see down the barrel of his weapon . He was sure to get a direct hit . Pracon thought he was going to die . Another survivor , Otzar Fagerheim , described the gunman as having blond hair and pale skin . He carried three guns , he said . At times , he shot those guns with disarming calm , like he was shooting photographs . He even smiled , Fagerheim said . Pracon was surprised to hear the shooter speaking Norwegian . He was certain a compatriot could never commit such a heinous act . Pracon spoke back . "  Do you want to hurt a fellow Norwegian ? Please , no . Do n't shoot . " Miraculously , the gunman pointed his weapon away . Instead , he aimed for those who were desperately trying to swim to safety . As though Pracon was too easy a target . As though it was more satisfying to shoot at a group of fleeing people , Pracon thought . He heard his friends begging for help . Some fell limp on Pracon . The gunman went away but returned to find Pracon again , hiding with about 10 others . The madness started again . More rounds of gunfire . He could hear so many of them say : "  Please do n't shoot me . " One by one , their voices were silenced . A woman next to him was shot in the leg . Pracon could see her wound was gaping . Pracon clung to the dead . Tried to play dead . It was the only way he knew to survive . He heard footsteps getting closer . He could hear the heavy breathing of the man . Then , "  boom ! " Pracon 's world fell silent . His hearing was gone . But he could feel intense pain on the back of his left shoulder . He bore it , lay face down , and kept perfectly still . "  I am sure he intended to hit me in the head , " Pracon said . The gunman missed by inches . ' I had to get out of there ' That afternoon , before the carnage , Stine Renate Haheim spoke to her party 's youth about violence against women and children . It 's a big issue for the young member of parliament , who began her political career a decade ago in the youth movement . She came to idyllic Utoya island often for such gatherings -- 11 times , to be exact . It was "  the most beautiful adventure of the summer , " she said . She drew inspiration from Utoya . It was an important place for people from all over Norway to gather to discuss the future of their own nation as well as the problems plaguing other parts of the world . It was a place to get away from the daily grind , the day-to-day debates in parliament , and think big . And most of all , Haheim said , Utoya was a place of fraternity , of peace . "  We love it there , " she said . Everything changed Friday . It will be remembered from now on as a place where 85 people died , seemingly for no reason . Eskil Pedersen , a youth movement leader , assured everyone that they would be able to speak with counselors about the carnage they witnessed . "  We will not be threatened to silence , " he said . "  We will continue fighting for what we believe in . This is the best way to honor the memory of those we have now lost . We will go back to Utoya . " But it will be difficult . Haheim will hear the gunfire play over and over again in her head , just like she did Friday . After her speech Friday afternoon , she was informed about the explosion in downtown Oslo . Many of the youth camp attendees huddled for an informational meeting on what was happening to their colleagues in the government buildings . But when the shots rang out , the 600 people at the main building and surrounding camp scattered . Haheim quickly realized she should not be alone and followed others tumbling down the hill . Like Pracon , she hid behind boulders on the beach . When there was a lull in the shooting , she thought it was over . But then it started again . Terrifying minutes that seemed never-ending . She repositioned herself in another spot , away from the gunman 's sight . She found herself with a girl , shivering in her underwear , who had shed her clothes in a desperate but failed bid to swim away . Haheim took off her jacket to warm her companion . "  What is your name ? Where are you from ? Nice to meet you , " they said to each other . "  It was a conversation about nothing , " Haheim said . That 's how they found calm in that moment of fear . Haheim called her father , a police officer , on her mobile phone . "  The police are on their way , " he reassured her . She imagined that all the police and ambulances in the area had rushed to Oslo after the bombings . So her father 's words gave her relief . Maybe the madness would end soon . Shortly thereafter , she could hear helicopters overhead , and vehicles with sirens in the distance . She was one of the older people at the gathering . She felt a sense of obligation to calm the younger people around her . Some were still in their teens . "  You find some kind of way to get freakishly calm in that situation , " she said . Finally , she heard someone say : "  The police are here . We are safe . " She hugged the man next to her . But within moments , the shooting began again . They had all been deceived -- the gunman was wearing a police uniform . "  Run , run , run ! " Haheim shouted . The rocks were slippery . She stumbled , fell , picked herself up . She had to keep running . "  The only thing on my mind was that I had to get out of there , " she said . ` Bloody , bloody mess ' When real police officers finally showed up , the survivors were suspect . Were these more gunmen in uniform ? "  Everyone started screaming , crying , begging the police to throw away their weapons , " Pracon said . After about a two-hour ordeal , Pracon and Haheim were rescued -- Haheim without injury and Pracon with a gunshot wound that was closed up at the hospital . Police arrested a man the Norwegian media identified as Anders Behring Breivik , 32 , a Norwegian who apparently had taken issue with his homeland 's growing multi-culturalism . It was only many hours later , in his hospital bed , that Pracon began realizing the magnitude of the "  bloody , bloody mess . " Recuperating after stitches Saturday , Pracon said fear was setting in anew . Now he would begin to discover the names of the dead . They were friends who would never again share a laugh with him . Police and rescue teams were still combing Utoya island -- 13 boats on the water and a meter-by-meter land search , said Sven Mollekleiv , president of Norwegian Red Cross . "  We have now also mothers and fathers who do n't know if their sons or daughters are alive , " Mollekleiv said . "  They are just waiting . " Doctors cleared Pracon for solid food Saturday afternoon and he sought comfort in a plate of lasagna . "  It was a perfect dinner for me right now , " he said . A moment of joy , perhaps . But for Pracon , Haheim and other survivors of the slaughter , a long journey of healing lies ahead .	Adrian Pracon survived to tell a grim tale He was shot in the shoulder but stayed still so the gunman would think him dead Many others on Utoya island were not so lucky A member of parliament recalls how victims were fooled by the shooter 's police uniform
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Friday it had detained shipments of orange juice and concentrate from Brazil and Canada after finding traces of the unapproved fungicide carbendazim . The agency discovered the substance in 11 shipments , six from Canada and five from Brazil . The FDA said it had detained nine of the shipments because companies behind two of the shipments withdrew their import request . The fungicide is allowed in limited quantities across Europe and Latin America , but the United States banned its use in 2009 . The levels found by the FDA are below international maximum levels . Earlier this month , the FDA temporarily halted all orange juice imports after low levels of carbandazim were found in some juice shipments from Brazil . It later declared that the juice posed no health risks , but that it would analyze all incoming shipments for even trace elements of the banned fungicide . The controversy has sent orange juice prices skyrocketing . Brazil is the world 's biggest exporter , accounting for 85 % of total global exports . The United States is its second-biggest market after Europe . The FDA has collected samples from 80 shipments of orange juice . So far , 29 have tested negative for carbendazim .	U.S. government detains orange juice sent from Brazil , Canada Agency has said products posed no health risks FDA does not allow traces of unapproved fungicide
CNN  -- Last week , three teenage girls from Denver were alleged to have tried to join ISIS . The girls were stopped by FBI officials as they transited Frankfurt airport in Germany and were sent back to Colorado . The key lead in this case was n't high-tech surveillance by the National Security Agency or a tip by a government informant , but a tip to the FBI by the girls ' worried families . Assad Ibrahim , the Sudanese-American father of one of the girls , received a call from his daughter 's Denver school telling him she was missing . When he tried calling her , she did not pick up . Ibrahim went to the father of the other two girls to check whether their passports were missing . They were . The families then went to the FBI , which intercepted the girls at the Frankfurt airport . The key role that families play in preventing violent extremism is often overlooked in favor of focusing on more exotic counterterrorism measures such as the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs or the use of paid informants . In fact , a survey by the New America Foundation of 251 jihadist terrorism cases in the United States since 9/11 found that almost a third of the individuals accused of engaging in some kind of terrorist crime have been implicated by a tip from a family member or a member of the Muslim-American community . By contrast , only a little more than 1 % of these cases was generated by one of the NSA 's most controversial surveillance programs , in which the agency collected every American 's phone data for several years . Families are often critical in stopping radicalizing individuals from stepping over the edge into militant activity . Take Adam Dandach , a 20-year-old Orange County man who was charged in July with committing passport fraud in an effort to join ISIS . His mother hid his passport so he could not leave the country . When more than 20 Somali-Americans left from Minnesota after 2007 to fight for the al Qaeda affiliated Al Shabaab group in Somalia , family and community members played critical roles in the ensuing FBI investigation . After Abdirizak Bihi 's nephew , Burhan Hassan , left to fight for Al Shabaab in Somalia in November 2008 , Bihi worked to organize community cooperation with the government 's investigation . As Ralph Boelter , who oversaw the FBI 's investigation , put it in 2009 when the Justice Department unsealed charges against eight men accused of supporting Al Shabaab , "  It is through the sustained and dedicated efforts of the Minneapolis Joint Terrorism Task Force and the support of the Somali-American community that today we are able to disclose some of the significant progress we have achieved in this critical investigation . " . Families are not a panacea . Sometimes family members intervene with a radicalizing individual , but the intervention does n't work . Shannon Conley , a 19-year-old Colorado woman , pleaded guilty in September to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS . Her family sought to dissuade her from seeking to join jihadists in Syria , but their efforts failed and she was arrested on April 8 at Denver International Airport on her way to Syria . Samir Khan traveled to Yemen from Charlotte , North Carolina , in 2009 where he became the editor of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's Inspire magazine despite several attempts by his family members and elders from the local Muslim-American community to dissuade him from his militant views . Two years later Khan was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen . Sometimes a family will warn U.S. authorities about a radicalizing child , but the warning is n't sufficiently followed up on . The Nigerian "  underwear bomber , " Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , tried to blow up a bomb secreted in his underwear over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . Luckily the bomb failed to detonate . A month earlier , Abdulmuttalab 's father had gone to the U.S. Embassy in Abuja , Nigeria , and told State Department officials there that he believed his son was meeting with extremists in Yemen . The U.S. Embassy in Nigeria issued a warning to the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , but Abdulmuttalab was not put on the "  no fly " list and the center 's analysts did not make an effort to determine if Abdulmuttalab possessed a valid U.S. visa . Families are often , of course , the first to notice if a son or daughter is radicalizing and are a key bulwark against extremism . Why and how some people radicalize is a subject that is complex , but one indicator is usually unambiguous and that is that radicalizing individuals will often spend a great deal of time on jihadist websites or consuming jihadist social media . Many parents do n't have much of a clue about what is happening online , but a common sense approach if they suspect their son or daughter is radicalizing is to get a better handle on their children 's social media use and profile .	3 Colorado girls are intercepted on their way to the Middle East , allegedly to join ISIS Their families alerted authorities , who were able to find them in Frankfurt airport Peter Bergen : Families often spot signs of radicalization and alert officials More terrorism plots disrupted by families than by controversial NSA surveillance
CNN  -- The 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations were announced Wednesday morning , and as one of the leading awards show salvos in what is expected to be a competitive season , what did n't get nominated was as notable as what did . Robert Redford was left out . So was anybody from "  Inside Llewyn Davis . " "  Captain Phillips " missed out on a best ensemble nomination , and "  The Wolf of Wall Street " came up completely empty . A number of films did get good news . Awards Season 2014 "  12 Years a Slave " was nominated for four awards -- best ensemble , best male actor  Chewitel Ejiofor  , best supporting male actor  Michael Fassbender  and best supporting female actor  Lupita Nyong ` o  . Though "  12 Years " has narrowly missed topping year-end best-of lists so far -- and has even been left out entirely on some -- it 's been considered an Academy Award shoo-in since its release in October , and the SAGs do nothing to stall its momentum . On the other hand , "  August : Osage County , " the sprawling comedy-drama based on the Tracy Letts play , has been generally ignored on critics ' best-of lists .  "  Good but not great " is the consensus so far .  But it also did well at the SAG nominations , earning three nods , for ensemble , lead female actor Meryl Streep and supporting female actor Julia Roberts . "  Dallas Buyers Club " also did well , earning nominations for ensemble , lead actor Matthew McConaughey and supporting actor Jared Leto . "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " and "  American Hustle " complete the list of nominees for best ensemble , the SAG Awards ' closest equivalent to best picture . "  The Butler " also earned nods for stars Forest Whitaker  best actor  and Oprah Winfrey  female supporting actor  . Jennifer Lawrence added to "  Hustle 's " haul with a female supporting actor nomination . And "  Captain Phillips , " though snubbed in the ensemble category , picked up nominations for star Tom Hanks and a surprise nod for supporting actor Barkhad Abdi . "  Phillips " is the film debut for Abdi , a Somali immigrant who plays a ship hijacker . But there are a number of Oscar favorites that could n't get into the ring . "  Her , " the Spike Jonze work about a man who develops a relationship with a computer operating system , was completely shut out . So was "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " the new Martin Scorsese film , despite excellent early buzz . Keep up to date on who has won what with our Awards tracker Redford , whose one-man show in "  All Is Lost " has made him a favorite for best actor , was left off SAG 's list . So were Oscar Isaac  from the Coen brothers ' latest , "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " which came up completely empty  , Michael B. Jordan  "  Fruitvale Station "  and "  American Hustle 's " Amy Adams and Christian Bale . The most unlikely nominees were focused in the supporting actor category . Besides Abdi , Daniel Bruhl picked up a nomination for Ron Howard 's mostly overlooked "  Rush , " and the late James Gandolfini was honored for his work in the comedy "  Enough Said . " Though the actors ' wing represents the biggest bloc of Oscar voters , the SAG Awards are n't always a great bellwether of best picture success at the Academy Awards . Though "  Argo , " last year 's best picture , also won the SAG Awards ' ensemble honor , the 18th annual SAGs went with "  The Help " over "  The Artist " and the 16th annual awards tapped "  Inglorious Basterds " over "  The Hurt Locker . " The picks for actor and actress , on the other hand , are much closer to the academy 's selections . Last year 's SAGs went to Daniel Day-Lewis and Lawrence ; the year before honored Jean Dujardin  though Viola Davis lost the Oscar to Streep  ; and 2010 SAGs went to Colin Firth and Natalie Portman . Does it mean anything ? Thursday may muddy the waters further , when the Hollywood Foreign Press Association announces the Golden Globe nominations . TNT and TBS will air the 20th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on January 18 .	SAG Award nominations leave out Robert Redford for best actor "  12 Years a Slave " earns four nods ; "  August : Osage County " gets three Actors are large bloc of Oscar voters so SAGs are examined for Academy Award forecasts
CNN  -- "  Waiting for Sunrise , " the new novel from acclaimed British author William Boyd , is an evocative mix of sex , spies and psychoanalysis . The story opens in Vienna in 1913 . English actor Lysander Rief is seeking treatment from a psychoanalyst for an odd sexual ailment . While in the Austrian capital he begins a passionate affair with another patient and it seems Lysander is cured . When the secret tryst takes a dark turn , Lysander is forced to escape Vienna with help from the British consulate . He 's not long in London when war breaks out and Lysander enlists in the army . Soon after , he 's approached by the men who helped him escape Austria with a proposition he is in no position to refuse . Morphing from actor to patient to soldier to spy , Lysander is plunged into the dangerous world of wartime intelligence as a covert operative . Fans of the author will love and recognize all the hallmarks of Boyd 's best books : a historical thriller , rife with espionage , set in the not-too-distant past , featuring an exotic and exquisitely drawn locale and a cameo from a famous historical figure , in this case Sigmund Freud . Boyd also made headlines last week when he was offered the chance to write the next James Bond novel . Boyd is no stranger to the spy thriller genre and an admitted Bond enthusiast and Ian Fleming fan . Accepting the job was , as he puts it , a "  no-brainer . " While Boyd is keeping many details of the superspy 's next adventure top secret , in an interview with CNN from his home in London he did give a few hints on what he has in store for 007 and talked at length about his new novel . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  Waiting for Sunrise " ? Boyd : It 's an odd accumulation of things . I was sort of obsessed with Vienna , particularly at the beginning of the 20th century . I 'd written a short story and a bit of a novel set there , and I was very interested in that period . Then I got a chance to go there to write an article about Egon Schiele , the tormented artist who died very young . So I went to Vienna for a few days and wandered around , and very early one morning I found myself at the Freud museum , which is his old apartment house , and I had this strange kind of Proustian shiver as I stood outside the front door waiting to be admitted , because it 's been kept exactly as it was pretty much . I thought I could have been here 100 years ago coming to seek psychiatric aid to cure whatever problem I had . I suddenly thought what must that have been like to have come to a psychoanalyst all those years ago , and that was the beginning of the novel . It was a good moment . CNN : You invented your own psychotherapy for the novel ; tell me a little more about "  parallelism . " Boyd : I thought , should I just use one of the recognized therapies that Freud and Freudian analysts use ? And I thought no , it would be much more fun to think up my own . So I came up with this idea of parallelism , which is surprisingly plausible , I think . We do it all the time , we have false memories , we misremember our past . The past is a very vague and blurry place for us . So it seemed to me to be possible to go back into your memories and reinvent them . To replace bad memories with highly detailed new memories , trying to erase the trauma and the neuroses and leave you with something benign . That 's a very simplified version of it and you would need to be guided by a therapist but fundamentally parallelism is creating a parallel life for yourself where the bad things did n't happen and only good things took place . See William Boyd discuss "  parallelism " in his new novel CNN : You 've included a number of real people in your novels , Sigmund Freud , Ernest Hemingway and Ian Fleming among others . What draws you to these historical figures ? Boyd : All these people I 've written about , like Virginia Woolf , Picasso and Chekhov are all people I 'm very intrigued by , sometimes in a good way , sometimes in a slightly malicious way . I 've become quite interested in the New Zealand writer Katherine Mansfield , so she may appear in one of my fictions . I 've often invented fictitious events in real people 's lives . Wherever my interest takes me , I 'm capable of imagining aspects of these people 's lives or imagining a portrait of them that is very much mine rather than something handed down by biographers or history . It 's very much a capricious way for me to get some of my prejudices or fan worship on the page . CNN : You 've been asked to write the next James Bond novel ; what was your reaction when they approached you ? Boyd : What an opportunity , particularly as I 'm sort of steeped in Ian Fleming 's world and the world of espionage . I 'm relatively at home in it and I know a lot about Fleming and his life and his circle . I read all the Bond novels as a younger person but now I 'm furiously re-reading them with great intent . So it was a great serendipitous opportunity that came my way because you ca n't audition for it , you ca n't volunteer to do it . You either get asked or you do n't . So when they said , "  Would you be interested ? " I said , "  You bet . " I 'm really looking forward to it . It 's going to be great fun , but I 'm also going to take it extremely seriously . I 'm going to try to write the very best Bond novel I possibly can and take the character to places and situations he has n't been before . CNN : What do you have in store for the super spy ? Boyd : I 'm going to be annoyingly tight-lipped about it . I can tell you it 's going to be set in 1969 . Ian Fleming died in 1964 at the very young age of 56 . So it 's quite conceivable if Ian Fleming had looked after himself a bit better , he might have been alive in 1969 and writing a Bond novel . By setting it then you 're very much in the world of Fleming 's Bond . The resonances of the Bond that Fleming created still would influence the Bond that I would write about . That to me is the real appeal . Somehow you 're imagining a kind of vicarious life for Ian Fleming , whereby he might have been able to pen another James Bond novel . It 's very much tapping into the world we 're familiar with . The Cold War was alive and well and in some ways that 's the great age of spying , and I know a lot about that period of espionage history . So to be able to plonk down an iconic figure like Bond in the late '60s is a wonderful bonus . Read an excerpt from "  Waiting for Sunrise "	"  Waiting for Sunrise " is a new novel from acclaimed British author William Boyd The story , set in Vienna in 1913 , goes from an analyst 's office to the middle of war Boyd , on being asked to write the next James Bond novel : "  I 'm furiously re-reading them "
CNN  -- Facing widespread outrage over the National Rifle Association 's response to the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre , the group 's president Thursday tried to clarify , saying that schools should decide for themselves how to protect their children . "  Some will want police officers there . Others of them will want private security guards , " David Keene said in an exclusive CNN interview . "  There may be some place they want volunteers to do it . We 're willing to work with everybody on those questions . " The nation 's largest teachers union liked some of Keene 's comments , but said the NRA is ignoring crucial points to prevent school shootings . Keene 's interview came nearly a week after NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre addressed media -- but did not take questions -- and said that all schools in the United States should immediately have armed officers . That is the only way , LaPierre said , to prevent another massacre like that at Sandy Hook Elementary , which left 20 children and six adults dead . On December 21 , LaPierre called for armed officers in "  every single school " and said that action should be taken before children return to school at the start of the year . "  I call on Congress today to act immediately to appropriate whatever is necessary to put armed police officers in every single school in this nation and to do it now to make sure that blanket safety is in place when our kids return to school in January , " he said . LaPierre continued , "  Before Congress reconvenes , before we engage in any lengthy debate over legislation , regulation or anything else , as soon as our kids return to school after the holiday break , we need to have every single school in America immediately deploy a protection program proven to work , and by that I mean armed security . " Read transcript of LaPierre 's statement On Thursday , Keene took questions about LaPierre 's statements , which were heavily criticized , even by some NRA members . The NRA boasts 4 million members . "  Whether an individual school wants that kind of protection or does n't want that kind of protection is really up to the individual school , " Keene said . "  And when we made that statement , when Wayne LaPierre spoke about a week ago , he suggested that what has to happen , and what should happen , is in every school district , administrators , teachers and parents should sit down and ask what 's needed to protect the students in that school . " Keene seemed to be broadening the NRA 's position by encouraging wider discussion , said Mo Canady , executive director of the National Association of School Resource Officers , a nonprofit nonpolitical group that trains armed officers in schools . But Canady is alarmed that the NRA thinks "  armed guards " in school is a solution . In his nationally televised address on December 21 , LaPierre said armed guards should work in school like they do at "  airports , office buildings , power plants , court houses , even sports stadiums . " "  We want some clarification on what he means by armed guard , " said Canady . "  An officer working in a school has to work with students , be engaged in the school day , develop relationships with students . They must be trained to do that , to be involved . " "  We feel that could create more problems than it solves , " he said . While talk continued , in Utah teachers were learning how to shoot . The Utah Shooting Sports Council and the Utah-based website opsgear.com are offering a free shooting class this week to teachers . The "  Safe to learn Safe to teach " class is free and lasts for six hours , just as extensive as a routine conceal-and-carry training course in the state . The course covers how to handle a firearm , how to carry it and maintain it , and provides information about Utah and federal handgun laws . Council chairman Clark Aposhian explained why be believes teachers should learn to fire weapons . "  When we talk about more guns , are more guns the answer ? Who do you think they call and why do they call the police when something like this happens ? " he said on CNN Thursday . "  Because they know the police will show up with their guns . The only problem is the police show up a little too late . They have lots of guns and equipment and man power , but just a little too late . "  The first responders at Sandy Hook and in Columbine were the teachers themselves , who put their lives in front of these shooters , " he said . "  Let 's not disarm these folks . " Teachers in Utah have had guns in the classroom for years , he said . "  This is not new for Utah . You just have n't heard about it before , " Aposhian said . "  Teachers have been carrying firearms in locked drawers for 12 years now . And my opponents will say the dire predictions were going to be that every argument between a teacher and student would result in gunfire . "  That has n't happened . We have n't had accidental shootings . We have n't had guns left behind . And we also have n't had any -LSB- school -RSB- gun shootings . " But there are some who oppose the idea . Former special education teacher Cassie Stoneman told CNN affiliate KSL that having a firearm at school makes her nervous . "  I would be terrified that one of my students would find my weapon and bring it out , " she said . Armed guards , too , are not an absolute solution either , said the National Education Association , an influential teachers ' union with 3 million members . To argue otherwise "  denies the tragedy at Columbine , " NEA President Dennis Van Roekel told CNN , reacting to Keene 's interview . "  They had armed guards and it did n't stop the tragedy . " An armed guard watching Colorado 's Columbine High School in 1999 was unable to prevent the slayings . The county sheriff 's office released an account explaining why . "  At Newtown , the doors were locked , " Van Roekel added . "  They had a buzzer . They did everything right . " Canady said that the push for armed , trained police officers in American schools goes back to the 1950s . But an effort to put guards in schools was federally funded during the Bill Clinton presidency . School-Based Partnership grants in the 1990s paid police agencies to send officers into schools in order to reduce school-related crimes such as drug dealing or alcohol use on campus . The grant program awarded more than $ 17 million to 155 agencies in the late 1990s , according to the U.S. Justice Department . The program has not been funded recently . While Van Roekel agreed that it might be wise to return to that , guards in school can not be the only solution . "  Keene 's statement includes good things and neglected points , " he said . "  The part about how everyone needs to sit down is a good point . What 's missing is there are other solutions that should be addressed , including metal health and common sense laws that keep guns out of the hands of people that should n't have them . " Van Roekel believes there must be a debate over banning large ammunition magazines like the kind Adam Lanza used to mow down his victims at Sandy Hook Elementary . LaPierre , at least , seems hesitant to consider that . He appeared on NBC 's Meet the Press a few days after he gave his December 21 statement to reporters . Banning magazines , LaPierre said , is "  not going to make any kid safer . "	NRA President David Keene says there should be discussion first about arming schools Executive VP Wayne LaPierre said last week that schools should arm "  immediately " Discussion comes after massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary in Connecticut Teacher 's union welcomes NRA idea for broad-based discussions
CNN  -- The European Commission handed down its ruling in a landmark anti-trust case against Intel Wednesday , fining the computer chip giant a record $ 1.45 billion for abusing its dominant position in the computer processing unit  CPU  market . On Wednesday the European Commission fined Intel a record $ 1.45 billion for violating anti-trust laws . The ruling , which Intel plans to appeal , may have future implications for American companies accused of "  jurisdiction shopping " to avoid anti-trust verdicts against them , says CNN 's Jim Boulden , who explains the basics of the Intel case . The commission has hit Intel with the biggest fine ever -- what were its reasons ? The European Commission says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position in semiconductors for years . The EC says Intel has systematically given PC makers and stores rebates to keep computers with AMD chips off the shelves . AMD  another American company and Intel 's only competitor  first raised the red flag in 2000 . Why does the commission have the power to impose such fines ? EU law does not regard market dominance as illegal , but it is allowed to fine a company that abuses its position as the biggest in any given market . It has a guideline of fining a company based on a percentage of profits . EU law is set up to "  protect consumers , " and the anti-trust office says consumers were hurt . Yet as Intel likes to point out , consumers did not launch this case -- AMD , a competitor , launched this in Europe  and in Japan and South Korea  as the U.S. antitrust officials under George W. Bush were unlikely to pursue a case on these merits . The EU could fine Intel  or any company  based on 10 % of global annual revenues , but chose to fine it on a smaller percentage made in the EU . Can Intel afford to pay this fine ? What state is the company in at the moment ? Intel reported first quarter revenue of $ 7 billion . It can easily afford this . Interestingly , it lost 4 percent of its market share to AMD so far this year . The company says it will appeal -- when is that likely to be heard ? Another appeal will take months . Intel already appealed a preliminary part of this ruling last year and lost . Meanwhile , the EC can argue that Intel is still abusing its position and increase the fine during the appeals process , as it did to Microsoft . Intel is not the first tech company to be hit by the European Commission . What about Microsoft ? The anti-trust unit has launched another round of investigations against Microsoft . It has already paid its fine and the EU continues to watch the company 's behavior on the previous matters . What kind of precedent does the Intel case set ? The EU has fined all kinds of cartels and market abusers , but rarely does it fine big American companies based on complaints from American competitors -- so the case catches the eye , especially with critics who accuse American companies of "  jurisdiction shopping " to get a favorable outcome .	European Commission fines Intel a record $ 1.45 billion for anti-trust violation EC says Intel has been abusing its dominant market position Competitor AMD brought the case to the attention of European officials EC anti-trust has commenced another round of investigations into Microsoft
CNN  -- Tom Greer says he fought back when he was attacked by intruders at his Southern California home . Then he got his gun and fired at them and they ran . The 80-year-old homeowner says one of the fleeing burglars , a woman , shouted , "  I 'm pregnant ! " He shot her twice , killing her . The woman was not pregnant , Ed Winter of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office told CNN on Friday . The district attorney will decide whether Greer will face criminal charges . Long Beach Police Chief Jim McDonnell said Greer walked into his house Tuesday to find suspects Andrea Miller , 26 , and Gus Adams , 28 , ransacking it . According to McDonnell , Greer said this was the fourth time his house has been burglarized . Police say the couple beat and threw the elderly man to the ground , causing injuries , which included a broken collarbone , cuts and bruises . Despite his injuries , Greer managed to grab his gun and fire at the suspects , causing them to flee through the garage and into the alley , police said . In an interview with KNBC , Greer said that as the suspects ran into the alley , Miller yelled , " ` Do n't shoot me , I 'm pregnant ! I 'm going to have a baby ! ' and I shot her anyway . " Miller died in the alley , the police chief said . When asked by KNBC how he felt about the incident , Greer responded that he had no regrets . "  I had to do what I had to do . " Adams , the alleged accomplice , fled the scene , according to Greer and Chief McDonnell . He was later arrested and charged Friday with five felony counts , including murder in Miller 's death , residential robbery , burglary , grand theft firearm and possession of a firearm by a felon . He 's currently jailed on $ 1.25 million bond . Adams was scheduled for arraignment on Friday , but his court appearance at Los Angeles Superior Court in Long Beach was postponed until August 11 . Detroit-area man who shot woman on porch arraigned on murder charge Doctor shoots patient who shot , killed caseworker CNN 's Chuck Condor and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Long Beach , California , man was burglarized and beaten by a couple , police say Female suspect claimed she was pregnant , but Greer shot her twice , killing her DA will determine whether the 80-year-old homeowner will be charged The suspected male accomplice has been charged with felony murder
CNN  -- David Adjaye is one of the world 's most highly acclaimed and sought after architects . Born in Tanzania to Ghanaian parents , Africa has played an important role in his life and continues to provide inspiration for his projects around the globe -- although he now lives and bases his practice in London . "  Tanzania is an incredible melting pot of cultures with Sikhs , Indians , Muslims , " Adjaye says . "  Living in East Africa and sort of mixing with all these groups allowed me to sample many different spatial and cultural conditions very early on , " he adds . Graffiti for good Some of Adjaye 's most notable structures include the Nobel Peace Center in Norway , the Museum of Contemporary Art in Denver , and the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington D.C. Secret life of urban Africa But while his African roots remain a fond memory , he says that there is now much more that inspires him -- not least his love of architecture around the world . In the gallery above Adjaye selects six of his favorite buildings , explaining why they hold a special appeal to him and what makes them so architecturally unique .	David Adjaye is an architect born in Tanzania Although he lives and works in London , he says Africa remains a source of inspiration He has recently designed buildings in the UK , Italy and the United States
How many have you been to ? And do you agree with the rankings ? Condé Nast Traveler announced the winners of its 26th annual Readers ' Choice Awards yesterday . As they do every year , this year 's results introduce new categories , new hotels and re-ordered lists of the world 's best destinations . The magazine said this year 's list was the most comprehensive ever , with 1.3 million votes cast for a whopping 16,000 properties around the world . World 's best cities The "  Top 25 Cities in the World " list had refreshingly surprising additions and rankings -- Paris came in at a lowly 22 while Bruges and Cape Town tied for 11th place . Budapest and Florence tied for second , while the very top spot was seized by the colonial city of San Miguel de Allende in central Mexico , which took the crown from last year 's favorite of Charleston , South Carolina  which was tied for fifth this year  . Italy snapped up five of the top 25 cities , while Spain managed to take three . Despite its slide in the global rankings , Charleston was still voted the top city in the United States for the third year in a row , for its "  sand , sun , history , good food and friendly people . " More categories In the "  Top 100 Hotels and Resorts in the World " category , La Residence in South Africa and Lodge at Kauri Cliffs in Matauri Bay , New Zealand tied for first place , while Virgin America was named the No. 1 airline in the United States . Singapore Airlines came in first for international airlines . Here 's a small selection of the rankings . Top cities in the world 1 . San Miguel de Allende , Mexico2 . = Budapest , Hungary2 . = Florence , Italy4 . Salzburg , Austria5 . = Charleston , South Carolina , United States5 . = San Sebastián , Spain7 . Vienna , Austria8 . Rome9 . Siena , Italy10 . Québec City11 . = Cape Town , South Africa11 . = Bruges , Belgium13 . Vancouver , Canada14 . Kyoto , Japan15 . = Prague , Czech Republic15 . = Kraków , Poland17 . = Victoria , Canada17 . = Sydney17 . = Santa Fe , New Mexico , United States20 . = Seville , Spain20 . = Beirut , Lebanon22 . = Paris22 . = Melbourne , Australia24 . = Venice , Italy24 . = Barcelona , Spain Top cities in the United States 1 . Charleston , South Carolina2 . Sante Fe , New Mexico3 . San Francisco4 . Honolulu5 . Chicago Top hotels and resorts in the world 1 . = Lodge at Kauri Cliffs in Maturi Bay , New Zealand1 . = La Residence , Franschhoek , South Africa3 . = Singita Sabi Sand , South Africa 3 . = Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Reserve , South Africa5 . Grand Hotel Timeo , Sicily Top U.S. airlines 1 . Virgin America2 . Jetblue Airways3 . Hawaiian Airlines4 . Southwest Air Lines5 . Alaska Airlines Top international airlines 1 . Singapore Airlines2 . Emirates3 . Virgin Atlantic4 . Etihad Airways 5 . Air New Zealand What are you favorite cities , hotels and airlines ? Did the Condé Nast Traveler readers get it right ? Tell us below !	Condé Nast Traveler announces 2013 Readers ' Choice Awards Readers vote world 's top city is San Miguel de Allende in Mexico Charleston , South Carolina , takes top spot for ranking of U.S. cities
New York  CNN  -- Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg announced Friday he is donating $ 100 million toward improving public schools in Newark , New Jersey . "  Every child deserves a good education , and right now it 's not happening " Zuckerberg said . His donation will be the first grant handed out by his new foundation , Startup : Education , an entity financed by him and focused on bettering education in the United States . Zuckerberg appeared on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " on Friday , alongside Newark Mayor Cory Booker and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Booker told Winfrey that Zuckerberg wanted the donation to be anonymous at first , but was persuaded to make the announcement public , hoping it would inspire others to donate as well . With an estimated net worth of $ 6.9 billion , Zuckerberg ranked 35th on this year 's Forbes 400 list of richest Americans -- up from 158th last year . At 26 , he and Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz are the youngest billionaires on the list . The announcement comes a week ahead of the release of "  The Social Network " -- a highly anticipated movie about the early years of the social networking powerhouse . The movie and the book it is based on -- "  The Accidental Billionaires " by Ben Mezrich -- do not depict Zuckerberg in the most favorable of lights . Responding to critics who have suggested that the donation is being timed to counteract the effects of the movie , Zuckerberg said : "  It 's a movie . It 's fun . A lot of it is fiction ... This is my life . I know that it 's not that dramatic . " But some in the tech community say that , regardless of the timing , Zuckerberg 's gift could have far-reaching ramifications on charitable giving . "  Skeptics might question the timing of the move , but it would be foolish to underestimate the significance of the gesture -- not only in its direct impact on public schools , but in its lasting imprint upon the technology industry , " wrote Pete Cashmore , CEO of social media blog Mashable in a column for CNN . "  Zuckerberg 's donation should be praised , as it will likely provide inspiration to the growing ranks of newly minted technology founders , " he said . According to Booker , 50 percent of high school students in Newark do not graduate . Booker and Christie hope that their new plan will provide a model for education reform nationwide . Control of Newark public schools has been in the hands of the state since 1995 . Under an agreement between Mayor Booker and Governor Christie , the state will maintain legal control over the district , but will authorize the mayor to develop a comprehensive education plan . Zuckerberg grew up in Westchester County , New York , and founded Facebook in 2004 , while studying computer science at Harvard University . CNN.com 's Doug Gross contributed to this story .	Facebook founder appears on "  Oprah " Newark schools will get the money Zuckerberg has a net worth of $ 6.9 billion The donation comes ahead of the release of a critical movie and a book
CNN  "  The Stomp " remains one of the most controversial plays in NCAA history -- when Duke 's Christian Laettner lifted his foot and stepped on Kentucky 's Aminu Timberlake during a critical moment of what has been called the greatest college basketball game ever played , the 1992 NCAA East Regional Final . Mention The Stomp in a diner or bar in Kentucky and you best be prepared for a string of expletives -- from the blue-haired elders to the wealthiest thoroughbred trainers -- about how Laettner is the vilest human on Earth . Then , the woulda , coulda , shouldas begin : Laettner should 've been kicked out ; he should never have been in the game to hit that miraculous shot ; Kentucky should 've advanced to the Final Four . The Stomp returned to headlines this week after ESPN aired a "  30 for 30 " documentary called "  I Hate Christian Laettner , " detailing the life of one of the best players to ever play college ball and why he remains a lightning rod to this day . When it comes to The Stomp , Laettner says he decided to give a "  little payback " while Timberlake lay helpless on the ground . If Kentucky fans needed more reason to hate Laettner , those words might 've been it . But on Twitter , Laettner issued a video apology to Timberlake , the first time he 'd ever done so : Timberlake could 've lashed back , but he 's too classy for that . He is one of the nicest guys you 'll ever meet . He remains active in basketball , coaching an eighth-grade girls travel-team in Atlanta .  In full transparency , I coached with him last year . He responded to Laettner , saying he appreciates and accepts the apology . But he makes it clear where his loyalty lies . At the end of his 23-second message , Timberlake 's voice turns into a smooth baritone and he ends with : "  Go Big Blue . " Timberlake does n't dwell on The Stomp . The thing he prefers to remember from that game was the honor of playing in it -- and the locker room speech by Coach Rick Pitino after the game . Pitino held up an old Sports Illustrated cover that said the Kentucky program was in shambles . Pitino told his players that although they lost on the court , his players had done something much bigger : They 'd put Kentucky basketball back on the map . "  It put a lot of things in perspective , especially for a young team in a program that had just returned from heavy NCAA sanctions , " Timberlake says . "  All I remember is working with our heads down , attacking every practice and every game to the best of our ability . And that speech just reminded us of what was accomplished through that hard work , even in a loss . " That is a message , he says , that still resonates in his life : "  Sometimes you do n't see the full picture and do n't reap the immediate rewards of your work , but 9 times out of 10 good things do happen . " Timberlake has had fun with The Stomp over the years , even donning a "  I Still Hate Laettner " T-shirt that was given to him and posing with fans when Kentucky and Duke played a couple years ago . He jokes that he 's not sure if he was "  a true hater " of Laettner like so many others . But that game will never quite sit well with Kentucky players and fans . However , Timberlake says the documentary gave him a new perspective on Laettner that he thought he 'd never have . "  I can really respect his accomplishments , his basketball career and his passion for the game , " Timberlake says . Do n't get him wrong . Timberlake still bleeds Kentucky blue . He 'd love to see Kentucky play Duke for the title this year , this time with the Wildcats walking away as the winners . Face off against your favorite anchors in the CNN March Madness bracket challenge	Christian Laettner apologizes 23 years later for stomping on player Aminu Timberlake accepts apology , but hopes Kentucky wins it all Timberlake says he prefers to remember Pitino 's speech to team The Stomp remains a bitterly divisive play to this day
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- A dual-pronged effort to stop the oil gushing from BP 's runaway well in the Gulf of Mexico shows promise for this weekend , the head of the government 's response team said Friday . But things are likely to get worse before they improve . Late Friday , Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said in a statement that he and Energy Secretary Steven Chu had approved BP 's plan to install an oil-recovery vessel , the Helix Producer , at the same time that a new cap is placed over the well , "  which will require temporary suspension of the current top-hat containment system . " During the seven to 10 days that it will take to switch the caps , the 15,000 barrels of oil that the Discoverer Enterprise ship has been collecting daily are expected to flow unimpeded into the water , he said . Allen said he approved the plan in order to take advantage of favorable weather predicted for coming days and because , once the switch is complete , the resulting capacity to contain oil "  will be far greater than the capabilities we have achieved using current systems . " BP spokesman Mark Proegler called it the "  capping stack , " which he described as a larger , better-fitting seal than the one currently covering the well . The latter cap "  can be removed quite quickly " and BP will start replacing it with the "  sealing cap " on Saturday , he said . If successful , the operation could halt the gushing that started April 20 after an explosion that killed 11 people on the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf . But any such fix would be temporary , he said . The permanent solution would still be completion of a relief well , he added . Scientists have estimated 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil are spewing daily from BP 's breached Macondo well . They have been basing their estimates on high-resolution video and data from acoustic devices used to measure density . But Allen said that , once the long-term containment cap is in place , scientists will for the first time have the empirical data they need to determine the true flow rate . "  I would think once the capping device is on , we would get the most accurate flow rate to date , " he said . Switching the containment cap could increase the amount of oil collected each day to 60,000 to 80,000 barrels , Allen said . Under a new alignment , four vessels would participate in oil recovery , one more than the three currently involved . In a separate advance , federal responders expressed optimism Friday about a new aerial weapon in their arsenal . A 178-foot U.S. Navy blimp , the MZ-3A , was flown from New Orleans to Mobile , Alabama , to be used to survey the disaster area as soon as Saturday , depending on the weather . Officials said they hope surveys from the blimp will help them cut the time needed to get skimmers to the scene of oil slicks . "  Having something at a low altitude that can stay on scene a very long time is extremely valuable , " Allen said . "  We are anxious to see how it works . " The first relief well BP is drilling in the Gulf of Mexico could intercept the leaking Macondo well in seven to 10 days , Allen said Thursday . But the time it will take to seal the well will depend on "  where the oil is coming up through , where they can intercept , where they can put the mud in , where they can put the cement plug , " he said . Also Friday , the president 's Oil Spill Commission said it is hiring Richard A. Sears , a deepwater drilling expert with 30 years of experience in the oil and gas industry and academia , to serve as its science adviser . The commission , comprising seven members appointed by President Barack Obama , will hold public meetings Monday and Tuesday in New Orleans . It is charged with determining the causes of the Deepwater Horizon disaster and recommending changes in policies and law to prevent any such future calamities . Commission spokesman Pete Nelson said the commission is also hiring Jay Hakes as its research director . Hakes , an alumnus of the Carter administration , served as director of the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library and Museum and headed the Energy Information Administration at the U.S. Department of Energy during the 1990s . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Vivian Kuo and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report	NEW : Allen and Chu approve BP plan to switch caps NEW : switch will take 7 to 10 days during which oil will flow unimpeded Oil spill commission hires 2 new experts Work on replacing the cap is to begin Saturday
CNN  -- "  Eat , Pray , Love " author Elizabeth Gilbert returns to her roots with her latest foray into fiction . Literally . In "  The Signature of All Things , " Gilbert focuses on a 19th-century female botanist who specializes in moss . She says it took more than three years to research and write the novel , which spans generations and continents . In her free time , Gilbert stays loyal to the passions she immortalized in her best-selling memoir : yoga , travel and her husband , played memorably by Javier Bardem in the movie version of "  Eat , Pray , Love . " The 2006 book about her journey through Italy , India and Indonesia brought her fame and fortune . She followed it up with "  Committed , " an exploration of the institution of marriage , inspired by her decision to wed the man she met during her travels , after a contentious divorce and swearing off matrimony . She spoke to CNN about her new book , and its famous predecessor , in her familiar voice . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How does it feel as a writer to have your books compared when they 're so completely different ? Elizabeth Gilbert : It 's inevitable that readers who came to know me , and who know my passions and my interests , will see aspects of me . If they 're looking for it , they 'll find me in there . They 'll find some familiar themes . It 's about a woman 's journey of discovery . It 's about a woman who 's passionate about her work . It 's about a woman who 's passionate about the world . All that stuff will be familiar to readers of "  Eat , Pray , Love . " It does n't bother me . I 'm not offended by it , because I 'm not writing this book to try to get away from "  Eat , Pray , Love . " I 'm writing this book to try to do something entertaining for myself and for my readers . It 's OK . It 's cool . CNN : How did you decide to go back to your roots as a fiction writer ? Gilbert : To a large extent , what I did writing "  Eat , Pray , Love , " and certainly a bit with "  Committed " as well , all of that was so that I could do this . My life had gotten so messed up in my early 30s , after my divorce and this period of depression that I went through , that the idea of being the creative writer that I always wanted to be just fled from me . I think the simplest way to describe it is that you ca n't invent drama when you 're living drama . One of the things that I wanted to do by getting my life in order was to return myself to a place of calmness and stability , where I could do something like take on a book of this scope . So in many ways , this book is kind of a celebration of the result of "  Eat , Pray , Love " : the result of finding a good relationship and getting out of my own way and clearing out all that space so that I could be the writer I 've always wanted to be . CNN : How did you go about doing all the research on the places and the time ? Gilbert : I just got so lucky after "  Eat , Pray , Love , " I had all these resources and all this freedom to be able to fund whatever I wanted to do with my life . And so I was able to throw myself into three years of study about 19th-century botany . For me , that 's joyful and exciting and interesting . And it felt like a real tribute to the freedom that I had to be able to do that . And it was intimidating , because I did n't really know that much about the period , and I did n't really that much about the plant adventures of that day . But on the other hand , I 'm such a geek . I just got to really full-on geek out about learning all that stuff , which was very exciting . CNN : Did the joy in this writing process come from your personal life ? Gilbert : I 'm getting smarter as I get older . I 'm enjoying my 40s so much more than I enjoyed any other period in my life . I had a friend who told that me your 40s are such a wonderful time because you start to get out of your own way and get over yourself . And that has certainly been the case for me . I do n't have much nostalgia for my 20s and 30s . It 's just a really nice time . I 'm in a really supportive marriage . My husband is a great champion of me and my work . This book was also probably one of the sweetest intimacies of our marriage , because I wrote it in several months in a big burst , and every night , he would come into my office and sit down with a glass of wine , and I would read to him what I had written that day . I felt his excitement , and that compelled me to write faster . And it became this lovely private thing that we were doing together . And I think his influence shaped the book as well . CNN : What 's your next project ? Gilbert : I think I 'm going to stick with fiction . I had such a good time with this , I do n't want to let go of it yet . Having been in the corseted , buttoned-up , repressed 19th century , I want to move into the early 20th century and write a novel about girls behaving recklessly . Take off those corsets .	Elizabeth Gilbert 's memoir "  Eat , Pray , Love " sold an estimated 10 million copies She chose fiction for her latest book , which follows a 19th-century female botanist The author says you ca n't invent drama when you 're living drama , which she was Gilbert says she 's enjoying her 40s much more than any other period in her life
A man who checked in to the Navy 's Substance Abuse and Recovery Program for alcoholism treatment was also treated for a Google Glass addiction , according to a new study . San Diego doctors say the 31-year-old man "  exhibited significant frustration and irritability related to not being able to use his Google Glass . " He has a history of substance abuse , depressive disorder , anxiety disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder , they say . The man was using his Google Glass for up to 18 hours a day in the two months leading up to his admission in September 2013 , according to the study . He wore it to work and reported feeling more confident in social situations while wearing it . He removed it only to sleep and bathe , according to the study authors . The controversial eyewear allows users to access online information , shoot photos or video and send messages . It is controlled by voice or by using the tiny touchpad on its side . Potential dangers of wearing the device , including decreased awareness and headaches , have been documented . Google Glass users frequently reach for the device , tapping near their temples to control its features ; this patient repeatedly did the same , even when the device was not there . "  He reported that if he had been prevented from wearing the device while at work , he would become extremely irritable and argumentative , " the doctors write . This is the first known case of Internet addiction disorder involving Google Glass , according to the study authors . It is not a recognized disorder in the latest edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the go-to resource book for mental health professionals . "  Individuals with IAD manifest severe emotional , social , and mental dysfunction in multiple areas of daily activities due to their problematic use of technology and the internet , " according to the study abstract . While in the treatment program , the man experienced withdrawal symptoms that he reportedly said were much worse than the withdrawal he went through from alcohol . After 35 days at the center , the patient reported a reduction in irritability and was no longer repeatedly moving his hand to his temple . However , doctors say he continued to "  intermittently experience dreams as if looking through the device . "	Google Glass user treated for Internet addiction disorder Internet addiction disorder is not recognized by mental health bible User reported irritability when not able to use Google Glass
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Three current or former Bell , California , city officials , accused of misappropriation of public funds , won bail reduction Wednesday . The arraignment for them and five others arrested in the case was postponed until October 21 after a defense attorney asked for more time . The bail for former City Manager Robert Rizzo was reset from $ 3.2 million to $ 2 million . Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia 's bail went from $ 377,000 to $ 350,000 , and Mayor Oscar Hernandez won a $ 10,000 reduction to $ 275,000 . City Council member Luis Artiga , former council member George Cole and Vice Mayor Teresa Jacobo showed that their bail funds come from legitimate sources and can post it anytime , a judge ruled . The charges allege that the officials misappropriated more than $ 5.5 million , including being paid for phantom meetings , District Attorney Steve Cooley said Tuesday . Rizzo , Spaccia and Police Chief Randy Adams resigned after media reports that they were making several hundred thousand dollars a year each . Adams was not charged , Cooley said . "  The complaint alleges they used the tax dollars collected from the hard-working citizens of Bell as their own piggy bank , which they looted at will , " Cooley said . Other defendants are council member George Mirabal and former councilman Victor Bello . Rizzo , who was being paid nearly $ 800,000 annually , is charged with 53 counts of misappropriation of public funds and conflict of interest . Among the allegations are that he wrote his own employment contracts and that they were never approved by the City Council , prosecutors said . Cooley alleges that Rizzo , hired as Bell 's chief administrative officer in September 1994 , gave nearly $ 1.9 million in unauthorized loans to himself , Spaccia , Artiga , Hernandez and dozens of others . Rizzo is responsible for $ 4.3 million of the city 's losses , Cooley said . Rizzo 's attorney , Jim Spertus , said Cooley ensured that reporters witnessed the arrest of his client and called it "  grossly unprofessional . " "  Candidate Cooley wants some good campaign material , " Spertus said , making reference to the district attorney 's candidacy for California attorney general . " -LSB- Rizzo 's -RSB- salary was openly transparent to the City Council , and the council approved it , " he said , adding that his client will fight the charges . Spertus also said the city 's loan program followed procedures and that Cooley 's office did not interview many pertinent witnesses . Prosecutors charged Hernandez , Jacobo , Mirabal , Cole , Bello and Artiga with nearly two dozen counts of misappropriating approximately $ 1.2 million of public funds . Cooley alleges that they held "  bogus meetings " that lasted only minutes at a time -- or not at all -- and collected payment . "  The -LSB- council -RSB- for their part provided no checks , no balances , " Cooley said . "  The council members were busy enriching themselves for collecting money for meetings that never occurred . " California Attorney General Edmund G. Brown recently sued several of the former officials "  to recover the excess salaries " that Bell officials were being paid . He also was pursuing a reduction of their pension benefits . "  This is a very serious matter when public officials breach their duty to the public and enrich themselves with enormous obscene salaries which then trigger pensions of similar magnitude , " Brown said . The suit accuses officials of fraud , civil conspiracy , waste of public funds and breach of fiduciary duty . It also alleges they deliberately misled citizens about the accurate amount of their pay . Bell , in southeast Los Angeles County , had 36,624 residents as of the 2000 census . The median annual income is less than $ 35,000 . Rizzo 's last annual base salary was $ 787,638 , Adams earned $ 457,000 , and Spaccia received $ 336,000 , according to Brown 's office . Before recently cutting their pay , Bell City Council members received $ 96,000 a year , compared with $ 4,800 a year earned by council members in similar-sized cities . Since 1993 , the council raised Rizzo 's salary 16 times , with an average jump of 14 percent yearly , the attorney general said . In 2005 , he received an increase of 47 percent . Since 2001 , City Council members also awarded themselves 16 percent raises yearly . Brown , who is running for governor , said Rizzo prepared a memo for the public saying council members received $ 673 a month and he was paid $ 15,478 a month , which would amount to annual salaries of about $ 8,000 and $ 185,000 respectively . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Bail reduced for three defendants Arraignment delayed until late October High salaries in Bell sparked outrage in July Defense attorney says case is about politics
CNN  -- A top Florida lawmaker is demanding that the federal government help "  get to the bottom " of dozens of deaths at a now defunct boys ' reform school . "  For the sake of those who died and the family members still living , we 've got to find out what happened at the school , " U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , said in a letter dated Wednesday to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . His demand follows a report this week by state forensic investigators who say they 've discovered evidence that there are 19 more grave sites than previously thought at the Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys in the Florida panhandle town of Marianna . For years , stories and allegations of beatings , torture and murder have surrounded the century-old school . State authorities have previously said there were 31 burial sites at the school , and a 2009 state investigation found no allegations of wrongdoing in connection with those deaths . Now , investigators say there 's evidence that 98 boys died at the school , and some of them may be buried in the 50 graves found on school grounds . The school closed last year , allegedly because of budget cuts . Mystery surrounds school graves "  The reform school may yield some ugly reminders about our past , but we absolutely must get to the bottom of this , " Nelson said in a news release Wednesday . Nelson is asking the Justice Department to provide support and assistance to a team of anthropologists and forensic scientists from the University of South Florida as they continue to search the school grounds . The Justice Department has not yet responded to Nelson 's request . The USF team , equipped with ground-penetrating radar , is currently searching another part of the property where another cemetery may exist . So far , they have n't found anything . "  We found burials within the current marked cemetery , and then we found burials that extend beyond that , " said Dr. Erin Kimmerle , one of the investigating anthropologists . "  For the majority , there 's no record of what happened to them . So , they may be buried here , they may have been shipped to their families . But we do n't know . " She said she hopes a more thorough investigation , which would include the exhumation of bodies , would bring some closure to the families . "  When there 's no knowledge and no information , then people will speculate and rumors will persist or questions remain , " she said . Glen Varnadoe 's uncle , Thomas Varnadoe , died at the facility in 1935 . He wants state authorities to carry out exhumations so he can bring his uncle 's remains home to Lakeland , Florida . "  This is my uncle 's body . We want the state of Florida to point us to his grave and give us access to his remains so we can have him reburied with his family , " he told CNN . Varnadoe said both his father and uncle were both sent to the facility at one time , and -- according to his mother -- his father saw his dead uncle being buried on the property in the middle of the night . Varnadoe says he does not intend to sue the state of Florida for damages . He says he simply wants his uncle 's body . "  My mission is to recover his remains and bury him next to his mother , " he said . Who exactly is buried on the school grounds is a mystery that dates back to 1900 , when the boys ' school opened . The research team has gone back in time , going over old , antiquated state records and conducting interviews with survivors , when possible . The existing cemetery is marked only by 31 rusting tubular steel crosses . The forensic investigators say poorly kept , contradictory records have only added to the mystery about the cemetery and the school . Reform school ledgers and notations label some of the boys as "  runaways , " but it is unclear whether these boys were ever found . The school was officially closed in 2011 . "  These are children who came here and died , for one reason or another , and have just been lost in the woods , " said Kimmerle . "  It 's about restoring dignity . " During its century-long history , 98 deaths have been documented at the school , but the whereabouts of 22 bodies can not be determined by examining historical records , according to Kimmerle . Her team 's findings only add to the mystery , controversy and horror that has surrounded the former reform school for years . Elderly men , who were once sent to the reform school as wayward youth , have come forward with horrific tales of beatings , abuse and stories of boys who simply disappeared . In 2008 , Florida 's then-Gov . Charlie Crist ordered a state investigation into allegations by a group of men , known as "  The White House Boys , " who had came forward with stories of how they were beaten with leather straps by school administrators in the 1960s . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement issued a report that found 31 boys were buried in the cemetery , although each individual plot could not be identified . That report found that most of the boys had died either in a 1914 fire or from a flu pandemic four years later . At the time , the law enforcement agency said it could not determine where another 50 boys -- who died at the school as a result of illnesses or accidents -- were buried , blaming poorly kept school records . FDLE closed the case due to the lack of evidence that anyone had died as a result of criminal conduct , and no charges were filed . The new findings will undoubtedly lead to speculation that the newly discovered graves are evidence of a generations-long criminal coverup by administrators of the prison . In a statement to CNN , FDLE said it is aware of the new report . "  In the absence of any additional evidence , we do not anticipate further criminal investigative action , " said Keith Kameg , an FDLE communications coordinator .	Sen. Bill Nelson is calling for a federal probe into more graves found at a defunct reform school There were 31 known graves and a 2009 investigation determined no wrongdoing This year , researchers found evidence of 98 deaths and 50 graves The century-old school closed last year , allegedly for budget issues
CNN  -- North Korea has raised political tensions on the peninsula with a barrage of bombastic comments directed at its enemies South Korea and the United States . Even by North Korean standards , the series of threats during the past six weeks by enigmatic young leader Kim Jong Un have been incredibly provocative , making the situation worrisome for analysts . Here 's a look at Kim 's escalating rhetoric and his country 's actions since he came to power after his father 's death in 2011 : March 2012 As South Korea hosts world leaders at an international nuclear security summit in Seoul , North Korea moves a long-range rocket toward a launch pad . Pyongyang says it plans to carry out the test in mid-April as part of a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder and Kim 's grandfather . April 2012 Defying warnings by U.S. President Barack Obama that Kim has nothing to gain from provocations , Pyongyang launches the rocket . It breaks apart and falls into the sea . August 2012 Kim visits the same military unit behind a 2010 attack on South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island , where he reminds the troops to be ready to fight a "  sacred war " against Seoul . The North Korean leader makes the veiled threat just ahead of an annual war games exercise conducted on the Korean Peninsula by the United States and South Korea . The dictator calls the joint Seoul-Washington military exercises a "  war rehearsal " to invade . October 2012 North Korea claims to have developed missiles that can reach the U.S. mainland . December 2012 Kim announces plans to launch another long-range rocket in a renewed effort to send a satellite into space . Two days after the government announces the launch window is being pushed back because of technical issues , the rocket lifts off from the west coast of North Korea . Pyongyang declares the mission a success . January 2013 North Korea announces it is planning a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches , all of which it says are part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The threats come two days after the U.N. Security Council approves the broadening of sanctions in response to the rocket launch in December that apparently put a satellite in orbit . February 2013 North Korea carries out an underground nuclear bomb test on February 12 . The test is designed "  to defend the country 's security and sovereignty in the face of the ferocious hostile act of the U.S. , " the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency says at the time , referring to new U.S.-led sanctions . "  This nuclear test is our first measure , which displayed our maximum restraint . ... If the U.S. continues with their hostility and complicates the situation , it would be inevitable to continuously conduct a stronger second or third measure . " March 2013 Angered by U.N. Security Council sanctions over its nuclear test , North Korea threatens for the first time to launch a preemptive nuclear strike against the U.S. and South Korea . It 's one of a series of provocative threats and , in some cases , actions by North Korea that begin with Pyongyang saying it is scrapping the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War . At the same time , it cuts off its direct phone links with South Korea at Panmunjom , the abandoned village that sits on the border between the two countries . North Korea then doubles down on the threat , saying it is nullifying the joint declaration on the de-nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . One of the country 's top generals , according to published reports , claims Pyongyang has nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles that are ready to be fired . Although U.S. officials do n't believe North Korea is in a position to strike the United States , the Obama administration responds to the threat by announcing plans to deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast . U.S. officials also say B-52 bombers are making flights over South Korea as part of annual , joint military exercises this month that have enraged North Korea . Pyongyang releases a new propaganda video that shows an imagined missile attack on U.S. government buildings in Washington , including the White House and the Capitol . The roughly four-minute video is posted on the YouTube channel of the North Korean government website , Uriminzokkiri . North Korea threatens to attack U.S. and South Korea bases , putting its troops on alert . It announces through state-run media that the military is ready for combat . The threat follows claims that U.S. B-52 bombers again made flights over South Korea . Later it 's revealed that F-22 Raptors and B-2 stealth bombers also take part in the U.S.-South Korea drills . Pyongyang says it 's readying rockets aimed at U.S. targets , releasing photos that show Kim meeting with military officials with strike plans on U.S. maps visible in the background . The North also cuts its last military hotline with South Korea . April 2013 North Korea begins the month pledging to restart its Yongbyon nuclear complex , including a uranium enrichment plant and a reactor that was shut down under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks among North Korea , the United States and four other nations . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry responds by warning the United States will not accept North Korea as a "  nuclear state . " Later that week , Pyongyang warns that it can not guarantee the safety of safety of embassies and international organizations in the event of armed conflict . It comes as a U.S. official tells CNN that two medium-range missiles have been loaded onto mobile launchers along North Korea 's east coast . Tensions then move to a joint industrial complex that serves as an important symbol of cooperation between the two countries . The Kaesong Industrial Complex sits on the North 's side of the border but houses operations of scores of South Korean companies . Pyongyang blocks the entrance of hundreds of South Korean workers to Kaesong , where more than 50,000 North Koreans work , producing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of goods each year . Soon after , North Korea warns foreigners to secure shelter or evacuate in case of hostilities , as Japan moves its missile defense systems into place at three sites around Tokyo . A U.S. official , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information , tells CNN recent intelligence suggests that a missile test could be "  imminent . " Meanwhile , North Korea 's state media published articles that described festive events , suggesting a much less fraught situation inside the country . The state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  reported that various sporting events were happening or scheduled to take place to mark the 101st anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . "  The ongoing sports tournaments make the country seethe with holiday atmosphere , " KCNA said . Kim Il Sung 's birthday , known as the Day of the Sun , is a major public holiday in North Korea . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jethro Mullen and Brad Lendon contributed to this report	U.S. and South Korean officials believe Pyongyang poised on a missile test North Korea warns foreigners in South Korea to leave , following similar advice to diplomats Pyongyang blocks workers from entering joint commercial zone operated with South
People confess to a lot of things on Facebook : their frustrations , bad habits , secret longings and new loves . A Florida man confessed to something much more sinister Thursday . He said he killed his wife . Derek Medina , 31 , posted a picture of Jennifer Alfonso 's blood-stained body -- collapsed and contorted on the kitchen floor -- to his Facebook feed with a note , according to authorities . "  Im going to prison or death sentence for killing my wife love you guys miss you guys takecare Facebook people you will see me in the news , " he purportedly wrote . Why people share murder , rape on Facebook Medina , who lives in South Miami , drove to see his family , to tell them what he did . Then he turned himself in to police , according to his arrest affidavit . He is being held without bond on a preliminary charge of first degree murder , the Miami Dade State Attorney 's Office spokesperson told CNN . The court has 21 days to formally charge Medina . Facebook friends commented on the photo in shock . "  That is my friend there . " "  What happened ???? derek . " "  WHAT ?????? " Other Facebook users reacted with disgust to the posting of the picture of his wife 's corpse . She was 26 . "  this is crazy omg ... guy kills his wife post pic in facebook . " The disgust did not prevent the commenters from sharing Medina 's photo . Again and again . When evidence goes viral The gruesome image stayed online and was passed along for at least five hours . Facebook was notified of the content and employees removed the picture and disabled Medina 's page and that of his deceased wife , according to Facebook . In his note , Medina accused his wife of abusing him and asked his friends for their understanding for what he did to her because of it . The police report with his confession cast a more detailed light on the course of events . This was Medina 's account to Miami Dade police : He and his wife argued . He pulled a gun on her . She threatened to leave him . He put the gun away and followed her . She unloaded a volley of punches on him . He fetched the gun again . She pulled a knife . He wrestled it out of her hands . She punched him again . Then he shot her "  multiple times . " Opinion : The dark side of social media He felt certain she was dead . He did not call 911 , the affidavit states . He changed clothes , and after seeing his family , went to a police station and began the process of confessing . After he gave police his address , they drove to the scene , where they found the body . The couple 's 10-year-old daughter was also still in the house , police said . She was physically "  unharmed . " Medina self-published self-help books and maintained a website called EmotionalWriter.com . His books claim to be about "  effective communication " and "  marriage counseling tips , " according to the website . "  Derek Medina is an emotional writer . His goal is to save people 's lives thru his books he has published , " the website says . "  My goal is for you , the readers , to open up your eyes and change for the better . " Hours before the slaying , Medina posted a picture of his wife , his daughter and himself having dinner together outdoors at a marina . They were all smiling .	Derek Medina posts a picture of his dead wife 's body to Facebook Online , he tells his "  friends " that they will hear about him in the news He asks for their understanding for what he has done People react in disgust , but share the photo over and over
CNN  -- A Virgin Islands jury has found a veteran Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives special agent not guilty of using excessive force when he intervened and fatally shot a man during a domestic argument in 2008 . ATF Special Agent William G. Clark was cleared of charges Thursday in a case that enraged many federal law enforcement officers who said Clark was heroically coming to the defense of a battered woman . "  ATF has been steadfast in its support of Special Agent Clark and wholeheartedly agrees with the jury 's verdict , " said Thomas Brandon , ATF deputy director , in a written statement . ATF officials said Clark was confronted by Marcus Sukow on September 7 , 2008 , and "  took immediate action to defend himself and others by discharging his firearm to stop the attack . " The incident occurred outside a St. Thomas condominium where all of the main participants were neighbors . While the broad outline of the shooting is undisputed , two government investigations came to starkly different conclusions . A federal government multiple-agency investigation of the incident unanimously concluded the shooting was justified . The ATF even returned Clark 's gun and badge and put him back to work . But a Virgin Islands Police Department investigation prompted prosecutors to charge Clark with second degree murder . Local prosecutors evidently were heavily influenced by two points : First , the dead man was armed only with a flashlight ; second , Clark shot him five times . According to a police affidavit , Clark was leaving his condo when he encountered Sukow and his girlfriend . They had been drinking and were having a "  disagreement . " Federal authorities were so incensed by the Virgin Island 's prosecution of Clark -- and so concerned other federal agents could similarly be prosecuted -- that they removed all ATF agents from the Virgin Islands in 2008 , a policy that continues today , the agency said . The U.S. Virgin Islands is an unincorporated territory of the United States . 2010 : Federal agents nationwide eye ATF agent murder trial CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The charge against Special Agent William G. Clark enraged many federal law officers He had intervened in a domestic argument in 2008 A federal investigation cleared him , but Virgin Islands police charged him with murder
CNN  -- A body found near where a California teen vanished last week on her way home from summer school was confirmed Wednesday to be that of 17-year-old Norma Lopez , a Riverside County Sheriff 's Department spokesman said . The identification was made through dental records , according to Sgt. Joe Barja . Authorities are now treating the case as a homicide investigation , and are searching for any witnesses or information leading to a suspect . Barja declined to reveal the cause of death or reveal any injuries Lopez may have sustained . Lopez was last seen Thursday leaving summer class at Valley View High School in Moreno Valley , about 70 miles east of Los Angeles . She had planned to meet her younger sister and a friend at home . It is believed Lopez , who would have been a senior in the fall , took a short cut through a dirt field to reach the family 's residence . Her sister contacted the police when Lopez never returned home . The body was discovered around 3 p.m. Tuesday , said Deputy Melissa Nieburger of the Riverside County Sheriff 's Department . Nieburger said the body was found about two miles from where Lopez vanished . Police are looking for a green "  SUV type vehicle " that was seen driving away from the area at the time of Lopez 's disappearance . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	Norma Lopez , 17 , disappeared last Thursday A body found Tuesday afternoon was confirmed Wednesday to be the missing teen Police are now treating the case as a homicide investigation
CNN  -- March 2012 will go down as the warmest March in the United States since record-keeping began in 1895 , NOAA said Monday . In addition , the three-month period of January , February and March was the warmest first quarter ever recorded in the Lower 48 states . The average was 42 degrees Fahrenheit , a whopping 6 degrees above the long-term average . A staggering 15,292 warm temperature records were broken ,  7,755 record highs and 7,517 record high overnight lows  , according to Chris Vaccaro , spokesperson for NOAA . "  That 's tremendously excessive . The scope and the scale of warmth was really unprecedented , Vaccaro said . A persistent weather pattern during the month of March led to 25 states east of the Rockies having their warmest March on record , NOAA said . That same pattern was responsible for cooler-than-average conditions in the West Coast states of Washington , Oregon and California , they said . The warm temperatures also contributed to conditions that were favorable for severe thunderstorms and tornadoes . There were 223 preliminary tornado reports during March , a month that averages 80 tornadoes , according to NOAA 's Storm Prediction Center . The majority of these tornadoes occurred during a severe weather outbreak across the Ohio River Valley and Southeast in early March . The outbreak caused 40 deaths and total losses of $ 1.5 billion , making it the first billion-dollar disaster of 2012 . Short-term weather patterns such as the one that affected the United States are poor indicators of global climate trends , however . Parts of the world , most notably Eastern Europe , experienced below-average to extreme cold temperatures this winter . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	January-February-March also was warmest first quarter on record , NOAA reports NOAA : More than 7,700 record highs were recorded during the month March also saw more than 7,500 all-time high overnight lows , weather agency reports Preliminary tornado reports for the month were almost four times the average
CNN  -- Road-tripping to a national park makes for an easy -- and spectacular -- summer getaway . While all the U.S. national parks will be open this summer , forced federal spending cuts mean reduced programs and facility access . The National Park Service has cut 5 % from its 2013 budget . The parks will be open and ready for summer visitors , according to Park Service spokesman Mike Litterest , but these changes are likely : Fewer staff and programs The Park Service will hire approximately 1,000 fewer seasonal employees to provide programs and staffing during the peak summer season . With fewer park employees , visitors may notice delayed road and park openings , reduced hours of operation , fewer program offerings and longer wait times at entrance stations . Shorter seasons Several parks , especially those that close in the winter , have delayed their reopening due to a lack of crews to clear the roads . Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming , for example , opened two weeks late this spring to reduce snow plowing costs , and some secondary roads will reopen only as snow melts . At Acadia National Park in Maine , the winter closure of park facilities was extended by an extra month . Similar delays have happened in Bryce Canyon National Park in Utah and Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado . Selected facilities will not open Portions of a number of parks will not open as a cost saving measure . In Washington state , for example , Mount Rainier National Park will close the Ohanapecosh Visitor Center due to reduced staffing . At Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia , six interpretive sites in the park will remain closed , including the Declaration House , where Thomas Jefferson drafted the Declaration of Independence . And on the Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , Alabama and Tennessee , 14 restrooms along the 444-mile parkway will be closed two days per week , and four will be closed for the entire 2013 season . Closed selected days A number of national parks will close for one or more days a week . This includes the Harry S. Truman National Historic Site in Missouri and Ohio 's James A. Garfield National Historic Site , which will close on Sundays and Mondays , as well as on all federal holidays . Other examples include the Maggie L. Walker National Historic Site in Virginia , which will close on Mondays , and the visitor centers at Voyageurs National Park in Minnesota , which will be closed two days a week . Fewer campgrounds Along the Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia and North Carolina , the Otter Creek , Roanoke Mountain and Crabtree Falls campgrounds will remain closed through the summer ; an additional four picnic areas and three visitor centers will not open this year . Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Tennessee is closing three remote campgrounds and two picnic areas this summer . At Grand Teton National Park , several campsites and restroom facilities will not open this year . Fewer ranger programs Many national parks are reducing the number and schedule of park ranger programs this summer . At Yosemite National Park in California , all programs at the park 's Mariposa Grove are cancelled ; the Shark Valley Visitor Center at Florida 's Everglades National Park is eliminating 60 % of its programs due to staff reductions ; and Petersburg National Battlefield in Virginia is cutting its offerings by more than half . Curtailed maintenance operations Visitors may also be affected by a reduction of routine maintenance . Kentucky 's Mammoth Cave National Park will delay hiring a park electrician and seven seasonal guides , resulting in the closure of the most remote sections of the cave . Trails damaged by high water in Kaloko-Honokohau National Historical Park in Hawaii will remain closed due to lack of staff to repair boundary fences and other areas . And at Glacier National Park in Montana , reduced seasonal hiring at the end of the summer will result in less maintenance , mowing , rock removal , patching , striping and shoulder dressing along the Going to the Sun Road and other main park roads . To find out how your visit might be affected , check the National Park Service website . Adjusted hours , programs and the latest information on changes will be updated for each park throughout the summer .	The National Park Service is hiring 1,000 fewer seasonal employees this summer Some Park Service sites will close on select days or close certain facilities for the summer Ranger programs and maintenance operations will be curtailed in some parks
CNN  -- The U.S. Agriculture Department cited drought and heat on Wednesday in designating 597 counties in 14 states as primary natural disaster areas . "  As drought persists , USDA will continue to partner with producers to see them through longer-term recovery , while taking the swift actions needed to help farmers and ranchers prepare their land and operations for the upcoming planting season , " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a statement . The designations make qualified farmers in the areas eligible for low-interest loans , the agency said . Affected counties have suffered severe drought for eight consecutive weeks , which qualified them for the automatic designation . Richard Oswald , a 62-year-old farmer in Missouri 's Atchison County , said he has been hit hard by the drought but was not sure whether he would take advantage of the drought designation for his county by getting a low-interest loan . "  The hay situation is not good ; the pastures burned up early because of the heat and lack of rain , " said Oswald , who was born on a farm and has been farming since he was a teenager . "  This is the worst drought that I have ever seen . An emergency loan is great , but it 's still borrowed money , and as a farmer , that 's not good because you have to pay it back . " Chad Breiner of Wabaunsee County , Kansas , said the drought has affected his bull-selling business because he uses grass for feed and has to buy hay . "  The fact that it has n't rained significantly since June is going to make 2013 look rather bleak because the ponds are low , the creeks are low , and without adequate moisture in the next few months when grazing comes up , our production is going to be significantly less than normal , " he said . Last year , the USDA designated 2,245 counties in 39 states , or 71 percent of the United States , as disaster areas due to drought . Australians battle wildfires Wednesday 's announcement comes a day after the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said that 2012 had been the hottest year on record for the continental United States and the second-worst for "  extreme " weather such as hurricanes , droughts or floods . The year 's average temperature of 55.3 degrees Fahrenheit across the "  Lower 48 " was more than 3.2 degrees warmer than the average for the 20th century , NOAA reported . That topped the previous record , set in 1998 , by a full degree . Drought shriveled crops across the farm belt , leading to an expected rise in food prices in 2013 , according to USDA . It also turned forests of the mountain West into tinder stands that exploded into wildfires over the summer , scorching millions of acres and destroying hundreds of homes . Seven of the 10 hottest years on U.S. record , which date to 1895 , and four of the hottest five have occurred since 1990 , according to NOAA . Rough winter weather hits Middle East The year also saw Arctic sea ice hit a record low in more than 30 years of satellite observations and studies that found the world 's major ice sheets have been shrinking at an increasing rate . Scientists are quick to point out that no single storm can be blamed on climate change , but say a warming world raises the odds of extreme weather . "  I think , unfortunately , 2012 really may well be the new normal , " said Daniel Lashof , director of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council , a U.S. environmental group . "  It 's the kind of year we expect , given the global warming trend is ongoing . " The science of global warming is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most researchers , who point to heat-trapping carbon emissions from the burning of fossil fuels as the major cause . CNN 's Matt Smith and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is the worst drought I 've ever seen , " says 62-year-old Missouri farmer The designations make farmers eligible for low-interest loans Help kicks in automatically after eight consecutive weeks of severe drought 597 counties in 14 states are designated primary natural disaster areas
Chicago  CNN  -- The week-old teachers strike in Chicago 's public schools will continue into the new week , after a representative group of the Chicago Teachers Union decided not to end the walkout even though union leaders and school officials had reached a tentative contract deal . The move left Mayor Rahm Emanuel vowing to go to court to force teachers back to work , calling Sunday 's actions by the union "  a delay of choice that is wrong for our children . " The mayor announced in a statement that he 's asked city lawyers "  to file an injunction in circuit court to immediately end this strike . " He contended the strike is illegal because "  it is over issues that are deemed by state law to be nonstrikable , and it endangers the health and safety of our children . " "  I will not stand by while the children of Chicago are played as pawns in an internal dispute within a union , " Emanuel said . Members of the teachers ' bargaining team detailed the proposed contract to a group of 800 union representatives , called the House of Delegates , in a meeting Sunday afternoon . But Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis said that , after extensive debate , the delegates said they wanted more time to discuss the contract with union members . The House of Delegates will reconvene Tuesday afternoon , at which point delegates could decide to end the strike -- or not . If they do , classes could resume at earliest on Wednesday . And even if the strike is ended , the more than 26,000-member union 's rank-and-file would still have the opportunity at some point to accept , or reject , the proposed contract . As of Sunday , though , Lewis said a "  clear majority " of union delegates did not want to suspend the strike given the proposed contract . "  They are not happy with the agreement , " Lewis said . There were no classes all last week for more than 350,000 students in Chicago , home to the nation 's third-largest school system , when the union went on strike after failing to reach a contract agreement with school board officials . Why they teach despite it all The negotiations have taken place behind closed doors . Publicly , the past week has been marked by sometimes biting remarks , as well as vocal picketing in and around the city 's schools , some of which opened for a few hours each weekday to give some students a place to go during the strike . Both sides indicated Friday that they 'd reached a tentative agreement , though teachers union leaders stressed then that any decision to end the strike or not would be determined this weekend . Lewis , from the teachers union , said that one problem is that "  there 's no trust " of school board members . Delegates found several elements of the contract problematic , with the union president calling job security chief among them . "  The big elephant in the room is the closing of 200 schools , " Lewis said . "  Union members  are concerned about this city 's decision on some level to close schools . " It was not immediately clear where Lewis got the 200 figure or when she believes such school closures might happen . But Marielle Sainvilus , a spokeswoman for Chicago Public Schools , called Lewis ' claim "  false , " asserting that union leaders said a few days ago that 100 schools would close , and "  I 'm sure it 'll be another number tomorrow . " "  All Ms. Lewis is trying to do is distract away from the fact that she and her leadership are using our kids as pawns in this process , " Sainvilus told CNN by e-mail . Another point of contention involves the teacher evaluation system , Lewis said . The tentative contract would change it for first time since 1967 , taking into account "  student growth  for the  first time , " according to the school system . And those teachers who are rated as "  unsatisfactory and developing " could potentially be laid off . A parent on the impact of the strike Principals would keep "  full authority " to hire teachers , and the school system will now have hiring standards for those with credentials beyond a teacher certification . In addition , "  highly rated teachers " who lost their jobs when their schools were closed can "  follow their students to the consolidated school , " according to a summary of the proposed contract from Chicago Public Schools . This contract calls for longer school days for elementary and high school-age students , 10 more "  instructional days " each school year and a single calendar for the entire school system , as opposed to the two schedules now in place , depending on the school . The pay structure would change with a 3 % pay hike for the first year of the contract , 2 % for the second year and 2 % for the third year . If a trigger extends the contract to four years , teachers would get a 3 % pay increase . Union members would no longer be compensated for unused personal days , health insurance contribution rates will be frozen and the "  enhanced pension program " is being eliminated . As is , the median base salary for teachers in the Chicago public schools in 2011 was $ 67,974 , according to the system 's annual financial report . With the strike now continuing , the school system plans to open 147 "  Children First " sites citywide Monday for students to go to , in addition to programs run by the city 's park department and neighborhood organizations , Chicago Board of Education President David Vitale said . But Vitale said that he , like the mayor , is "  extremely disappointed " that such programs are necessary . He noted that classes began , for some students , on August 13 and that he did n't understand why they could n't continue as work continues to finalize a contract deal . "  There is no reason why our kids can not be in school while the union reviews the agreement , " Vitale said . For high school athletes , strike could put scholarships on the line CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : A school spokeswoman says union claim 200 schools will close is "  false " "  The big elephant in the room " is possible school closings , the union chief said A union committee decides not to end the week-old teachers strike despite a tentative deal Chicago 's mayor pushes for a court injunction to end the teachers strike immediately
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has issued a warning to American citizens traveling or residing in Uganda to maintain a high level of vigilance as a major African Union summit gets underway Monday . The security warning comes a week after a trio of bombings killed 74 people in Uganda 's capital , Kampala , during the World Cup final . Many of those killed and injured had gathered to watch the match . A Somali Islamist militant movement claimed responsibility for the July 11 bombings at two venues . "  All U.S. citizens should consider the possibility of similar terrorist attacks occurring in conjunction with the African Union Summit , " officials said in a statement released Friday . The summit , which will focus heavily on maternal and child health , began Sunday and continues through July 27 , according to the African Union website . Officials are encouraging Americans to take appropriate steps to increase their security awareness in large public gatherings , which they say can be vulnerable targets for extremist or terrorist groups . The travel alert expires August 15 .	The U.S. State Department issues a travel warning for Uganda The alert comes a week after bombings killed 74 in Kampala during the World Cup final Americans should "  maintain a high level of vigilance , " officials say The travel alert expires August 15
Health.com  -- People with chronic pain who are n't getting enough relief from medications may be able to ease their pain by smoking small amounts of marijuana , a new study suggests . Marijuana also helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly , according to the report , one of the first real-world studies to look at the medicinal use of smoked marijuana . Most previous research has used extracts of tetrahydrocannabinol  THC  , the active ingredient in the cannabis plant . "  This is the first time anyone has done a trial of smoked cannabis on an outpatient basis , " says the lead researcher , Mark Ware , M.B.B.S. , the director of clinical research at McGill University 's Alan Edwards Centre for Research on Pain , in Montreal . Health.com : Medicinal marijuana , state by state The study included 21 adults with nervous-system  neuropathic  pain stemming from surgery , accidents , or other trauma . Fourteen of the participants were on short-term disability or permanently disabled . All of them had tried marijuana before , but none were current or habitual smokers . "  They were not experienced marijuana users , " Ware says . "  They came because they had severe pain that was not responding to any conventional treatment . " Each patient in the study smoked four different strengths of marijuana over a period of 56 days . The THC potency ranged from 9.4 percent -- the strongest dose the researchers could obtain legally -- to 0 percent , a "  placebo " pot that looked and tasted like the real thing but was stripped of THC .  By comparison , the strongest marijuana available on the street has a THC potency of about 15 percent , Ware estimates . Health.com : Medical marijuana may help fibromyalgia pain The participants -- who were n't told which strength they were getting -- were instructed to smoke a thimbleful  25 milligrams  from a small pipe three times a day for five days . After a nine-day break , they switched to a different potency . The highest dose of THC yielded the best results . It lessened pain and improved sleep more effectively than the placebo and the two medium-strength doses  which produced no measurable relief  , and it also reduced anxiety and depression . The effects lasted for about 90 minutes to two hours , according to the study . The results were published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal . Health.com : 8 natural remedies to help you sleep Though small , the study adds to a growing body of evidence suggesting that cannabis has painkilling properties that may be useful in medicine , perhaps in addition to other treatments . THC extracts have been shown to help ease cancer pain and the nausea associated with chemotherapy , while a few small studies in hospital populations have found that smoked marijuana can help relieve neuropathic pain . But medical marijuana is n't ready to become a mainstream chronic pain treatment , says Andrew McDavid , M.D. , director of the division of pain management at Scott & White Healthcare , in Temple , Texas . "  The studies out there show some decrease in pain , but it 's not alarmingly or shockingly great , " says McDavid , who was not involved in the new research . "  Although it may have some use , it 's probably going to need to be used with something else , if it 's approved . " As the study notes , the pain relief the patients experienced from marijuana was modest compared to that seen in studies of analgesic medications such as gabapentin  Neurontin  and pregabalin  Lyrica  . Health.com : 6 mistakes pain patients make Christopher Gharibo , M.D. , an anesthesiologist at the New York University Hospital for Joint Diseases , in New York City , points out that the study did n't address whether marijuana enabled the patients to perform everyday activities without pain -- the best test of a chronic pain treatment . "  I 'm not convinced -LSB- marijuana -RSB- helps from a functional standpoint , " he says . "  I 'm not even impressed by the pain reduction . We have analgesics that do much better . " The potential long-term side effects of habitual marijuana use could prove problematic as well , Gharibo adds . Over time some patients may experience weight gain , a generalized feeling of sedation , and even changes in mood and cognitive function , he says . Health.com : Can psychedelic drugs treat depression ? The study participants did report some minor side effects , including coughing , dizziness , headache , and dry eyes . Few reported feeling "  high " or euphoric , however , which suggests that abuse or addiction is not a major concern with amounts as small as those used in the study . "  We had a total of three single episodes where patients felt a little bit high , " Ware says . "  So it was extremely rare . The possibility that one would become addicted is low . " Still , if marijuana were to become a more common pain treatment , it 's possible that some patients might overdo it , McDavid says . "  We saw the problem with narcotics . You ca n't ever predict which people , when prescribed , will abuse it or not . Obviously there needs to be more research . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Smoking small amounts of marijuana could help relieve people with chronic pain Marijuana helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly The highest dose of THC yielded the best results Medical marijuana is n't ready to become a mainstream chronic pain treatment
CNN  -- Libyan government tanks were shelling civilian areas in Misrata Tuesday and government forces were using heavy artillery as well , bringing "  absolute and utter carnage " to the city , a witness told CNN . Government forces were also evicting thousands of residents and looting their homes , according to the source with the Libyan opposition . Rebels were using schools and mosques to accommodate the evicted , he said . "  Things are getting so much worse " in the city , he said . Coalition planes circled overhead but did not strike the tanks , he said . In an interview with CNN , he pleaded for coalition forces to take action and stop the government troops . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces were "  advancing in all directions of the city , " he said . Battles have been under way in Misrata for weeks . The Libyan government took some journalists to Misrata Monday in an effort to suggest that Gadhafi 's regime had control of the city , but did not allow journalists into the city center , which rebels have said they control . Misrata is in western Libya , east of Tripoli .	A witness says coalition planes are circling overhead but not striking Gadhafi 's forces are advancing in all directions , the witness says The Libyan government claims to control Misrata
CNN  -- Washington appears to be run by screenwriters , where the rule is to get as close to the cliff as possible . Drive off , if it wo n't be too unbelievable . Then -- like young James T. Kirk in the J.J. Abrams reboot of Star Trek -- jump out as the car plunges to the bottom and climb your way back up . That 's great Hollywood -- and perhaps the best-case scenario in Washington as lawmakers drive toward the fiscal cliff . There 's an upside too . If you watch the news closely , you 'll see our Washington leaders making the classic mistakes that bad negotiators make . You 'll see when they should be changing direction , doing B instead of A. And you 'll be improving your own negotiation skills along the way . I 'm totally serious here : As you watch , notice what they should be doing , instead of what they are doing , and it 's likely that you 'll act more effectively when you have to negotiate a new house , a big sale , or a pay increase to cover the increase in your taxes if lawmakers drive over the edge . Over the past 20 years , I 've helped organizations of all kinds negotiate the sale of companies , contracts for C-suite executives , and union-management agreements . I 've also taught negotiation techniques to members of law enforcement -- many SWAT teams and their federal counterparts . Here 's what I can tell you : Negotiation has three steps and three rules . Let 's look at what should be happening in Washington . Step 1 . Say what you want and ask the people on other side what they want . What results is "  positions " -- what each side says it wants . You tell the car dealer that you 'd like $ 5,000 more for your trade-in than you really think you can get . It 's not what you expect , but it 's a way to start the negotiation . Opinion : Beware the fiscal cliff deniers The first serious set of positions came out from Republicans on December 3 . The Democrats got there a bit sooner . This step should have been over a couple of days after the election . Step 2 : One side steps up and asks why the other 's position is what it is , and keeps asking "  why " until it gets to core values . Do n't laugh , but in the real world it works like this : Democrats to Republicans : "  How come ` no tax increases ' is so vital for you ? " Republicans to Democrats : "  Why is it so important to raise taxes on households making over $ 250,000 ? " These questions "  surface " each side 's interests , the reasons behind the positions , as William Ury , Roger Fisher and Bruce Patton note in their classic "  Getting to Yes : Negotiating Agreement Without Giving In . " I once worked in a hospital where the nurses insisted on a large percentage increase in their pay . Stuck at step one , they 'd repeat what they wanted , and the hospital executives would call them greedy and out of touch , often with the press listening . The nurses responded that the hospital was run by greedy trolls who only cared about making money . Things moved forward when someone asked the nurses why that position was so important . "  It 's about fairness , " they said . When the nurses were asked why fairness is so important , they said "  respect . " They felt disrespected by the process , the various offers , and being kept out of hospital decision-making . When they settled , a part of the deal was -- are you sitting down ? -- that they wanted to put in more time , invest more passion and expertise , and have a greater sense of ownership in the hospital . Opinion : Millionaires ' tax bracket would be a smart compromise By the hospital giving them a fair slice of its financial success , through a sort of profit-sharing deal , the nurses did better than they would have done with just the straight percentage increase . And they won -- emotionally and financially . People will surrender a position if it helps them achieve what they 're really after . The hospital executives went through a similar process . Their position was that the nurses would get no increase . Why zero ? "  Market realities " -- salary surveys showing that they were already paid fairly . Why were market realities important ? Because the executives wanted the hospital to be the best in its market , in all respects . The core value for the executives was "  best of the best . " Notice the Hollywood ending that results : The executives and nurses both got more than they originally wanted , and both were invested in making it happen . Research my colleagues and I published found that groups get far better results when decisions are based on values rather than compromise or interests alone . Step 3 : Build a specific plan based on the core values . Compromise only when core values pull in opposite directions . I 'm not talking a grand bargain here , just an agreement that honors the core values of each side . I 've seen groups go through this process in an hour , even when the difficulties were more complicated than those facing Washington . Here 's the question to address : How do we put together a plan that honors opportunity , growth , fairness , and responsibility ? The plan will have lots of pieces , but lawmakers could get to the skeleton of the plan in half a day . President Obama said a week . I 'm not sure we 'll have a week by the time people decide to do their jobs . Opinion : How Obama can win a deal In Washington , what we need is a band of leaders to take the key clamoring politicians off site , without cameras or press conferences . Camp David was meant for such occasions . Or to keep costs down , how about a conference room at a Motel 6 ? Once there , they also need to make sure they are honoring the three rules of negotiations : Never go in with your hands tied . Many Republicans signed Grover Norquist 's no-tax-hike pledge . This puts them in a lose-lose position , and a few are expressing that realization . Without the ability to negotiate freely , their Democratic counterparts know Republicans are hampered . The cure : Have every Republican revoke his or her pledge , as a few have already done . They may still vote for a no-tax deal , but they ca n't negotiate in good faith with that pledge over their heads . Think of a marriage in crisis . The best way to save the situation is to put everything on the table -- including possible divorce -- and then go through the steps I outlined here . Only by setting their positions down , and moving to the deeper levels , can the people have their best shot at a great outcome . Ironically , the more you hold to a position , the less likely you are to get it . Do n't go straight for a compromise . The Democrats get a flag on field here . The tone is : "  The election is over , now let 's meet in the middle -- you get some of what you want , and we get some of what we want . " Wrong , dead wrong . Go through the process . Do n't confuse positions with core values . The Republicans get the penalty flag here . "  No new taxes " is a position , not a core value . People should never compromise on their core values , but they should be prepared to let go of their positions . Likewise , for Democrats , "  go back to the pre-Bush tax rates for the wealthy " is a position , not a core value . The core values are far more interesting : growth , opportunity , fairness , and responsibility . Imagine a bill , signed by the president , that honored those principles , instead of merely cobbling together the demands of both parties . Everyone wins , and the lawmakers would truly be leaders . Get out the popcorn and let 's see how close to this fiscal cliff we get . With these principles in mind , you will leave the drama with better skills to negotiate your future . Really , this is n't that hard . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Logan .	Dave Logan : Fiscal cliff negotiations have the cooked-up suspense of a Hollywood movie Watch closely if you want to see how not to make a deal ; real negotiation has rules , he says He says both sides should state positions , then reveal "  core values " and build deal from there Logan : Do n't go in with hands tied ; do n't confuse positions with core values
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The pope looked unscathed Friday as he delivered his Christmas message in St. Peter 's Square , just hours after a woman jumped a barrier and dragged him down during Christmas Eve Mass. . Pope Benedict XVI , 82 , delivered the traditional address known as "  Urbi et Orbi " -- Latin for "  To the City and the World , " sending a message of hope to the world 's afflicted . He recognized those who have been affected by the global financial crisis , and by war and conflict . "  May your hearts be filled with hope and joy for the savior has been born for us , " he said . He expressed solidarity with the victims of natural disasters and poverty , especially mentioning those who were forced to flee their homes . "  In the face of the exodus of all those who migrate from their homelands and are driven away by hunger , intolerance or environmental degradation , the church is a presence calling others to an attitude of acceptance and welcome , " he said . He then sent Christmas greetings in 65 languages with tens of thousands gathered before him . The pope was not injured when an assailant , identified as Susanna Maiolo , lunged at him during mass Thursday night , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi said . Maiolo , 25 , is the same woman who tried to attack the pontiff on Christmas Eve last year , Lombardi said . She was detained by Vatican police and then taken to a mental institution , he added . The pope was quickly helped to his feet by his aides -- prompting cheers from the crowd -- and the service resumed , Lombardi said . John Allen , senior Vatican analyst for CNN , said such security breaches are n't uncommon . "  As compared to say , the president of the United States , the security membrane around the pope is pretty thin and fairly permeable , " he said , citing similar past incidents , including one that happened last Christmas Eve . Allen said that generally , these disruptions are caused by people who are n't seeking real harm , but who want to be close to the pope . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict XVI dragged to ground by woman during Christmas Eve Mass Pope delivers Christmas Day message ; was unhurt in incident , Vatican says Woman who dragged pope to ground is same one who tried to reach him last year Cardinal caught up in incident suffered broken leg , Vatican says
A Spanish judge issued international arrest warrants Monday for China 's former President Jiang Zemin and former Prime Minister Li Peng for alleged genocide against the people of Tibet , Spain 's National Court in Madrid said . The warrants against them and three other senior Chinese officials are the latest chapter in a long-running lawsuit by pro-Tibetan groups and a dual Tibetan-Spanish citizen who seek international legal action against some Chinese officials . Judge Ismael Moreno issued the arrest warrants for alleged "  genocide , torture and crimes against humanity , " and ordered them to be sent to Interpol , the international police agency , according to a copy of the order viewed by CNN . The former officials will surely not be arrested in China , but there 's a "  medium chance " of them being arrested if they go abroad , "  depending on the country and its ethics , " said Alan Cantos , president of the Barcelona-based Tibet Support Committee . Cantos expressed satisfaction with the judge 's order , which his group has been pushing with its co-plaintiffs : the House of Tibet Foundation and Thubten Wangchen Sherpa Sherpa , a Tibetan who has lived in Spain for about 20 years and has Spanish citizenship . "  It shows that justice after all works , against all odds . If you let justice work , victims can have retribution , " Cantos said . The arrest warrants came on the eve of a debate in Spanish parliament , on Tuesday , that reportedly could restrict the use of the universal justice principle in Spanish courts . It holds that if human rights abuses are n't addressed in the country where they occurred , a separate country -- in this case , Spain -- has the right to seek legal action . Spanish courts have applied the principle in trying to seek justice for abuses committed under some former Latin American military regimes , but some foreign governments have complained about Spanish courts meddling in their affairs . Repeated phone calls to the Chinese Embassy in Madrid went unanswered . On Tuesday , Hua Chunying , China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson , said that Beijing was "  strongly dissatisfied " and "  firmly opposed to the erroneous acts " taken by Spanish agencies .	Former President Jiang Zemin , former Prime Minister Li Peng are accused of genocide Warrants against them and three other officials are the latest in a suit by pro-Tibetan groups Tibet Support Committee chief : There 's a chance they 'll be arrested if they go abroad Warrants come just before Spain debates seeking justice for foreign human rights abuses
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Long lines formed under the watchful eye of American and multinational troops as a wide-scale food distribution effort reached capacity Thursday in Port-au-Prince , Haiti . Nearly 160,000 Haitian women each collected a 25-kilogram  55 pounds  bag of rice under a distribution plan coordinated by the United Nations , several private humanitarian agencies and the Haitian government . The effort was launched Sunday but not all 16 fixed distribution points around the capital were operational until Thursday . So far , 600,000 people affected by the devastating January 12 earthquake have been able to collect food under this plan , said Marcus Prior , spokesman for the United Nations World Food Programme . "  We 're encouraged by the way the system is working to get food out into the city to those in need , but still have a long way to go , " Prior said . Only women were given food coupons beforehand and allowed to stand in line to collect for their families . "  Our long experience in food distribution tells us that by delivering food into the hands of women , it is more likely to be redistributed equitably among the household -- including the men , " Prior said . U.S. and U.N. troops have been keeping strict control over the crowds . Prior said the distribution plan has been orderly so far . The death toll from the earthquake has reached 212,000 , Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive said Thursday . More than 300,000 people were injured and more than 1 million were made homeless , he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . "	United Nations , humanitarian agencies , Haitian government sponsor program Nearly 160,000 Haitian women each collect 25-kilogram bag of rice Thursday Only women given food coupons and allowed to stand in line Death toll at 212,000 , Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Is Jerry Brown planning to run for governor of California next year ? He sure sounded like it when I spoke with him this week . Jerry Brown , a one-time governor of California , is reportedly looking to run again next year . Brown was first elected governor of California in 1974 . At age 36 . He was -- and still is -- the state 's youngest governor since the turn of the 20th century . And now ? "  I think about the problems of California all the time , and , with the experience I 've had as attorney general , lawyer to most of the state agencies , mayor for eight years and governor for eight years , I 'd like to tackle the challenges that face the state , " Brown told me . "  I do n't say that solving that budget thing is going to come easy , maybe not even in the first year , but I really think I can make an impact , particularly in energy , prison reform , education and water . " Brown , currently the state 's attorney general , adds : "  I would work very hard to transcend the poison of partisanship which has totally changed state government for the worse since I was there . " In fact , polls suggest Brown is the frontrunner in next year 's race for California governor . He 's 71 years old . If he wins , he would also become California 's oldest governor . Republican contender Steve Poizner alluded to that fact when his Web site marked the 40th anniversary of the day Brown first ran for public office . "  When it comes to Jerry Brown and Election Day for California voters , it reminds us of the film ` Groundhog Day . ' Every day is the same . Jerry 's always on the ballot , " Poizner said . California 's got huge problems , daunting even for "  The Governator , " Arnold Schwarzenegger . So I asked Brown , "  Why would anybody want to be governor of California ? " "  That is really a critical question . Having been there , I have to reflect on that , " Brown answered . "  It is an impossible job , or nearly impossible , but quite frankly I love this kind of work . " For Brown , it 's the challenge -- one challenge in particular . "  That 's one of the reasons I 'm seriously thinking about running , " Brown told me . "  I consider a it challenge worthy of all the imagination and energy I can bring to bear to try to unravel this poisonous partisan mess that state government has become . " During his two terms as governor , Brown captured the public imagination . He was new , young , unconventional , cutting edge . He was called "  Governor Moonbeam . " Has he changed ? Well , he did get married four years ago . "  When I was governor , I was n't married . I stayed at the office until 11 or 12 o'clock at night and then went and spent a little time in Sacramento , " Brown said . "  Other people say that I 'm a hell of a lot better now , having married Anne . All I can say is , good , I 'm glad of that . " Can a 71-year-old man still be cutting edge ? His thinking remains unconventional . "  I went to a Jesuit seminary and I lived in a very authoritarian , very black-and-white world , " Brown explained . "  When I left that a long time ago , I retained a skepticism and an independence and an inquiring mind that does n't easily fit into the mold of either of the parties . " Brown may be the only politician ever brought down by an insect . In 1981 , his handling of a Mediterranean fruit fly infestation that threatened the state 's crops caused a lot of voters to hit the roof and doomed his 1982 Senate campaign . Asked about his biggest mistakes , Brown answers Jesuitically . "  Even though I used to go to confession quite regularly in my youth , I hesitate to enumerate my flaws . My critics have done that so eloquently that I would rather leave it there , " Brown told me . Brown ran for president three times . Does he still harbor those ambitions ? "  I 'd say those ambitions have dissipated with time . Certainly , if I do run for governor , that 's enough for one lifetime , " Brown says today . When Brown lost his bid for the Senate in 1982 , he turned around and started a whole new political career , from the bottom : party chairman , radio talk show host , mayor of Oakland , and now attorney general . Who says there are no second acts in American lives ? After all , this is California .	Jerry Brown is currently California 's attorney general Polls suggest Brown is the frontrunner in next year 's race for California governor Brown was first elected governor of California in 1974 "  I would work very hard to transcend the poison of partisanship , " he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The head of a shipping company recently victimized by pirates off the Somali coast told lawmakers Tuesday that U.S. cargo crews should be allowed to arm themselves in response to the rising hijacking threat . In April , pirates attacked The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , but were unable to board . Philip Shapiro , head of Liberty Maritime Corp. , told a U.S. Senate Commerce subcommittee that the owners of U.S.-flagged "  have done all they can within the law to protect our crews . " Unfortunately , he said , U.S. vessels are still largely at the mercy of pirates in shipping lanes around the heavily trafficked Gulf of Aden . "  In light of the recent threats to U.S. merchant mariners , we respectfully request that Congress consider clearing the obstacles that currently block ship owners from arming our vessels , " Shapiro said . Pirates unsuccessfully attempted to board the Liberty Sun , a cargo vessel owned by Shapiro 's company , near the Somali coast on April 14 . The ship was on a humanitarian relief mission at the time , carrying 47,000 tons of food to Mombassa , Kenya . Pirate leaders later said the attempted hijacking was carried out as revenge after the U.S. Navy killed three pirates involved in a failed attack on the cargo ship Maersk Alabama . The slain pirates were holding Capt. Richard Phillips , who was in charge of the Alabama when it was boarded April 8 . "  We 've heard some suggestions that U.S.-flagged ship owners have not done enough to protect their vessels , " Shapiro said . "  That view ... is flat wrong . Our company adopted every measure recommended by the international maritime organizations and required by the Coast Guard 's approved security plan for making the vessel a difficult piracy target -- and more . " Merchant vessels do n't usually carry firearms , he said , but the "  Maersk Alabama incident constitutes a game changer . ... Self-proclaimed pirate leaders have now issued direct threats of violence against American merchant mariners . " Shapiro said that U.S. crews have a right to self-defense under U.S. laws dating back to 1819 , but "  recently enacted State Department arms export regulations effectively prohibit the arming of vessels . " He also said that ship owners are at risk of "  being second-guessed in U.S. and foreign courts for self-defensive measures that were common in 1819 . " Shapiro urged congressional leaders to help "  bring U.S. law up to date and give us the legal framework we need to be able to protect ourselves . " Until then , he said , U.S. naval escorts or government security teams will be required for U.S. vessels on high-risk transits . Shapiro was joined at the committee hearing by Phillips , who said the most desirable response would be the establishment of U.S. military escorts as well as military detachments . Phillips repeated an assertion he made before a separate Senate committee last week that arming vessels ' crews could provide an effective deterrent -- but only under certain limited circumstances . "  Unless the root causes of piracy are addressed -LSB- on land -RSB- , piracy will continue to expand and evolve into an even greater threat for American and foreign seamen , " Phillips said . A Transportation Department official testifying at the hearing noted that the ships most vulnerable to attack are those built low to the water with insufficient top speeds . Ships need to be able to accelerate to "  a high rate of speed -LSB- for -RSB- aggressive maneuvering " and should have high walls that are tough for pirates to scale , said Undersecretary of Transportation Roy Kienitz . He recommended that ship owners mandate a range of "  best practices , " including having fire hoses to spray water over the side of a ship and extra manning for watches during dawn and dusk , when attacks are tougher to detect . Shapiro said that the crew of the Liberty Sun was able to fend off the pirate attack in part by rigging fire hoses to cover the stern of the vessel and "  create a virtual flood wall of water coming off the ship . " Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , applauded the efforts of the crews on both the Alabama and the Liberty Sun . "  These bandits have to be stopped , " he said at the opening of the hearing . "  Violence and lawlessness will not be tolerated whether on land , in the sky or at sea . We have a duty to protect the ships that proudly fly America 's flag . "	Liberty Maritime Corp. chief speaks before U.S. Senate Commerce subcommittee He says U.S. vessels are at mercy of pirates around the busy Gulf of Aden Pirates tried , failed to board one of his company 's cargo ships , the Liberty Sun Richard Phillips , the hijacked Maersk Alabama captain , joined him at the hearing
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and five others injured in a car bomb blast near Yemen 's Oil Ministry , government officials said Sunday . The explosions happened near the rear entrance of the ministry , which is located in the capital , Sanaa , where security has been tightened in the last few weeks . An Oil Ministry official told CNN the bomb is believed to have been planted under a car belonging to an officer . "  Security is very tight in the area and we believe those behind the attack were hoping the vehicle would be allowed to enter the ministry compound and explode inside , " the official told CNN . "  Security is always tight at the ministry , but if the vehicle had exploded inside the compound , there would have been dozens of deaths , " said Sanaa resident Bakri al-Areqi , who lives near the ministry . Yemen 's defense and interior ministry officials confirmed the blast had occurred . It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack . Strict checkpoints have been put up on roads leading to the oil and defense ministries . Two soldiers were killed and 14 others were injured Tuesday when a bomb planted under a military bus exploded in Sanaa , authorities said . The soldiers were on their way to work from another district of the capital . Violence continues on a daily basis in Sanaa , with thousands of troops still stationed on the streets . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Car bomb explodes near Yemeni Oil Ministry Three people killed , five injured in the explosion Security has been stepped up in Sanaa in last few weeks Two soldiers killed in bus blast last week
CNN  U.S. helicopter gunships supported Iraqi ground forces battling ISIS militants in al-Baghdadi , military sources said , an action that brings U.S. troops closer to combat . On Saturday , the U.S. military said al-Baghdadi was "  contested , " as Iraqi forces fought back . The U.S. military Friday deployed attack helicopters against an ISIS assault on the strategic Ayn al-Assad Air Base about 15 kilometers  9 miles  south of al-Baghdadi , sources said . Iraqi ground forces killed those attackers and the Apaches safely returned to base without firing a shot , the source said . Robert Baer , a former CIA officer , said the battles may indicate a deepening involvement of U.S. troops in the fight against ISIS . "  I think what we 're seeing here is mission creep , " he said . "  The Iraqi army is not up to the task . And without the United States Air Force and the military on the ground , a lot of these ... bases would be overrun . " Mark Hertling , a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general , said he thought the Iraqi army was improving . "  I think the Iraqi government is getting it back together and , yes , they do need help from coalition forces , U.S. forces right now , " he said . "  But they 're coming around and they realize what a scourge this organization -LSB- ISIS -RSB- is . " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby described the battle at the air base , saying , "  It looks like they at least got to the outer base limits . We 're still looking at this and it 's hard to say whether they breached the perimeter or not . But they certainly got to the perimeter level at the very least . " He said 20-25 people led by suicide bombers made the attack . Most , if not all , of the attackers were wearing Iraqi military uniforms , Kirby said . The base is huge -- roughly the size of Boulder , Colorado , Kirby said . That city is nearly 25 square miles . And U.S. forces were "  several kilometers " away from where the fighting happened , the Pentagon said in a statement . Ayn al-Assad , the largest military base in western Anbar province still under government control , is where U.S. instructors train Iraqi pilots . Nearly 800 members of Iraqi security forces are training with coalition forces at the air base , the U.S. Central Command said . And while military officials say the U.S. forces were not directly threatened in the skirmish , Kirby acknowledged that "  no question that they 're close to danger . " The U.S. team there -- some 400 strong -- does n't feel immediately threatened , but do have the "  right , responsibility , obligation to shoot back " should militants threaten them , Kirby said . U.S. officials have repeatedly downplayed the possibility of renewed ground combat in Iraq after the expensive and divisive U.S. combat operation that drew to a close with the final withdrawal of troops in 2011 . But U.S. and coalition airstrikes do continue in the area . From Thursday into Friday , aircraft from the international coalition against ISIS carried out eight airstrikes in Syria and seven in Iraq , CENTCOM said . Five of the Iraq airstrikes targeted ISIS units and equipment near Ayn al-Assad . The other two attacked targets near Mosul and Sinjar . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the airstrikes killed at least 20 ISIS militants . One civilian died . CNN 's Phil Black , said that Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were starting to move from the north toward the city of Sinjar , held by ISIS since the summer . The militants ' seizure of the city provoked a major humanitarian crisis as its ethnic minority Yazidi population fled onto the rocky slopes of Mount Sinjar , where many became trapped without food and water . The Kurdish fighters are on the offensive but face a long , difficult battle to win back the city from ISIS , whose fighters are firmly in control there . On Thursday , ISIS attacked Peshmerga fighters in Sinjar , as well as Kurdish forces positioned north of Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , and the town of Ba ` shiqa , east of Mosul . As fighting on the ground continued , ISIS pressed forward with its propaganda campaign . The organization released photos purporting to show ISIS attacks on security checkpoints near Ramadi and posted video purporting to show them parading captured Peshmerga fighters through the streets in cages . ISIS claims the video was shot in the Kirkuk province of Iraq . ISIS offered up video showing them fixing roads in the al Nibai area , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  north of Baghdad . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the images . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Jamie Crawford , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Hamdi Alkhshali and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	U.S. helicopter gunships support Iraqi troops battling ISIS , military sources say It 's unclear whether militants got past the perimeter of the base housing U.S. forces , a Pentagon spokesman says
CNN  Atletico Madrid stunned their city rivals Real after thrashing them 4-0 in what must count as one of the most humiliating derby defeats in recent memory . The Spanish champions took a first half lead after Real 's goalkeeper Iker Casillas fumbled Tiago 's shot into his own net . Although there was little Casillias could do about Saul Niguez 's stunning overhead kick that gave Atletico a 2-0 halftime lead . The visitors had hoped to cement their strong position in this season 's title battle with the return of Cristiano Ronaldo , who had been suspended for two matches following a sending off last month . But Atletico pushed on in the second half with goals from Antoine Griezmann and Mario Mandzukic sealing a historic derby day victory . Atletico are now unbeaten against Real in six matches . Angry Ancelotti "  It is easy to analyze this game because Atletico were better in every facet of the game : they fought more , had more quality on the ball , had better organization , everything , " Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti told AFP after the match , calling it "  the worst game we have played since I have been coach . " "  We will reflect on it in the coming days with a cool head . We will suffer a lot from this defeat , but we need to change this attitude and avoid it happening in another game in the future , " he added . "  We failed at everything , we lost all the tackles , all the high balls . We did n't have one player who played well . " Ronaldo unhappy Equally as unhappy was Cristiano Ronaldo . His return from suspension did little to revive what was a limp and lifeless Real performance . "  Real Madrid can not lose 4-0 against anyone , " said Ronaldo . "  We lacked desire , attitude , everything . The team was n't fresh mentally or physically , but there are no excuses . The damage is done . " Atletico coach Diego Simeone , meanwhile , was ecstatic at his team 's performance . "  I always insist that the players are the most important people , " he said . "  Today their capacity to understand what we needed and execute it was fantastic . " The victory has revived Atletico 's flagging title aspirations . They sit in third , with Real 's lead at the top cut to seven points . Barcelona , in second place and four points behind Real , will hope to take advantage Sunday when they play Athletic Bilbao	Real lost 4-0 in the Madrid derby They lost despite return of Cristiano Ronaldo Atletico now unbeaten in six Madrid derbies
London , England  CNN  -- It was n't Julia Roberts , Angelina Jolie or even Meryl Streep that was named the most profitable actress of the decade -- instead , 19-year-old British actress Emma Watson took the title . Films that the young actress has appeared in have made more money than those of any other Hollywood starlet , despite her being in only the "  Harry Potter " series and voicing a character in an animated film . Over the course of the decade , films that Watson was involved in made $ 5.4 billion worldwide and these boasted the highest average box office earnings , making roughly $ 900 million per film . More notable actresses like Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet were beaten in the list conducted by the Guinness Book of World Records . Watson got her start at the age of ten , playing a young wizard in the first "  Harry Potter " film back in 2001 . Since then , she has starred in five subsequent Potter movies and voiced the character of a young princess in the animated film , "  The Tale of Despereaux . " Ali Jaafar , International Editor at Variety Magazine said it was notable that Watson was a big grosser , but it would be interesting to see how her career progressed . "  She 's untested apart from the Harry Potter franchise , but these are young actors and it 'll be interesting to see how they develop their careers , " Jaafar told CNN . "  It 's always hard for child actors to develop . " Orlando Bloom was named the highest grossing actor of the decade , taking in more than $ 7 billion for his role in movies like "  Lord of the Rings " and "  Pirates of the Caribbean . "	Emma Watson 's films grossed more than $ 5 billion worldwide Watson 's movies grossed on average $ 900 million per film Orlando Bloom is most profitable male actor of decade
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Officials found 13 bodies in the rubble of a scorched supermarket in downtown Nairobi Friday and are investigating a tip that security guards locked people in the burning building , a police spokesman said . Members of the public helped to fight the fire which left at least 47 people missing . The blaze started on Wednesday afternoon in the Nakumatt supermarket . The Standard Newspaper reported harrowing tales of families trying to find their missing loved ones , at times making the job of firefighters more difficult . So many people crowded the scene that police on foot and on horseback periodically chased them away . Riot police with tear gas and batons stood nervously around the edge of the scene -- where a barricade has been erected . Joseph Mwangi waited among the crowd , hoping for news of his cousin Daniel . On Wednesday , Mwangi sent 16-year-old Daniel Njoge with 6,000 shillings  about $ 75  to the market . "  He was coming to shop for school , " said Mwangi , a waiter at a nearby restaurant . "  I sent him to the store to get stationery supplies . " "  On Wednesday night , I got so worried . Now I think he is just in there , " Mwangi said , pointing at the burned-out store . "  The response was not good , " he said . "  A person who fights a fire must go into the building , but they just stayed outside . " Mwangi registered with the Kenya Red Cross on the scene , as scores of others did , and now he waits . Justin Mule , who works at the Stanley Bookstore across the road from the supermarket , described the start of the fire to CNN : "  I saw smoke coming up from the building on Wednesday afternoon . In a few minutes , there were explosions . I saw some guys jumping from the burning roof . Soon after the fire , I saw the store security guards closing the doors because they feared looting . The doors were locked . That was a mistake . They should n't have locked the doors . " Other witness corroborated his account . Police launched a criminal investigation to look into that allegation , said Eric Kiraithe , a police spokesman Employees of the supermarket refused to comment on the allegations . The fire has angered Kenyans for what they perceive is a lack of disaster preparedness . Local newspaper editorials slammed the government 's response to the tragedy . "  Disaster preparedness is still a challenge , and the operation was hampered by the Nairobi city layout , " said Kenya Red Cross spokesman Titus Mung ` ou said . Emergency numbers failed to work and water ran out during attempts to put out the fire , he said . According to local news reports , the fire ignited Wednesday afternoon during a busy hour in the 24-hour supermarket . Hundreds of people crowded around the scene and tourists peered through their hotel windows as firefighters , security guards and civilians struggled to get the fire under control . Periodic explosions rocked the city and debris fell around the building . The crowd cheered each incoming fire truck , and water had to be brought to the scene from a nearby soccer stadium .	Rescuers find 13 bodies in scorched rubble of Kenyan supermarket Massive fire engulfed the building in downtown Nairobi on Wednesday Incident angers Kenyans for what they perceive is a lack of disaster preparedness
CNN Student News  -- October 12 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Danville , Kentucky Bahamas Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- News International , publisher of the now-defunct News of the World newspaper in Great Britain , has agreed to pay 2 million British pounds -- the equivalent of $ 3.2 million -- to the family of British teen Milly Dowler , who disappeared in 2002 and was later found dead . Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of chief executive of News Corporation , the parent company of News International , personally apologized to Dowler 's family in July amid allegations that News of the World journalists listened to voice-mail messages on the girl 's phone while she was missing . "  As the founder of the company , I was appalled to find out what happened , " Murdoch said after speaking with the family in July . Allegations that journalists hacked into the girl 's voice-mail were part of a larger phone-hacking scandal that rocked Britain this year , prompting several arrests , resignations and hearings in Parliament . As part of the settlement , announced Friday by News International and the Dowler family , Murdoch will pay 1 million British pounds -- about $ 1.6 million -- to charities chosen by the Dowler family . Those charities "  represent causes close to Milly and those that provide support to other victims of crime , " in a statement that News International and the Dowler family issued Friday . Milly Dowler was 13 when she disappeared . "  Nothing that has been agreed will ever bring back Milly or undo the traumas of her disappearance and the horrendous murder trial earlier this year , " the Dowler family said in a statement . "  The only way that a fitting tribute could be agreed was to ensure that a very substantial donation to charity was made in Milly 's memory . We hope that projects will be undertaken so that some good can come from this . " Murdoch apologized again Friday for News of the World 's actions . "  The behaviour that the News of the World exhibited towards the Dowlers was abhorrent and I hope this donation underscores my regret for the company 's role in this awful event , " he said in the statement . "  I also hope that through the personal donation something positive can be done in memory of their daughter . "	NEW : Milly Dowler 's family hopes "  some good " comes out of settlement NEW : Rupert Murdoch says News of the World 's behavior was "  abhorrent " Rupert Murdoch agrees to donate to charities chosen by girl 's family A phone-hacking scandal rocked Britain
CNN  -- Turkey and Japan have agreed to a $ 22 billion deal to build a nuclear power plant in Turkey , the semi-official Turkish news agency Anadolu reported . The deal , signed Friday , represents a step toward recovery for Japan 's nuclear industry , left reeling by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that triggered a disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in 2011 . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , speaking at a joint news conference , said the deal would place relations between the two nations on a different level . Japanese and French companies lead the consortium which will deliver the contract signed by the two governments . The third-generation ATMEA1 reactor will be built in Turkey 's northern Sinop province , which borders the Black Sea , said GDF SUEZ , part of the consortium . Erdogan said lessons had been learned from the Fukushima disaster , the worst nuclear accident in a generation . "  After the Fukushima incident , people said negative things about Japanese technology , " Erdogan said , quoted by Anadolu . But , he said , in response to that criticism he drew a parallel with what happens after an air crash . "  We should consider there is a risk of accident , but we need that technology . With an advanced technology we will take better steps . " Turkey , like Japan , is in an active earthquake zone . The two prime ministers said they hoped it would take less than a decade to complete the project . The two countries have also agreed to found a Turkish-Japanese Technical University in Turkey , Anadolu reported , with plans to follow up with a Japan-based counterpart in the future . "  A step like this between Turkey and Japan is really important , " said Erdogan . The tsunami that hit Fukushima Daiichi after Japan 's historic earthquake knocked out power and coolant systems at the plant , resulting in meltdowns in three reactors . The result was the most serious nuclear accident since Chernobyl , as the crippled reactors spewed enormous amounts of radioactive particles into the environment . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Japan and Turkey agree a $ 22 billion contract for a nuclear reactor The reactor will be built in Turkey 's northern Sinop province , on the Black Sea Turkey 's prime minister says technology has advanced since Japan 's Fukushima disaster Turkey , like Japan , is in an active earthquake zone
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A jury convicted former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky on 45 of 48 counts related to sexual abuse of boys over a 15-year period , ending a painful chapter for victims and the Penn State community . Jurors delivered the verdict around 10 p.m. Friday after deliberating for 21 hours . There were convictions related to all 10 sexual abuse victims , with the three not-guilty verdicts applying to three different individuals . Sandusky stood slightly hunched , looking down with his hand in his pocket but showing no visible emotion as the guilty verdicts were read out in court . His wife , Dottie , blinked back tears . Reaction to the Sandusky verdict Judge John Cleland revoked Sandusky 's bail and ordered his arrest . Sandusky left the courthouse in handcuffs , headed for a police car destined for the Centre County jail . When asked if he had anything to say to the victims , the 68-year-old remained silent as he ducked into the back seat of the car . "  The Sandusky family is very disappointed by the verdict of the jury , but we respect their verdict , " defense lawyer Joe Amendola told reporters gathered outside . Jeering crowds occasionally interrupted his comments . At the same time , Amendola pointed to a "  tidal wave of public opinion " against his client as one of several factors that led him to believe this outcome was n't surprising . "  It was the expected outcome because of the overwhelming evidence against Jerry Sandusky , " he said . Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly , expressed satisfaction in the jury 's decision to hold the ex-coach accountable . She was especially thankful for the victims who testified , in some cases many years after they were abused . "  It was incredibly difficult for some of them to unearth long buried memories of  what  they had suffered , " Kelly said . "  This trial was not something that they sought , but rather something that forced them to face the demons of their past . " Victim No. 6 : Violation and vindication Back inside the courtroom , the young man identified in court documents as Victim 6 was in tears as he hugged prosecutors . Sandusky should be sentenced in about 90 days , the judge said . Amendola indicated "  we have some appeals we will pursue , " though he did not elaborate . The case has gripped the nation since last fall , when it led to the dismissal of legendary coach Joe Paterno and one of America 's highest-paid university president , Graham Spanier . The family of Paterno , who died in January , issued a statement Friday after the verdict . "  Although we understand the task of healing is just beginning , today 's verdict is an important milestone , " the statement said . "  The community owes a measure of gratitude to the jurors for their diligent service . Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the victims and their families . " The university , meanwhile , said it had "  tremendous respect for the men who came forward to tell their stories publicly . " "  No verdict can undo the pain and suffering caused by Mr. Sandusky , but we do hope this judgment helps the victims and their families along their path to healing , " Penn State said in a statement . Penn State said it will invite the victims to participate in a program to facilitate resolution . "  The university wants to provide a forum where the university can privately , expeditiously and fairly address the victims ' concerns and compensate them for claims relating to the University . " During closing arguments , prosecutors described the ex-Nittany Lions defensive coordinator as a pedophile who preyed on victims using a charity he founded for troubled children , repeatedly abusing young boys in his care . His defense sought to poke holes in the prosecution 's case throughout the trial , such as pointing to inconsistencies in the testimony of Mike McQueary , a former graduate assistant who testified that he witnessed Sandusky apparently sodomizing a boy in a university shower . Amendola reminded jurors of the lack of physical evidence in the case , accusing the alleged victims of conspiring for financial gain , while also blaming the media for what he described as biased coverage . iReport : Share your reaction Lead prosecutor Joseph McGettigan rebuffed those arguments , telling jurors that "  the commonwealth has overwhelming evidence against Mr. Sandusky . " In a bombshell announcement Thursday evening , Matt Sandusky -- one of Jerry Sandusky 's six adopted children -- said through his attorney that he was sexually abused by the former coach , adding that he had been prepared to testify against him . Legal analysts say the accusation could bring additional charges , including incest charges , against the former coach . The broader scandal has also brought charges against vice president Gary Schultz and former Athletic Director Tim Curley for perjury and failing to report the abuse . After a week of testimony , during which time witnesses graphically described sexual encounters with Sandusky that they said occurred during their boyhoods , jurors made their decision without ever having heard from Sandusky on the witness stand . What Sandusky has said about child rape allegations On Tuesday , Sandusky 's wife told jurors that she could remember at least six of her husband 's accusers staying overnight at their house , but that she never witnessed sexual abuse . All you need to know about allegations , how case unraveled Eight young men testified , often in disturbingly graphic detail , of how Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts in various places , including showers in the Penn State coaches ' locker room , hotel rooms and the basement of his home . One told jurors that Sandusky -- whom he met , like many of the accusers , through The Second Mile foundation that the ex-coach founded -- had threatened him if he told others about the abuse . Another said Sandusky warned him that he might send him home from a trip to Texas , where they 'd gone to watch a Penn State bowl game . The defense challenged the accusers ' timetable , questioned the various allegations and called multiple character witness to defend Sandusky 's stellar reputation in the community . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal Though Friday night 's verdict prompted cheers outside the courtroom , inside , the mother of Victim 6 did not claim victory . "  Nobody wins . We 've all lost , " she said before hugging her son . CNN 's Elisa Roupenian , Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Jason Carroll , Dana Garrett and Laura Dolan and In Session 's Michael Christian and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Penn State : "  No verdict can undo the pain and suffering caused by Mr. Sandusky " Sandusky 's lawyer calls the outcome "  expected ... because of the overwhelming evidence " The ex - coach is guilty on 45 of 48 counts for sexually abusing boys over 15-years He says he is not guilty , admitting to showering with boys but not abusing them
Turkish authorities ' use of live ammunition , tear gas , beatings and sexual assaults to crush street protests earlier this year constitute "  human rights violations on a massive scale , " according to a report by human rights watchdog Amnesty International . Amnesty documented cases of Turkish riot police firing plastic bullets and tear gas canisters at the heads of protesters . It also accused police of sexually abusing female demonstrators and of severely beating and shooting protesters with live ammunition , resulting in the deaths of two men in separate incidents . The report , released Wednesday , focused on the turmoil that erupted in May and June , when police tried to put down an environmentalist sit-in . Demonstrators had staged an Occupy Wall Street-style protest over government plans to demolish Istanbul 's Gezi Park and replace it with a shopping mall . "  The levels of violence used by police in the course of Gezi Park protests clearly show what happens when poorly trained , poorly supervised police officers are instructed to use force -- and encouraged to use it unsparingly -- safe in the knowledge that they are unlikely ever to be identified or prosecuted for their abuses , " said Amnesty International 's Turkey expert , Andrew Gardner . The Turkish government has launched an investigation into the possible excess use of force . At least one police officer from a counter-terrorism unit is standing trial along with other suspects for beating a protester named Ali Ismail Korkmaz in the Turkish city of Eskisehir . The 19-year-old university student later died as a result of his injuries . Government announces democratic reforms Amnesty International 's report emerged two days after the Turkish government unveiled a long-awaited series of reforms , which the rights group said fails "  to address these violations or to take any serious steps to ensure that they will not occur in the future . " Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan applauded what he called the "  democratization package , " declaring it a historic moment for the country . The legislation lifts the ban on women wearing Islamic headscarves in public institutions . However , women serving as police officers , judges or military personnel are still not allowed to wear headscarves . The reforms also removed the ban on teaching the Kurdish language , and ended the ban of the Kurdish letters "  q , " "  x " and "  w , " which do not exist in the Turkish alphabet . However , Kurdish can only be taught in private schools , even though it is the language spoken by Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . Another change called for expanding the definition and punishment for hate crimes committed on the basis of ethnicity or religious belief . The democratization package quickly inspired a chorus of criticism from a wide range of ethnic , religious and political groups . "  This is more of an election package , " said Sebahat Tuncel , a lawmaker from the main Kurdish opposition party , referring to municipal elections expected to be held in 2014 . "  This package could have lifted the obstacles to democratization . It could have lifted barriers to freedom of the press , to freedom of expression and amended the anti-terror laws , " Tuncel added . Thousands of Kurds have been arrested in recent years , accused of collaborating with the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  , whose militants have been fighting a guerrilla war for the past 30 years against the Turkish state . Erdogan 's government has tried to bring an end to the simmering conflict by launching negotiations with jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan . The peace talks have prompted some of the PKK 's thousands of fighters to voluntarily leave Turkey for neighboring Iraq . Meanwhile , women 's groups and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transsexual activists are upset that the reforms did not include reference to hate crimes committed on the basis of gender or sexual orientation . Though Erdogan offered to create a cultural institute for Turkey 's Roma minority and promised to return a government-seized monastery to the Assyrian Christians , he stopped short of reopening the Halki Seminary , which traditionally educated the country 's top Greek Orthodox clergy . For decades , members of Turkey 's dwindling Greek community , as well as many Western governments , have called for Turkey to lift its ban on Halki . "  I think it is a step forward and the government says more will come , " wrote Suat Kiniklioglu , a former lawmaker from Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  , in an e-mail to CNN . "  However , the real issue in Turkey is political and cultural polarization . I wish the package would address issues such as freedom of expression and pluralism . " Turkish president calls for reform Turkey 's president warned about the threats this polarization posed in an address before the Turkish parliament Tuesday . "  I viewed the peaceful demonstrations of the young people at Gezi Park ... as a new manifestation of our democratic maturity , " said Abdullah Gul . Gul argued that Turkey still had a long way to go in its democratization process . "  The effective and efficient operation of executive , legislative and judicial powers ; the existence of a serious , constructive and strong opposition ; a free , critical , impartial and independent media are of utmost importance for a country 's democratic development , " he said in his speech to lawmakers . Gul has been a loyal ally of Erdogan through the prime minister 's decade in office . But as his term in the largely symbolic post of president draws to a close , Gul has increasingly challenged some of Erdogan 's more controversial policies . The increasingly divergent political positions have prompted widespread speculation that Gul may be preparing to submit himself as a candidate to be the next prime minister of Turkey .	Police beat , shot , sexually abused protesters , rights group says The demonstrators wanted to keep a park from becoming a shopping mall The Turkish government has launched a probe of the alleged abuses
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , Anderson Cooper goes to the Congo where he covered the killings of endangered mountain gorillas . Ten mountain gorillas reportedly have been killed in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the last year . NEW YORK  CNN  -- You hear them before you actually see them . Some branches snap just ahead of you . The adult male silverback grunts somewhere off to the side of you . He even pounds his chest . You approach slowly . Mountain gorillas have been used to seeing scientists for decades , but these are wild animals , and you have to be respectful . When you see them , it is shocking . I 've been visiting mountain gorillas since I was 17 -- I 've probably been about six or seven times -- but each visit is extraordinary . They are among our closest animal relatives , and when you stare into their eyes , you see the spark of intelligence . You know these are individuals , with personalities , thoughts and feelings . Each gorilla group or family is headed by an adult male silverback . They are massive creatures , weighing up to 500 pounds , and are fiercely protective of their brood . Around them baby mountain gorillas tumble and play . They beat their chests just like their father , though the display is far less impressive . If you look closely , you may notice some of the mountain gorillas have lost a hand or a foot . Poachers ' snares are a problem , even in a well-protected park in Rwanda I visited . There are about 700 mountain gorillas left in the world , according to Flora and Fauna International , an organization that acts to conserve threatened species and ecosystems , and they live in a lush forest that straddles Rwanda , Uganda , and the Democratic Republic of Congo . Watch a close-up view of a mountain gorilla " In Rwanda and Uganda , where they 're well-protected , the mountain gorilla populations are thriving . They are major tourist attractions that bring millions of dollars each year to both countries . The real problem right now is in the Democratic Republic of Congo . For the last 10 years , there has been fighting in that country , and in the last year , according to the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  10 mountain gorillas have been killed , shot to death . We went to the Congo to find out why those mountain gorillas were murdered . And the answer is we just do n't know . Because of the fighting , the mountain gorillas are completely cut off . The rangers who protect them have had to flee the park , and no one 's been able to check up on the gorillas . What we do know , and what is so sad , is that these gentle giants trust us . You see it when you sit with them , when they allow you to come so close . They 've been taught that man wo n't hurt them . This year , in the Congo , the gorillas have been lied to . E-mail to a friend	Conservation organization says 700 mountain gorillas are left in the world Ten mountain gorillas have been killed in the Congo in last year , U.N. agency says Mountain gorillas weigh as much as 500 pounds
CNN  -- The phenomenon of women choosing not to have children is afflicting the industrialized world in alarming numbers . Childlessness is steadily becoming more widespread , particularly in English-speaking countries but also in Japan and in much of Europe . In 20 years , the number of childless women in many countries has doubled . In the lively debate that has followed the American publication of my book "  The Conflict , " much has been said and written about the pros and cons of breastfeeding and mothers staying at home . But this larger issue receives scant attention . In the United States , where fertility rates remain high , 20 % of women are childless , which is twice as many as 30 years ago . There are an estimated 18 % in England , 20 % in Italy , and between 21 % and 26 % in Germany . We do not have figures for childless Japanese women , but we do know that Japan has one of the lowest fertility rates in the world , along with Germany , where it hovers at 1.3 children . Although a minority of women choose not to have children , the trend constitutes a genuine revolution , pointing to some unspoken resistance to motherhood . As we know , as soon as women were able to control reproduction , pursue studies , enter the job market and aspire to financial independence , motherhood stopped being an inevitable , self-evident step and became a choice instead . Whether we like it or not , motherhood is now only one important aspect of women 's identity , no longer the key to achieving a sense of self-fulfillment . And the rate at which women are saying no to children -- most notably among those with college education -- suggests that the choice , for many , threatens the other facets of their identity : their freedom , energy , income and professional accomplishments . No country can afford to ignore a decline in its birthrate . In the long term , a nation 's pension payments , power and very survival are at stake . To curb the drop in recent decades , some European governments have re-evaluated their family policies . Germany 's example is especially instructive : Although the state 's family policies are now among the most generous in Europe -- a parent who stays home with a child receives 67 % of his or her current net income for up to 12 months -- they have failed to boost the birthrate or reverse the figures for childless women . Germany 's policies provide considerable financial help , but they essentially encourage mothers  recent figures show that only 15 % of fathers take advantage of the leave  to quit the work force . Only an astonishing 14 % of German mothers with one child in fact resume full-time work . Thus the family policies end up promoting the role of the father-provider , while mothers in effect feel the need to choose between family and work from the moment the first child is born , an especially risky proposition when one in three marriages ends in divorce . In this situation , where a high number of mothers are able to stay at home but the birthrate remains exceptionally low , the message is clear : Women do not want policies that serve only to support mothers in their family life . For women to want children , they require policies that support the full range of their needs and roles and ambitions -- maternal , financial , professional . The varying European experiences show that the highest birthrates exist in the countries with the highest rates of working women . It is , therefore , in society 's interest to support working motherhood , which requires considerable public investment . Generous leave is not , by itself , an incentive . To raise more than one child , a mother must have access to high-quality , full-day child care , but that is still not enough . Income equality , flexible work hours and partners sharing family-related tasks -- these are the essential components that will allow women to be mothers without forgoing their other aspirations . Tellingly , these are the rallying causes of traditional feminism , more pressing and relevant than ever . It turns out that profound feminist reform , in the workplace and in family policies , might just be what is needed to keep the birthrate from free fall . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elisabeth Badinter .	Elisabeth Badinter : In 20 years , number of childless women has doubled in many countries In the U.S. , where fertility rates remain high , 20 % of women are childless , Badinter says The trend points to some unspoken resistance to motherhood , she says Badinter : Feminist reform might just be what is needed to keep the birthrate from free fall
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A gaggle of reporters pushed their microphones and cameras toward the North Korean official shortly after he arrived at a college campus here . North Korean diplomat Kim Myong-gil gathered with other officials to discuss North Korea 's energy needs But Kim Myong-gil 's comments were off the record -- a sign of the sensitive nature of openly discussing concerns about North Korea 's nuclear program . The U.S. State Department 's director of Korean affairs , Kurt Tong , also agreed to participate in Thursday 's conference as long as his statements were not published . Tong and Kim , a North Korea representative at the United Nations , gathered with others including former diplomats and academics at the Georgia Institute of Technology to discuss North Korea 's energy needs and the status of the six-party talks on its nuclear program . Although the two top-level diplomats kept their remarks private , other participants in the conference at the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs aired their opinions openly . Much of the Korea conference focused on the scientific details of North Korea 's infrastructure and how it could be improved to handle sources of energy other than nuclear , such as an oil pipeline or utilizing its significant mineral resources . But all those ideas will never be realized without a change in relations between North Korea , its neighbors and the United States , and that is why diplomacy was also part of the discussion . Thursday 's conference coincided with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's announcement that her new envoy to North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , will travel to Russia , China , South Korea and Japan next week "  to consult on the next steps to move the six-party process forward . " Senior administration officials said Bosworth is considering heading to Pyongyang on that visit , but only if the leaders of the other parties involved in the talks are comfortable with that overture . Speaking at a joint news conference with Clinton , Bosworth said there is no doubt the United States plans "  to engage with North Korea . " "  The question as to whether we 're going to engage with them on this particular trip remains to be decided , " he said . "  That will depend upon our consultations in the region , and it will depend upon what we hear back from the North Koreans . " Thursday 's conference also coincided with reports that North Korea is apparently preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 , under the guise of launching a satellite into space . Leon Sigal , a specialist on North Korea who used to work for the State Department , stressed that President Obama is at a "  starting point " with North Korea . Mindful that the new U.S. leader is preoccupied with his country 's economic recession , Sigal said Obama must act swiftly and decisively with regards to North Korea to avoid the mistakes of the previous administration . "  The only way to fix this problem is to negotiate , " said Sigal , who is currently director of the Northeast Asia Cooperative Security Project at the Social Science Research Council in New York . Part of Sigal 's proposal includes helping North Korea construct conventional power plants as it moves toward denuclearization . He outlined two "  troubling questions " facing the Obama administration : how to avoid having to constantly react under pressure to North Korea 's provocations , and how the scenario could change , possibly for the worse , if there is a change in leadership , "  now that Kim Jong-Il 's health is at issue . " "  It seems to me the answer to both is for Washington to put a bigger deal on the negotiating table now , " Sigal proposed . That drew a couple of comments and questions from the audience . One graduate student asked why the United States should "  put more oil in a leaky bucket , " referring to the idea of sending more fuel oil shipments to North Korea when the previous shipments -- part of an agreement to get Pyongyang to shut down its nuclear facility -- have done little to deter the country from abandoning its nuclear program . North Korea maintains that it is due the oil shipments because it fulfilled its obligation to disable its Yongbyon nuclear complex . The United States has demanded Pyongyang verify that by allowing U.N. inspectors to inspect the facility , which it has refused . At Thursday 's conference , former U.S. ambassador to South Korea James Laney cautioned against resorting to the same rhetoric about which side had violated previous agreements . "  I can understand how we want to score points ... but there are times when prudence or better wisdom or real strategy dictates that we have to  have  some sort of engagement , " he said . Laney , who was instrumental in defusing the North Korean nuclear crisis in 1994 , suggested that the United States propose a peace treaty to replace the 1953 armistice which effectively ended the Korean War . "  A peace treaty would mean there are two nations on the Korean peninsula , " said Laney . "  There are two nations now , but a treaty would recognize  this  . " Victor Cha , who was the White House 's director of Asian affairs under the Bush administration , cautioned against moving forward on securing a peace treaty before North Korea takes further steps toward denuclearization . "  Even if there are some  in North Korea  who would want to give up nuclear weapons in exchange for a peace treaty , there may be others that say , ` Once we have a peace treaty ... we can be recognized as a nuclear state , ' " according to Cha . Cha , who said he routinely has to apologize for being a member of the Bush administration , praised Obama 's government , which he said has "  none of the hang-ups " in dealing with North Korea 's leadership that the previous administration had . Laney urged the new administration to "  move beyond sticks and carrots , " which was the stated approach of the Bush administration . While there is no guarantee that a peace treaty or any other overture to North Korea would work , Laney and Sigal said the administration has to try a new approach . "  You see , I 'm 81 and I want to see something  happen  before I die , " said Laney , who worked in U.S. Army counterintelligence before serving in the Korean War . "  Fifty-five years is a long time . " Sigal concurred , saying that "  diplomatic give-and-take is the only policy " for North Korea . "  But sustaining diplomacy ... will be difficult , " he added . . "  Kim Jong-Il wants to force America to be his friend , " he said , referring to the North Korean leader . "  He seems unwilling to unclench his fist and shake Obama 's hand . We may have to settle for a fist bump . "	Officials , academics gather to discuss North Korea 's energy needs Diplomacy was part of the discussion at Georgia Tech conference Conference coincided with reports North Korea is going to test-fire missle
London  CNN  -- British lawmakers meeting in emergency session approved a motion Friday to participate in airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq . The 524-43 vote came after Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that the country had a "  duty to take part " in international efforts to combat the extremist group . The terror group is an organization of "  staggering " brutality , he said , which has already killed one British hostage and threatens the lives of two more . "  This is not a threat on the far side of the world , " he said , but one which menaces European nations directly . In addition to an ISIS-inspired attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels earlier in the year , Europe 's security agencies have disrupted six other ISIS-linked plots , he said . Parliament was recalled by Cameron for the vote on military action in Iraq , which was approved after lengthy debate in the House of Commons and House of Lords . Any proposal to expand the strikes to Syria would require additional action by Parliament , according to the motion . Cameron said Britain should join international allies in combating ISIS , a campaign that he warned would take years , not months . "  The hallmarks will be patience and persistence , not shock and awe , " he said . The government insists such action is legal because Iraq 's government has requested international help to tackle the Sunni extremist group , which has overrun vast swathes of Iraq and Syria and massacred religious minorities and Shia Muslims . Cameron made that point again Friday , saying there was "  no question " of the legality of action given the request by Iraq 's leaders and the broad international backing for the campaign against ISIS . Some MPs may be reluctant to back a bombing campaign in Iraq because of doubts over its effectiveness or unhappiness over past UK military intervention in Iraq . But action has been backed by the governing coalition of the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats , as well as the opposition Labour Party . Labour leader Ed Miliband told lawmakers the United Kingdom "  can not simply stand by " against the threat of ISIS . Now that it 's been approved , military action could start within hours . UK forces have already been taking part in surveillance missions over Iraq , as well as aiding Kurdish forces with equipment . ` Past mistakes ' Cameron acknowledged that the memory of going to war in Iraq in 2003 , when Labour 's Tony Blair was Prime Minister , "  hangs heavy " over the House of Commons . "  This is not 2003 , but we must not use past mistakes as an excuse for inaction , " he said . There is "  no realistic prospect " of defeating ISIS without military action , he said , and Britain has unique assets that no other coalition partner can offer , including precision missiles and surveillance capabilities . "  It is also our duty to take part , " he said . "  Protecting the streets of Britain is not a task that we are prepared to entirely subcontract to other air forces of other countries . " Last year , Cameron suffered a painful defeat in the Commons when MPs voted against action in Syria in response to claims the Syrian government had used chemical weapons against its own people . The motion approved by Parliament on Friday specifically rules out action in Syria unless a separate vote is held . It also rules out the use of UK troops in any possible ground combat operations in Iraq . Cameron : ` Strong case ' for Syria action Asked about the possibility of a change of approach to Syria , Cameron said the situation there was "  more complicated " than in Iraq and that he was not going to change strategy right now . "  ISIS needs to be destroyed in Syria as well as Iraq and we support the action the U.S. and five Arab states have taken in Syria and I do believe there is a strong case for us to do more in Syria , " he said . "  But I did not want to bring a motion to the house today which there was n't consensus for . " British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told CNN before the vote he was confident the MPs would approve Britain 's participation in the Iraq air campaign against ISIS , but "  there will be assurances that they want to receive . " On the likelihood of Britain 's involvement in Syria , Hammond said that it is not inevitable but that the possibility has n't been ruled out yet . The United States and its coalition partners began bombing raids in Syria this week against ISIS targets . U.S. aircraft had already been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS -- the group also known as ISIL , which calls itself the Islamic State -- in Iraq since last month . ` Haven for terrorism ' Miliband , explaining his support for the motion , said that ISIS ' ambition to create an Islamist state risks destabilizing the region and make it more likely that Iraq would become "  a haven and training ground for terrorism " directed at the UK . He said some in the House of Commons may be wondering if this is a repeat of what happened in the run-up to the 2003 war in Iraq . "  In my view , it is not , " he said , arguing the circumstances now are "  demonstrably different . " On Syria , Miliband differed from Cameron 's view , saying that he would want to see U.N. authorization for action there before Britain stepped in . Former Defense Secretary Liam Fox , a Conservative , said he believed there was a legal basis for action against ISIS in Syria and that it should have been up for debate too . "  Sooner or later we are going to have to do it . It would have been far better if we had said so today , " he said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , the leader of the Liberal Democrats , said earlier this week that his party would support the air campaign in Iraq because it is legal and has been requested by the Iraqi government . Also , he said , "  It 's part of a much bigger coalition , a whole array of countries , crucially including a number of Arab countries which deprives ISIL of the ability to somehow portray it as a ` West vs. the rest ' crusade . " Hostage plea ISIS beheaded a British hostage , aid worker David Haines , earlier this month and continues to hold another British hostage , aid worker Alan Henning . The group has also released videos of the beheading of two U.S. journalists , James Foley and Steven Sotloff . Haines ' daughter , Bethany Haines , said that she would support airstrikes against ISIS . "  ISIS  need eradicating , they ca n't continue this way , " she said . "  They ca n't be doing this to people and getting away with it , no matter what nationality , if they 're Western or not . Hundreds of Syrians have been killed by them , and they need to be stopped . And , if air strikes or ground force , or anything , is what it takes , that 's what it takes . " Muslim leaders around the world have called for Henning 's release . They include Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London , who has said that "  whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer . " ISIS has been ramping up its threats against the United States and the West . This summer , the group declared the establishment of a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state stretching across the territory it has conquered . CNN 's Isa Soares and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Parliament overwhelmingly backs UK airstrikes on ISIS targets in Iraq Prime Minister David Cameron says a military campaign against ISIS in Iraq is legal "  The hallmarks will be patience and persistence , not shock and awe , " he says The motion approved by Parliament ruled out troops on ground in Iraq , action in Syria
CNN  -- Speed and beauty have long been the driving factors in car design , but this year 's most exclusive automobiles include a few practical considerations such as alternative fuel sources and smart ideas to improve safety and cut urban congestion . Still , the first thing about these cars that catches the eye ai n't the miles per gallon  or perhaps mile per watt  . Yes some of these French , Italian and German automobiles are more environmentally friendly -- but more importantly they look good doing it . Many of the car designs at the 2010 Paris auto show focused on electric-powered cars . Energy is a central theme of the Automotive X Prize -- a self-described "  $ 10 million competition to inspire a new generation of viable , superefficient vehicles that people want to buy . " The contest pushed designers to come up with a conventionally powered vehicle that would top 100 MPGe  miles per gallon energy equivalent  . Some of the names that grabbed attention in Paris , and at the X Prize competition and elsewhere will captivate many drivers ' imaginations : Lamborghini 's Sesto Elemento , the Ferrari SA APERTA , Bugatti 's Super Sport and the literally electric Jaguar C-X75 . The folks at Mini are offering a surprise : A scooter ! Renault 's electric concept car -- the DeZir -- looks like it has wings to fly . While many of these cars could empty more than a few pocketbooks , they also could save their owners a few bucks on fuel .	Hot cars of '10 include Ferrari 's SA APERTA , Bugatti 's Super Sport , Jaguar 's electric C-X75 Some of them were featured at the 2010 Paris auto show Others competed for the $ 10 million Automotive X Prize
Maj. Gen. Ralph Baker , commander of the Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa , was fired March 28 , according to a Washington Defense official . The command is headquartered in Djibouti and runs U.S. military operations in East Africa , including some counterterrorism operations . Baker , a two-star general , is appealing the firing , which was ordered by his boss , Gen. Carter Ham , the commanding general of all U.S. military operations across Africa . He was relieved of his duty for loss of confidence , three Defense officials told CNN . It 's the second embarrassing dismissal of a high ranking officer involved in the U.S. military hierarchy in Africa in five months . Gen. William "  Kip " Ward , the first four-star general to command U.S. military operations in Africa , was demoted for excessive spending from duty at U.S. Africa Command  Africom  . He lost one star and retired a lieutenant general . Ward used his rank to shuttle his wife on shopping sprees , enjoyed a lavish beachfront trip and once accepted a Defense contractor 's gift of going backstage to meet actor Denzel Washington .	The general was fired for loss of confidence It 's the second dismissal since November from U.S. commands in Africa In November another general was demoted for accepting favors
Washington  CNN  -- The political scandal involving vendettas and traffic jams ensnarling New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's administration could stall the expected presidential hopeful 's career ambitions if he ca n't convince voters his apologies are sincere . So a chastened Christie , his trademark braggadocio only somewhat in check , did what problem-plagued politicians have done in recent years when they faced scandals : offer mea culpas with a heavy emphasis on the "  me " part . Bold ? Yes . Effective ? We 'll see , said Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia . "  If he told the truth , he 'll be fine , " Sabato said . "  As long as he was n't involved in the act itself and the cover-up and he fired those involved he 's fine . If he lied , it 's over . " But there are times when it might be more politically advantageous to lie at first , then come clean later , Sabato said . Christie drops swagger amid heat of scandal Bill Clinton Former President Bill Clinton was a veritable maestro of careful and calculated confessions during a career riddled with sexual scandals . His MO during these salacious sagas apparently was not to come clean until it was advantageous . Hopped in the sack with model Gennifer Flowers ? Nope . Then later , "  yes . " That admission , following rumors of his sexual indiscretions , helped him pull off a second-place finish in the New Hampshire primary and earn the moniker of "  Comeback Kid . " As president he initially said , "  I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky . " Of course , that all depended on how Clinton defined sex . He later admitted to the affair and apologized to the country . We 'll spare you a trip down memory lane about the affair with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky and just say that one stained blue dress and an impeachment later , Clinton was acquitted and remained in office . Mark Sanford The former South Carolina governor-turned-congressman , Mark Sanford , pulled a disappearing act on the public 's dime and time all in the name of love . He was able to rehabilitate his career after revelations he disappeared from office for days and , at some point , had used public funds to fly to Argentina for trysts with his mistress . He bared his soul in news conferences and interviews with the media professing his love for the woman , Maria Belen Chapur , and apologizing for the hurt he caused his family . State lawmakers censured him , but he served out his term and later was elected to Congress in a special election in 2013 . Mark Sanford has a woman problem It worked out for those guys , but more often than not , political experts say , lies and especially cover-ups tank political careers . John Edwards Take John Edwards , a politician who did not fare as well as Clinton in a sex scandal . Edwards , a Democratic presidential candidate for 2008 , initially denied tabloid reports in 2007 that he had an affair with and fathered a child by campaign worker Rielle Hunter . Then he owned up to the affair but not the kid . Then , after details emerged about a plot in which campaign staffer Andrew Young falsely claimed paternity and campaign funds used to support Edwards ' secret family , the candidate finally admitted in 2010 that he was indeed the baby 's daddy . Rod Blagojevich Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich had a penchant for Charvet ties , a big personality and big hair , and he made some big promises about filling President Barack Obama 's vacated Senate seat . Guess which one was illegal ? Nonetheless , Blagojevich took to the networks to proclaim his innocence . Neither the U.S. attorney 's office nor Illinois state lawmakers believed him ; the feds indicted him for "  pay to play " schemes , and Blagojevich was impeached by the state House and Senate . He has since appeared on "  Celebrity Apprentice " and penned a book . Now he 's in prison , with plenty of time to work on his acting and writing chops . Larry Craig Sen. Larry Craig , a conservative lawmaker from Idaho who 'd taken hardline positions against homosexuality , found himself in a gay sex scandal in 2007 . His comments about having a "  wide stance " became late-night TV fodder after his arrest in the men 's room at the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . He was accused of soliciting sex from an undercover police officer by using hand signals and tapping his foot in a bathroom stall . Craig first pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor of disorderly conduct , then said he regretted that plea . He said he was going to resign , then changed his mind about that , too . He ultimately served out the rest of his term and did not seek re-election . Then there were those baffling New York political sex scandals . Eliot Spitzer Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer fessed up to his involvement in a high-priced hooker ring during a 2008 scandal that rocked the Empire State . He recently lost a bid to become New York City comptroller . And , for good measure , shortly after his inauguration as governor , David Paterson , the lieutenant governor who stepped up to fill in when his boss resigned , confessed that he and his wife both had extramarital affairs and that he used cocaine in his youth . Anthony Weiner And we all saw way too much of former Rep. Anthony Weiner during a 2011 sexting scandal . He originally denied posting a lewd selfie to one of his Twitter followers but later came clean during an uncomfortable and awkward press conference . He resigned from office , but we were treated to Weinergate part deux when , during the 2013 New York City mayor 's race , more explicit pictures emerged . Can Rep. Anthony Weiner survive Weinergate ? Trey Radel And just this week , U.S. Rep. Trey Radel , R-Florida , returned to work on Capitol Hill for the first time after pleading guilty to cocaine possession in November . He went to rehab and then set about rehabilitating his career by apologizing for his actions . "  I can not express how sorry I am . I ask for your forgiveness . I 've let down our entire country . I have let down my colleagues on both sides of the aisle . I 've let down my family , " Radel told reporters Tuesday in his office , his voice full of emotion .	When faced with scandal , some politicians fare better than others But it might be more politically advantageous to fess up later , political observers say Lies and especially cover-ups can tanks careers , they say New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will be fine "  if he told the truth , " expert says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Disneyland employee pleaded not guilty Thursday to felony possession of a destructive device in a public place during an incident where two water bottles with dry ice exploded in the theme park , authorities said Thursday . Christian Isaiah Barnes , 22 , of Long Beach , California , was arraigned Thursday , and his bail was set at $ 500,000 , said Farrah Emami , a spokeswoman for the Orange County district attorney 's office . His next court date is a pretrial hearing on June 7 , Emami said . The charge against Barnes carries a maximum prison sentence of six years , the district attorney 's office said in a statement . Barnes , an employee at Disneyland in Anaheim , California , allegedly possessed two water bottles containing dry ice -- which can make for a destructive device called a dry ice bomb , the prosecutor 's office said . The devices caused small explosions in Disneyland , authorities said . On Tuesday , Barnes was being relieved of his shift at a Disneyland vending cart outside Mickey 's Toontown , prosecutors said . When Barnes opened the vending cart , the first water bottle with dry ice exploded , the prosecutor 's statement said . Then Barnes allegedly took the second water bottle from the cart and , as he walked to the employee break room through Toontown , allegedly placed it in a trash can , prosecutors said . Barnes allegedly left the area , and a custodian removed the trash bag and placed it on the ground , prosecutors said . The custodian walked away from the bag to clear another trash can , and then the water bottle in the bag exploded , authorities said . Visitors were cleared from Toontown for about two hours as authorities investigated , though the rest of Disneyland remained open . Disney World vows action after report of wealthy hiring disabled to skip lines To Disney or not to Disney ? Boy pulled from Disney resort pool dies	Bail is set at $ 500,000 for Disneyland employee Christian Isaiah Barnes , 22 He is charged with felony possession of a destructive device in a public place He was allegedly behind two water bottles with dry ice exploding in the theme park
Katherine Sutherland , an OB-GYN in Mountain View , California , knows something about terrible periods -- and not just from her patients . She used to go through tampons every hour , excusing herself to go to the bathroom between appointments . Heavy bleeding made doing what she really loved -- hiking -- especially difficult . Truth is , she wanted her period to go away altogether . In 2003 Sutherland , then age 51 , got her wish . She had a minor surgical procedure called endometrial ablation , or by its brand name , NovaSure , to remove her uterine lining and stop heavy bleeding . And she has n't had a period since . "  I was delighted , " she says . "  Up until that time I 'd never missed one period . " Sutherland recently hiked 8,000 feet to the ancient Incan city of Machu Picchu in Peru . About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms . Many women , perhaps 95 percent , have period issues -- bleeding like Sutherland 's , debilitating pain , out-of-control PMS , or annoyances such as constipation or diarrhea . Thanks to a variety of new remedies that can make over  or eliminate !  periods , you do n't have to suffer . We 've collected the best fixes for five of your most common problems . Killer cramps Virtually all women in their childbearing years have period pain  or dysmenorrhea  . In fact , it 's a leading reason for calling in sick to work or school . "  Your uterus is a muscle , and it squeezes really hard , " says Susan Haas , M.D. , an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Boston University . "  Sometimes it can squeeze so hard it blocks the arteries coming into it . Just like in a heart attack , when the arteries are blocked , it causes pain . " Health.com : Pelvic pain -- solve the mystery The fixes Naproxen , aspirin , and ibuprofen help by short-circuiting the production of pain-causing chemicals called prostaglandins that are involved in muscle contractions . They work best if you start an hour before your cramps hit . "  Load up with a double dose and keep the blood level up , " Haas says .  The maximum safe daily dose of ibuprofen is 2,400 milligrams , or 12 200-mg pills . Take the minimum dosage that works for you .  Right when you get your period , start with 800 mg and then go to 600 mg every six hours . But talk to your doctor if you have elevated heart disease risks ; the Food and Drug Administration recently reported that all NSAIDs , except aspirin , may heighten cardiovascular risks . And remember that extended use of high dosages of aspirin or NSAIDs may cause gastrointestinal troubles . Omega-3 fats from fish oil seem to block prostaglandin production , too . And research shows that women with low intakes of omega-3s have more painful periods . While mainstream docs are mostly neutral on the idea of increasing omega-3s to fight period pain , some think it makes sense . Heat is an old-fashioned , but useful remedy for relaxing crampy muscles . Get out your heating pad , or try new nonprescription heat wraps , which last for eight hours and can be worn under clothes . Health.com : Your guide to fibroid fixes Severe bleeding Ten million American women have heavy bleeding , also called menorrhagia .  The average woman loses about three to four tablespoons per cycle ; more than five tablespoons is considered heavy . The fixes NovaSure , in which a wand is inserted into the uterus through the cervix , emits energy that , in most cases , permanently removes the uterine lining . It 's best for women who , like Katherine Sutherland , no longer want to have children .  Getting pregnant after having the uterine lining removed could be risky .  The five-minute procedure is done in a gynecologist 's office . Many women report lighter bleeding right away . And a recent study found that after seven years , more than 95 percent stopped having periods . The 365-day birth-control pill , called Lybrel , is another way to skip monthly menstruation . Approved by the FDA in May , Lybrel has no placebo pills , so you just keep taking an active pill each day .  Breakthrough bleeding can be an issue for about 20 percent of users . And , since Lybrel contains estrogen , it 's not for women who are prone to blood clots , such as smokers , who get migraines with an aura or who are over age 35 with elevated heart disease risks .  Health.com : Is it safe to ditch your period ? If you 'd prefer having a period , just with less bleeding , the traditional pill is also useful for curbing heavy flow . Its constant level of progesterone causes the endometrium to develop a much thinner lining . During your week of placebo pills , you get a lighter period because you shed a thinner lining over time . Another option is to have a period just four times a year : With Seasonale and Seasonique you take 84 active pills in a row . Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is n't your thing . This intrauterine device secretes progestin on a daily basis , thinning the uterine lining so there 's virtually nothing to shed . "  One-third of women get no period , one-third get a much lighter period , and the other third have only irregular spotting , " says Dan I. Lebovic , M.D. , a reproductive endocrinology and fertility specialist at the University of Michigan Health System . Drawbacks ? Pain during insertion , and possible cramps and bleeding for about three weeks afterward . Punishing PMS About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms , says Jean Endicott , Ph.D. , director of the Premenstrual Evaluation Unit at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . It could be headaches , breast tenderness , or big , unpleasant mood swings . Up to 8 percent of women who have PMS suffer mood changes severe enough to cause problems in their personal lives and daily routines ; this more serious version of PMS is called premenstrual dysphoric disorder , or PMDD . The fixes Calcium supplements are a good first thing to try , Endicott says , because research shows they ease symptoms .  Calcium may help even out hormone levels , although no one knows for sure why it works .  Besides , most women do n't get enough calcium in their diets anyway . She suggests 1,200 mg daily , and not just on the day you 're PMS-ing . "  It should help take the edge off " over time , Endicott says . Daily exercise -- like fast walking , lifting weights , or even dancing -- may be the last thing you want to do when in the throes of PMS , but it has proven antidepressant and antianxiety effects . Antidepressants  Paxil , Prozac , Sarafem , and Zoloft , to name a few  can relieve severe symptoms . The new twist is that you do n't have to take one daily -- but instead as soon as you feel anxious . "  We tell  women who choose this option  to put a red flag on the calendar noting when they 're likely to have symptoms so they remember to take the medication beforehand , when it can be most effective , " Endicott says . Another choice : Yaz , a birth-control pill that 's FDA-approved to treat PMDD . Clinical trials show it can cut symptoms by at least half , though the reasons are unclear . Gastro upsets Many women have diarrhea , gas , or constipation during their periods . Prostaglandins , the chemicals that cause cramping in your uterus , do the same in your bowels . "  For lots of women , it 's common to have a loose stool or diarrhea on the day they have a lot of bleeding , " says Leslie Miller , M.D. , University of Washington-Seattle clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology . The fixes Fiber can help keep GI issues under control . Aim for 30 grams a day from cereal , fruit with the skin , and vegetables . But do n't add fiber to your diet too fast when you get your period ; that could worsen diarrhea . For constipation , check your habits . Miller says women often hold in bowel movements because they 're in public places . Before you know it , you are bloated and constipated . "  When you get the urge , go , " Miller advises . Ibuprofen and other similar anti-inflammatory medicines may reduce gastro cramping . To avoid tummy irritation , take it with food . All of the above Some women experience a combo of excessive bleeding , cramping , breast tenderness , headaches , PMS , and other troubles . What to do ? The fix Stop treating the individual symptoms . Miller recommends continuous birth control pills -- you just skip the placebo week and move on to your next pack . If your insurer wo n't pay for that , ask about Lybrel and the other pill options . Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is n't in your future . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Perhaps as many as 95 percent of women have issues with their period Naproxen , aspirin , ibuprofen can ease painful cramps Procedure known as endometrial ablation can reduce excessive bleeding Try calcium supplements to ease headaches , breast tenderness , mood swings
CNN -- The Williams team has called on Formula One bosses to review the safety-car rules after Sunday 's controversial European Grand Prix in Spain . Nine drivers were given post-race penalties for speeding while the safety car was on duty following a horrific crash involving Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who was lucky to escape the incident unhurt . After seeing Williams driver Rubens Barrichello incur a five-second penalty after finishing fourth in Valencia , the team 's technical director Sam Michael said the sport needs to reassess the rules . "  In this regard the -LSB- safety car -RSB- regulations probably need a review , rather than clarifying , " he told Formula One 's official website . "  From a personal perspective , I was in favor of the old system when you could duck and dive into the pits under the safety car in order to win advantage , but I also appreciate that the current rules are there to promote safety . " Ferrari President Luca di Montezemolo told the team 's official website that he hopes motorsport 's ruling body , the FIA , takes "  necessary decisions " in a race he described as "  unacceptable . " Lewis Hamilton of McLaren was also penalized in Spain for illegally overtaking the safety car to retain second position before pitting . Championship leader Hamilton was later able to take a delayed drive-through penalty without losing his second place , allowing him to earn 18 valuable points . Vettel cruises to victory in Valencia Fernando Alonso , who finished eighth in Valencia , said the controversial incident involving Hamilton gave Ferrari a disadvantage over one of his team 's closest rivals . "  It was unfair -- we respected the rules and did n't overtake under the yellow flag , " Alonso told reporters . "  They gave the penalty but a bit too late -- 20 laps to investigate one piece of overtaking . " This is not the first controversial incident this season regarding the safety-car rules . Confusion surrounded the Canadian Grand Prix after Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher passed Alonso during the end of lap 78 while the safety car was still on the track . Latest F1 championship standings Despite the seven-time world champion pleading his innocence , the FIA stewards deemed the move illegal , handing him a post-race 20-second drive-through penalty which saw the German fall from sixth place to 12th . Last week the FIA attempted to clarify the incident by saying that no driver is allowed to overtake the safety car when it is deployed at the beginning of , or during , the final lap . However , the incidents at the European Grand Prix have now cast further doubt on the way the sport is governed . Montezemolo said the race was in danger of damaging the sport 's credibility . "  Ferrari , which showed itself to be competitive in the European Grand Prix , paid a price that was too high for respecting the rules , " he told Ferrari 's official website . "  Meanwhile , those who did n't follow the rules were penalized by the race officials in a way that was less severe than the damage suffered by those who did respect them . " "  That is a very serious and unacceptable event that creates dangerous precedents , throwing a shadow over the credibility of Formula One . "	Williams ' Sam Michael calls for the FIA to reassess the current safety-car rules Ten drivers were penalized for not following the current safety-car rules at the European GP Ferrari said last weekend 's race in Valencia has thrown the sport 's credibility into doubt Schumacher had already been penalized for overtaking whilst the safety car was on duty
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- One of five members of the Electoral Complaints Commission in Afghanistan has resigned amid the group 's probe of allegations of voting fraud during the presidential election . An Afghan woman casts her ballot at a polling station in Kabul on August 20 . Mustafa Barakzai , a Supreme Court judge , was one of two Afghan members of the commission . His departure on Monday comes as the commission nears completion in the investigation of allegations of fraud in the August 20 elections . Local news reports have quoted Barakzai as saying that the commission is unduly influenced by foreigners and that it has not included him in the decision-making process . The head of the commission , Grant Kippen , disputed both assertions . "  He was involved in our major decisions , " Kippen told CNN . "  We are only a five-member team . Every member is integral to our work . " Kippen is one of three non-Afghans on the Electoral Complaints Commission appointed by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the United Nations . Kippen said the "  vast majority of our decisions were consensus decisions . " The commission said in a statement that it is "  disappointed at the resignation of an important member " at a crucial time in the process . "  The  commission  remains dedicated to the elections process and will continue to work openly and honestly in the implementation of its mandate under the Afghan Electoral Law , " the statement said . "  This will not distract the  commission  from continuing to focus on the task at hand . " Complaints of irregularities have dogged the presidential elections . The top United Nations official in Afghanistan , Kai Eide , admitted Sunday that the vote was marred by "  widespread fraud . " Eide 's recently fired deputy Peter Galbraith told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that Eide earlier refused to share details of voting irregularities with Afghan election officials . Galbraith also said his former boss could have prevented some fraud by closing unsecured polling stations . Eide on Sunday denied the allegations of withholding information and defended his decisions to open as many polling stations as possible , despite security concerns . With findings of the fraud complaints investigation upcoming , Galbraith said he anticipates the commission will determine that Afghan President Hamid Karzai will not have enough votes to avoid a runoff . "  I think there 's a very strong likelihood that the election complaints commission will find that he 's below 50 percent , and then the question is whether Karzai will accept that decision and whether the Independent Election Commission , which is not independent but a pro-Karzai body , will accept that decision , " Galbraith said . Watch Galbraith 's reaction to Eide 's acknowledgement of election fraud " "  If they do n't , then the political crisis in Afghanistan , which has already done such damage to the overall effort there , will get much worse . " The Independent Election Commission is expected to soon finish an audit and recount of suspicious ballots ; the results could be announced this week . The independent commission is a "  constitutional body " that conducts "  free and fair elections " in an "  impartial way " according to its Web site . Galbraith has also accused Barakzai of favoring incumbent Karzai , even though the Electoral Complaints Commission says that it is also an independent body . Election tallies have yet to be certified because of the allegations . Last month , final uncertified results showed Karzai with 54 percent of the vote . CNN 's Tom Evans contributed to this report .	Commission says it is "  disappointed at the resignation of an important member " Commission head says Barakzai "  was involved in our major decisions " Barakzai reported as saying commission is unduly influenced by foreigners Top U.N. official in Afghanistan admits on Sunday vote was marred by fraud
CNN  -- Nine weeks after Angelina Jolie underwent a double mastectomy to prevent cancer , the actress had another surgery to reconstruct her breasts using implants . "  There have been many advances in this procedure in the last few years , and the results can be beautiful , " Jolie wrote in her op-ed piece for The New York Times . Breast reconstruction is not right for everyone , says CNN contributor Dr. Anthony Youn , a plastic surgeon in Detroit . But studies have shown that women who undergo immediate reconstruction following a mastectomy benefit psychologically . "  To most women , their breasts are really a part of how they see themselves , " Youn says . "  When you take it away ... it 's like you 're losing a part of yourself and a part of what you identify with as being a woman . " Infographic : Breast reconstruction options The majority of patients who want to proceed with reconstruction have options available , says Dr. Colleen McCarthy , a surgeon at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York . There are two main types to choose from : implants or reconstruction using the patient 's own tissue . Some patients have a history of radiation treatments for breast cancer , which may prevent them from receiving implants  radiation can cause scarring , which makes the skin less flexible  ; others do n't have enough donor tissue available on their body to use in a reconstruction . Otherwise the decision is left up to the patient 's preference , McCarthy says . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie If the patient chooses to have breast implants , there are usually two procedures involved . The first is done to place a tissue expander under the muscle in the breast cavity . Over the next few months , the expander is injected with saline regularly to stretch the muscle . "  If you just put an implant into the breast , it 's basically going to sag because there 's nothing to hold it up , " Youn explains . This option allows the patient to decide what size implants she 's most comfortable with , McCarthy says . "  Women who choose implant reconstruction will often choose to go slightly smaller or larger  than their original breast size  , depending on how much the skin stretches , " she says . Tough choices in fight against breast cancer gene The second implant surgery involves placing the permanent implant -- either filled with silicone gel or saline -- in the enlarged cavity . This procedure generally takes between 1.5 and 3 hours , Youn says . "  It 's typically easier , less painful and less invasive " than the second option utilizing the patient 's own tissue , he says . Breast implants are not lifelong devices , according to the Food and Drug Administration . A tear in the silicone shell can cause a leak . Saline implants will visibly show the leak by sagging ; the FDA recommends silicone gel implant patients get a follow-up MRI every couple of years . The second option is a more complex surgery and has a longer recovery period . Patients generally choose it because it 's done in a single procedure and they want a more natural result , McCarthy says . Breasts reconstructed with the patient 's tissue are softer and will age like a normal breast . What is the BRCA gene ? In this procedure , tissue is taken from the patient -- most often from their abdominal area -- and moved to the breast . This can be done with muscle or without , and there are several ways to keep blood flowing to the tissue , McCarthy says . These decisions depend on how much tissue and/or blood flow is available for the surgeon to work with . "  Other options include  taking  tissue from the back , thigh and buttocks , " she says . The Women 's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 ensures all reconstruction services are covered by insurance . That includes any surgery that needs to be done on the opposite breast to make them symmetrical and any nipple reconstruction procedures . Almost 80 % of patients have nipple reconstruction done following a breast reconstruction surgery , according to the Mayo Clinic . Youn takes skin from the breast to recreate the nipple . He then sends his patients to a tattoo artist who will fill in the darker color to create the areola . With both types of breast reconstruction the patient will retain some sensation . But numbness is to be expected afterward , Youn says . Why more women are choosing double mastectomies	Angelina Jolie opted to have breast implants following her double mastectomy Another option is to have breasts reconstructed from the patient 's own tissue Both procedures have their positives and negatives , Dr. Colleen McCarthy says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The longest-serving Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee told CNN Radio on Thursday that , barring any surprises , Sonia Sotomayor is headed for a Supreme Court confirmation . Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court . "  If there are no otherwise disqualifying matters here , it appears to me she will probably be confirmed , " Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said . Hatch was acknowledging the current Senate political landscape . Sotomayor was nominated by a Democrat president , and Democrats could have 60 votes in the 100-member chamber if Minnesota 's Al Franken is seated . They now hold 12 of the 19 seats on the Senate Judiciary Committee that will first consider Sotomayor 's nomination . Sen. Pat Roberts , R-Kansas , said Thursday he does not plan to vote to confirm Sotomayor , becoming the first Republican to explicitly state his opposition . "  She has made statements on the role of the appeals court I think is improper and incorrect , " Roberts said . "  I think that we should be judging people not on race and gender , or background or ethnicity or a very compelling story . " Hatch -- who unlike Roberts voted in favor of Sotomayor 's 1998 nomination to the federal appeals court -- also revealed one of the first Republican battle lines on the nomination : the schedule . See Sotomayor 's key rulings " President Obama and other Sotomayor supporters say they want her confirmed before the Senate goes on its August recess , so that she can be well-situated for the start of the next Supreme Court session in October . Hatch and fellow Judiciary Committee Republicans Jon Kyl of Arizona and John Cornyn of Texas are pushing for a longer timeframe . They say it is almost impossible to review Sotomayor 's extensive record , debate her nomination and hold a Senate vote by August . "  If the Democrats do n't overplay their hand and do n't try to rush this too much , the process will go well , they 'll be better off , she 'll get confirmed , " Hatch said , again adding that his prediction is based on no new concerns coming to light . The opposition party usually fights for extensive time to try to find hidden issues in a Supreme Court nominee 's record . Hatch said senators need three months to consider Sotomayor and that a vote should come in September , after the Senate 's August break . A September vote would crunch Sotomayor 's preparation time for setting up her office before the high court 's next term begins . It also would complicate Democratic fights on health care and energy that could reach a critical point at that time . See whom Sotomayor would sit alongside if she 's confirmed " Hatch insisted a September Senate vote would get Sotomayor on the bench in time for the new Supreme Court session . "  If they do it the right way , " he said of Senate Democrats , "  and there is no otherwise disqualifying feature to this , it is highly likely she is going to be confirmed as the ninth justice on the Supreme Court in time to sit on the court on the first Monday of October . " Meetings on the timetable have begun . On Thursday , White House staffers met with aides to Democrats on the Judiciary Committee to go over this and their strategies for Sotomayor 's confirmation , according to a Senate Democratic aide involved in the confirmation process . Sotomayor will go to Capitol Hill as early as Tuesday to meet with senators who will vote on her confirmation . The Judiciary Committee has not announced when the confirmation hearings will begin . Democrats were relieved Wednesday when Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , and the top Republican on the Judiciary Committee , said he did not think Republicans would block the nomination with a filibuster . But prominent conservatives still are trying to stir public opinion against Sotomayor . Radio host Rush Limbaugh and former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich have called her racist , pointing to an October 2001 speech at the University of California , Berkeley . During that speech , she said : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " The Senate Democratic aide involved in the confirmation process said Democrats are pleased with the initial response from Republican senators to Sotomayor 's nomination , saying it was a "  good sign " that GOP senators have not adopted some of the language coming from Limbaugh and Gingrich . "  If the fire-breathing rhetoric is contained to the far right element , it does n't jeopardize the nomination , " the aide said . CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Sen. Orrin Hatch : Sotomayor confirmation likely if "  disqualifying matters " do n't appear Sotomayor could meet with some senators Tuesday Hatch , other Republicans want to wait until September for vote Sen. Pat Roberts is first Republican to say publicly he wo n't vote for nominee
DALAT , Vietnam  CNN  -- Dalat Nuclear Research Institute stands on a mountaintop in Vietnam 's southern highlands . The nuclear reactor is not what most Vietnamese think of when they think of Dalat . The town , nestled in pine woods , is Vietnam 's favorite honeymoon spot . Highly enriched uranium rods are laid out on a table at the research institute in Dalat , Vietnam . The institute is not a romantic place . Located in a cylindrical , concrete building , it contains a 500-kilowatt , pool-type reactor that had only recently been loaded with Soviet WWR-M2 fuel assemblies . Built in 1963 with U.S. help , it originally contained highly enriched uranium from the United States . In 1975 , at the end of the Vietnam War , the reactor was closed , then reconstructed by the Soviet Union . In 1983 , it reopened , this time using Soviet highly enriched uranium -- a Cold War marriage made in heaven . The institute created medical isotopes and carried out research , but few people if any , in those days thought about the possibility that terrorists might take an interest in the uranium . Watch experts remove nuclear fuel and show how easily terrorists could hide it " As I was soon to see for myself , fresh , highly enriched uranium is easy to smuggle . When clad with aluminum , its radiation is detectable only by specialized sensors . Approximately 25 kilograms are all that is needed to make a crude nuclear device . I had never heard of Dalat when , sitting at my desk in Washington last July , I got a call from a contact at the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration . A dream I had had several years ago , when I was working in Moscow as CNN 's bureau chief was about to come true : CNN was given the green light to be the only television network invited to shoot a secret joint U.S. / Russian mission to remove the HEU fuel from the Dalat reactor . The Vietnamese government , once a U.S. enemy , had agreed to give up its HEU in exchange for converting the reactor to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb . My contact gave few details over the phone . I went to the Department of Energy for a closed-door briefing . CNN cameraman Charlie Miller and I would travel to Ho Chi Minh City , where we would meet the Department of Energy staff , then fly to Dalat and drive to the reactor . According to DOE ground rules , we would be able to share only a few details of the operation with our senior editors . The timing of the actual transfer of the HEU was classified . We would learn it only after we had arrived in Vietnam . We would not be able to broadcast our report until the nuclear material was back in Russia . After our arrival in Ho Chi Minh City September 11 , we , along with a U.S. and a Japanese newspaper reporter , met the other members of the team : two Russian nuclear experts and a representative from the International Atomic Energy Agency -- the nuclear watchdog of the United Nations -- who were to certify completion of the transfer . After a short flight to Dalat , we loaded into a van and set out on the serpentine road toward the research institute , passing ribbons of Vietnamese on motor scooters , the primary mode of transportation here . At the gate , a color poster of Ho Chi Minh greets us . Inside , we don yellow lab coats , cover our shoes with blue throw-away slippers and enter the cavernous room where the reactor stands , towering over us like something out of "  Dr. Strangelove . " The HEU fuel rods have been removed from the reactor and are stored in a large metal case . A Vietnamese scientist fumbles with the keys , then opens the top and begins handing the rods to the Russian experts , who lay them out on a table . The experts are wearing dosimeters to measure the radiation , but only one person wears gloves -- simple , rough cotton ones . They hand me a fuel rod and I hold it in my bare hands . Now I understand just how easy it would be for a terrorist to disguise the fact that he or she was carrying highly enriched uranium . The fuel rod looks for all the world like an aluminum leg to a small table . The experts lead us up steep metal stairs to the top of the reactor . I peer down into the pool of water into which a technician is lowering new fuel rods made of low-enriched uranium . Unlike highly enriched uranium , this fuel can not be used to make a bomb . The Vietnamese are willing to cooperate , but they also want to verify that this new fuel will work as well as the HEU did . In the control room , they huddle in front of a wall of electronic gauges , waiting until the reactor reaches "  criticality . " As a blue gauge hits the mark , the room fills with applause . Professor Vuong Huu Tan , chairman of the Vietnam Atomic Energy Commission , tells me "  the most important part of the reactor is training our people in nuclear energy . " This is the other part of the equation : By complying with the U.S. / Russian effort to remove vulnerable nuclear materials , Vietnam assures it will get international support for its quest to build nuclear power plants to generate energy . Both U.S. and Russian companies are eyeing Vietnam as a potential market . The Russians wrap the fuel rods in plastic , then insert them into two large , steel cylinders . The IAEA expert seals them . If they 're tampered with , it will be obvious . The next day , a flatbed military truck backs into the reactor room . A crane lifts the cylinders and gently lays them on the truck 's wooden bed as a Vietnamese military officer , in olive drab , looks on . The final and most vulnerable phase of the operation begins . The truck drives through the reactor gates and joins a convoy guarded by armed soldiers . Sirens blaring , we set out in a slow procession , weaving down the mountain road , traffic police on motorcycles waving riders on motor scooters out of the way . At Dalat 's airport , the truck wheels onto the tarmac and stops near a Vietnamese military helicopter . A forklift lowers the cylinders to the ground and six soldiers heave them in slings to the helicopter . From there , they are flown to the military base at Ho Chi Minh City airport , where they are put onto a Russian transport plane . Until the last moment , it is unclear whether the Vietnamese military will allow journalists onto the base . As one soldier tells a member of the nuclear team , "  the last time Americans were here was when you bombed us . " But they do let us in . "  No pictures outside . Just inside the plane . " We climb the stairs into the belly of the Ilyushin 76 and see the two baby-blue cylinders filled with highly enriched uranium , nestled side by side , like two children of the Cold War , ready for a trip back to where they came from : Russia . At 2 p.m. , right on schedule , the engines roar and the plane lumbers down the runway , off to its ultimate destination in the Ural Mountains . There , the HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making . My instincts tell me to grab a phone and call CNN headquarters in Atlanta to report that the plane has taken off , but the embargo is strict : no broadcast until the HEU is safely back on Russian soil . On the sweltering tarmac at a military base in Ho Chi Minh City , as the plane rises in the sky , the team of nuclear experts , the Vietnamese soldiers and even we reporters break into applause . Three countries : Russia , the United States and Vietnam , intertwined in a complex page of history , brought together in a mission to make the world more secure . This is the 13th such mission carried out by the United States and Russia . Altogether , a total of 442 kilograms of fresh HEU from 11 countries , enough to build more than 17 crude nuclear devices , have been removed . But there is more to be done . The two countries still are only halfway there in securing vulnerable nuclear materials around the world . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Jill Dougherty gets exclusive access to removal of nuclear material Vietnam gives up highly enriched uranium from Dalat Nuclear Research Institute The reactor is converted to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb The old HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making
CNN  -- A children 's book about gun rights has benefited from an unexpected boost in sales after it became the subject of a mocking segment on "  Real Time with Bill Maher " last week . "  My Parents Open Carry " is the story of a typical Saturday for 13-year-old Brenna Strong , running errands with her parents while they carry handguns in plain sight , or "  open carry . " "  If you open carry and have a difficult time explaining why to your family and friends , or if you want to learn about the open carry of a handgun , or if you 've wondered if open carry is right for you , then this book is what you need , " is how the book 's website sums up the plot . Published by White Feather Press , the book was made available in 2012 on limited release and picked up by Amazon in February of this year . Its appearance on "  Real Time " on August 1 increased sales dramatically , with orders pouring in , according to White Feather Press founder Skip Coryell . "  Sales were weak for the first few years , " Coryell said . "  But after it was trashed on the show , sales have gone up . " "  It happened overnight , " he said . "  Took me by surprise as a publisher . " The book was featured on the "  New Rules " portion of Maher 's show , during which Maher commented on the book 's cover illustration , asking "  if mom and dad are both safe because they 're packing , why are they using their daughter as a human shield ? " Open carry has been a hot topic of conversation with several state legislatures debating its merits . Georgia recently passed legislation that allows gun owners to openly bear firearms in public places , such as bars , schools and churches . Georgia law allows guns in some schools , bars , churches On Amazon , "  My Parents Open Carry " has a total of 115 reviews . All but 11 of them are one-star or five-stars , and many of the reviews have been posted in days following the show . Most of the reviewers admit to not having read the book . Some say they have , though , such as "  Ken , " who posted a five-star review on August 5 : "  I did purchase the book and found it to be very helpful to my daughter . She was able to easily relate to the characters and apply their situation to our family . I would recommend this book to anyone that carries a firearm with kids ages 5-10 . " The authors , Brian Jeffs and Nathan Nephew , are founders of the nonprofit group Michigan Open Carry , Inc. . When they started the group in 2009 , Jeffs said that it was n't widely known what open carry was , or that it was legal in the state . "  Our organization provided educational materials and seminars on the legality of open carry , " Jeffs said . "  We answered many of the same questions over and over as well as debunked the myths surrounding the practice . " Jeffs decided that they should write a book answering the most common questions they got about open carry . "  Since so many books were for adults , I thought a nice change would be a kid 's book . " As expected , the reactions to the book have been mixed , and Jeffs said he 's gotten death threat e-mails from anti-gun critics . Opinion : Gun law packs dangers , police chief says Despite the threats , the authors already have plans to write a sequel to the book , and Nephew is working on an outline . According to the book 's website , the illustrator , Lorna Bergman , is also from Michigan , and enjoys deer hunting and shooting . "  While we strongly support providing children with information that will protect them from gun violence , this book crosses the line from information into the realm of indoctrination , " a representative from Parents Against Gun Violence told CNN in an e-mail . "  We welcome material that makes children safer from gun violence , but this book is not it . " Would you buy "  My Parents Open Carry " for your children ? Share your take in the comments section below .	"  My Parents Open Carry " is a children 's book about bearing firearms in public The book gained notoriety after being mentioned on "  Real Time with Bill Maher " last week Publisher said the book 's "  weak " sales increased dramatically following the show
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine helicopter 's emergency landing into the ocean in Hawaii killed one Marine and injured three others Tuesday evening , the Marine Corps said Wednesday . Two of the injured crew members were in critical condition in a Honolulu hospital , while the third Marine was in stable condition , according to the military . The CH-53D Sea Stallion helicopter , carrying four crew members assigned to Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 363 , landed in shallow water about two miles from the Marines Corps Air Station at Kaneohe Bay at about 7:20 p.m. Tuesday , it said . The three injured crew members were flown to Queens Medical Center in Honolulu . "  The downed helicopter remains on its side in Kaneohe Bay and a salvage operation is being planned , " a Marine statement said . The name of the Marine who was killed will not be made public until a day after relatives are told , the statement said .	The CH-53D Sea Stallion helicopter made an emergency landing in Kaneohe Bay Two crew members are in critical condition , while one is stable
CNN  -- Thirty-six people in northern India are dead and another 28 are injured following a collision between a bus and a vehicle carrying mourners from a funeral , an official news agency reported Sunday , citing local officials . The crash occurred late Saturday outside Badaun , in Uttar Pradesh state , District Magistrate Amit Gupta told the official Press Trust of India agency . The state government bus collided with a vehicle , known as a matador , that was transporting people back from a ceremony marking the last rites of a relative , Badaun police Superintendent D.K. Chaudhary said . The bus driver , Bahm Swaroop , was among those killed , according to Chaudhary . Thirty-four people were pronounced dead soon after the crash , while five of the 30 hurt were seriously wounded , officials said . Two people died of their injuries early Sunday , according to Gupta . Details of the accident were not available . The provincial government has announced that it will give payments of 2 lakhs  about $ 4,500 in U.S. currency  to the families of those killed , with 50,000 rupees  about $ 1,100  going to the injured , the Press Trust of India reported .	Crash occurs late Saturday near Badaun , an official tells Indian state-run news agency In addition to the 36 killed , 28 needed treatment One vehicle was bringing people back from a ceremony marking the last rites of a relative Provincial government giving payments to those hurt and relatives of those killed
CNN  -- Somalia is facing life-threatening food and water shortages leaving millions at risk for starvation , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Wednesday . A growing percentage of Somalia 's population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . "  The Somali people are going through unbearable hardship , " said Pascal Hundt , head of the ICRC 's delegation for Somalia , in a written statement . "  We are witnessing the worst tragedy of the past decade in Somalia . " Somalia 's last severe famine , from 1991 to 1993 , devastated crops , killed between 240,000 and 280,000 people and displaced up to 2 million , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Humanitarian workers view Somalia 's food crisis as one of the worst in the world . With winds ripping though the country , hundreds of thousands of Somalis are finding their crops as dry as the surrounding landscape , preventing harvests , killing livestock and leading to a mass risk of starvation . The continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation , hindering people from accessing shelter and medical attention . A growing percentage of the population has become dependent on humanitarian aid . The ICRC , World Food Program and CARE plan to deliver four months worth of food to 435,000 Somalis within the next few weeks . International donors are being asked by the ICRC to provide some of the emergency money . Aid includes giving blankets , kitchen sets and other shelter supplies to 150,000 people . The WFP will be increasing the amount it spends in Somalia to $ 163 million in food assistance , the group said at a U.N. conference in Rome Wednesday . In addition to drought and armed conflict , high inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation . Similar factors have affected other developing nations in Africa and other parts of the world . Ethiopia 's food crisis has affected 4.5 million people , said the United Nations Children 's Fund . As a result of widespread food shortages and little rainfall , an estimated 126,000 children are in need of medical assistance to combat severe malnutrition , while the WFP projects $ 193 million will be needed for urgent food distributions .	ICRC : Somalia facing life-threatening food , water shortages leaving millions at risk Winds are leaving crops as dry as the landscape , preventing harvests Continual armed conflicts in central and south Somalia have aggravated the situation High inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situation
EW.com  -- Holding off a nice run from "  22 Jump Street , " the romantic comedy "  Think Like a Man Too " took the top spot this weekend with a $ 30 million opening . That 's great news for Kevin Hart , the gleeful star and narrator of the Steve Harvey-inspired ensemble piece , though early estimates predicted the sequel performing closer to the tune of $ 35 million . The sequel did n't match the original 's 2012 opening weekend kitty of $ 33.6 million , but the laffer also cost a modest $ 24 million to make . Sony predicts a strong weekday play going forward , buoyed by Man 's strong word-of-mouth and A - CinemaScore rating . There 's a couple of great jokes in "  Think Like a Man Too " where the lone square fella of the core Vegas bachelor party suggests the boys eschew a night of gambling and strip clubs and catch a performance of "  Jersey Boys " instead . "  It won like eight Tonys ! " he says when the men recoil . Whether or not it was a pointed reference to "  Think Like a Man Too 's " fellow new release or not is unknown , but the Clint Eastwood adaptation of "  Jersey Boys " hit a bit of a flat note in fourth place with $ 13.5 million . Going forward Broadway fans and older audiences may seek it out as a break from the jarring noise of superheroes and metal machines clashing angrily into each other .  Though I 'm not sure Kevin Hart and his Vegas buddies would make that bet .  But with a budget of $ 40 million , "  Jersey Boys , " which earned an impressive A - CinemaScore vote , still has some major singing to do for its supper . Meanwhile in its second week of release "  22 Jump Street " nearly had its teeth in the No. 1 spot . The Channing Tatum/Jonah Hill buddy comedy took in $ 29 million this weekend , bringing its domestic grosses past $ 111 million . With a second-week drop of 49.8 % in domestic markets , and a $ 14.1 million pickup in international territories , Sony executives should be bumping chests . Also holding strong is the parent-tested , kid-approved "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 , " which pulled in $ 25.3 million in its second week of release . All four aforementioned movies would do well to bow down to month-old "  Maleficent , " the Angelina Jolie phenom that dropped just 29.7 % this weekend with $ 13 million . The fairy queen will not go gentle into that good night . Here is how your top five shook out this weekend : 1 . Think Like a Man Too -- $ 30 million 2 . 22 Jump Street -- $ 29 million 3 . How to Train Your Dragon 2 -- $ 25.3 million 4 . Jersey Boys -- $ 13.5 million 5 . Maleficent -- $ 13 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Think Like a Man Too " snagged the top spot "  Jersey Boys " came in fourth place "  Maleficent " continued to hold a spot in the top 5
CNN  -- The Deep South will be plunged into a deep freeze again this week , this time with ice and snow expected to fall all the way to the Gulf of Mexico . Forecasters issued a winter storm warning for New Orleans and its suburbs Monday afternoon , warning that the city could see half an inch of snow and ice by Tuesday evening . Parishes further north could see three inches , with temperatures plunging into the single digits on Wednesday , the National Weather Service reported . A wave of arctic air that settled over the Midwest and the Plains is expected to spread into the Southeast late Monday , bringing a chance of snow to several major Southern cities by Tuesday . In New Orleans , where measurable snow has fallen only 17 times in records that date back to the 1880s , French Quarter restaurants made plans to shut down and tourists worried about being stranded at the city 's airport . "  This town is shutting down tomorrow , " cab driver August Delaney told CNN . "  Some bridges are going to shut down . Schools are closed . We are not going to put our kids on school buses . " Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency and warned residents to remember what happened when temperatures dipped toward the freezing mark less than a week ago . "  We had bridges that were frozen over , as you might remember , " Landrieu said . "  We had accidents on those bridges , a fairly large pile-up on the Green Bridge . Sometime not long ago , when they had a similar event , there were a thousand crashes , and there were fatalities -- and we want to make sure that we avoid all of that . " While the Big Easy prepared for the Big Icy , authorities in neighboring Mississippi warned that the entire state would see temperatures below freezing between Tuesday morning and around lunchtime Thursday . State officials told reporters that up to four inches of snow could fall in the south-central part of the state , and the Gulf Coast could see three-quarters of an inch . Robert Latham , the state 's emergency management director , warned residents to expect power outages as well . "  We 're looking at a part of the state that has a large number of pine trees , " Latham said . "  I can tell you that as ice accumulates on pine trees , limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out . " The chill will be a marked contrast to the warm temperatures that prevailed across the region on Monday , when temperatures were largely in the 50s and 60s . In Wilmington , North Carolina , on the Atlantic coast , people were still dining outdoors on Monday night even as public schools announced closures on Tuesday and Wednesday . Atlanta will see the mercury drop into the low 20s overnight , with a 30 to 40 % chance of snow Tuesday . In Montgomery , Alabama , there 's a 40 % chance of snow . Further north , Washington probably wo n't see snow , but its residents will feel the cold . Temps will drop to 7 degrees Monday night , with the wind chill telling you it 's colder -- as in 8 degrees below zero . Tuesday will warm up only a little . "  Welcome to my world , " the Midwest and Great Plains will say . Much of the northern Plains , Midwest and Northeast will likely shiver through daytime high temperatures 10 to 30 degrees below normal through Wednesday , the National Weather Service said . Chicago saw a high temperature of 4 below zero Fahrenheit on Monday and is looking at a comparatively balmy 3 above on Tuesday -- though with wind chill values of around minus-30 degrees . In Wisconsin , the state department of transportation urged people to avoid driving if possible . If they must drive , they should carry a fully charged cell phone , have at least half a tank of gasoline and tell somebody where they 're going . In Milwaukee , two motorists seconded that advice . "  It 's going to be pure ice . It 's all fluffy and light snow like this and it 's going to melt down â $ " going to be a mess , " Gary Lukowitz told CNN affiliate WITI . "  Even though you see the streets are plowed and it 's still slippery out there â $ " still a lot of wet snow on the ground , still freezing and cars are still slipping around , " Adam Bernstein said . And authorities in Minnesota are advising no travel in the southern and western parts of the state , where several roads are closed . In South Dakota , officials said white-out conditions with zero to near zero visibility , icy roads and blowing and drifting snow are making safe travel almost impossible along the I-29 corridor and throughout most of the northeast and eastern part of the state . They have closed Interstate 29 from the I-90 junction at Sioux Falls to Brookings because of blizzard conditions . I-29 was also closed from the South Dakota border to Canada in North Dakota . Whiteout conditions could also be found in Hazleton , Iowa , said CNN iReporter Danny Murphy . He shot a video of the very white weather . "  Rural areas around here are suffering from near whiteout and blizzard conditions causing for very hazardous travel , " he said . CNN 's Chad Myers , Sean Morris , Dave Hennen , Martin Savidge and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This town is shutting down tomorrow , " New Orleans cab driver says NEW : "  Limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out , " Mississippi official warns NEW : Deep freeze follows temperate Monday across much of Southeast Welcome to our world , frigid Midwest says
CNN  -- More than 200,000 children were spanked or paddled in U.S. schools during the past school year , human rights groups reported Wednesday . Schools in 21 states can use corporal punishment . "  Every public school needs effective methods of discipline , but beating kids teaches violence , and it does n't stop bad behavior , " wrote Alice Farmer , the author of a joint report from Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union . "  Corporal punishment discourages learning , fails to deter future misbehavior and at times even provokes it . " Corporal punishment in schools remains legal in 21 U.S. states and is used frequently in 13 : Missouri , Kentucky , Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Tennessee and Florida , according to data received from the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Education and cited in the report . The highest percentage of students receiving corporal punishment was in Mississippi , with 7.5 percent of students . The highest number was in Texas , with 48,197 students . "  When you talk to local school officials , they point to the fact that it 's quick and it 's effective -- and that 's true , " Farmer said . "  It does n't take much time to administer corporal punishment , and you do n't have to hire someone to run a detention or an after-school program . " But she said , "  We need forms of discipline that makes children understand why what they did was wrong . " In addition , corporal punishment can be linked to poverty and lack of resources . For instance , the report said , "  Teachers may have overcrowded classrooms and lack resources such as counselors to assist with particularly disruptive students or classroom dynamics . " Overall , 223,190 students received corporal punishment in 2006-07 , according to the Department of Education statistics . That number is down from 342,038 students in 2000-01 as more and more districts abolished corporal punishment . Watch how one Texas family feels about corporal punishment " The punishment is disproportionately applied to black students , according to the organizations . During the 2006-07 school year , for instance , black students made up 17.1 percent of the nationwide student population but 35.6 percent of those paddled at schools . Black girls were paddled at twice the rate of their white counterparts in the 13 states using corporal punishment most frequently . And although boys are punished more often than girls , the report found that African-American students in general are 1.4 times more likely to receive corporal punishment . In addition , special education students with mental or physical disabilities were more likely to receive corporal punishment , according to the ACLU and Human Rights Watch . Evangelical leader James Dobson 's influential Focus on the Family group is among those stopping short of calling for a full ban on paddling in schools . "  Corporal punishment is not effective at the junior and senior high school levels , and I do not recommend its application , " Dobson said on the organization 's Web site . "  It can be useful for elementary students , especially with amateur clowns  as opposed to hard-core troublemakers  . For this reason , I am opposed to abolishing spanking in elementary schools because we have systematically eliminated the tools with which teachers have traditionally backed up their word . We 're now down to a precious few . Let 's not go any further in that direction . " Andrea Cancellare said her then-13-year-old son was paddled -- or "  swatted " -- three years ago for flicking rubber bands in class , despite the fact she had written a letter directing school officials in Alpine , Texas , not to use corporal punishment against him . School officials told her they could not find the letter when she complained . When she approached the principal and superintendent , Cancellare said , they told her that "  most parents like this because it takes care of the punishment . It gets the kids back in class . It does n't disrupt instruction . It 's like the quick and dirty way of dealing with discipline problems . " Alpine Independent School District Superintendent Jose Cervantes said that both the principal and superintendent have taken other jobs , but for the past several years , the district has had a clear policy allowing parents to sign a waiver form and opt out of corporal punishment . "  It works on some , and it does n't work on others , " Cervantes said . "  If you 're one of the individuals that it does work on , yes , it will become a deterrent . " Cancellare disagrees . "  I do n't think it 's the school 's place to make decisions like that , " she said . "  I 'm not necessarily in favor of that kind of punishment in the house either , but I feel like if somebody makes that decision , it should be the parent . " Most states typically leave it up to individual districts whether to use corporal punishment , and some of the nation 's largest school districts -- among them Houston and Dallas , Texas ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Atlanta , Georgia ; and Mobile County , Alabama -- have banned the practice , according to the report . See where corporal punishment is legal " CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch , ACLU say spanking "  discourages learning " Corporal punishment is used frequently in schools in 13 states ; it 's legal in 21 Rights groups say such punishments are often disproportionately applied Evangelical leader 's group says spanking "  can be useful " in elementary schools
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Interpol on Monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the Internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys . This moving image shows how police used software to unscramble the image .  Source : Interpol The man 's face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from Interpol -- the international police agency based in Lyon , France . Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said the pictures have been on the the Internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man 's identity or nationality . "  We have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public 's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , " Noble said . He said there is "  very good reason to believe that he travels the world in order to sexually abuse and exploit vulnerable children . " Interpol has determined the photos were taken in Vietnam and Cambodia . "  The decision to make public this man 's picture was not one which was taken lightly , " said Kristin Kvigne , assistant director of Interpol 's Trafficking in Human Beings Unit . The suspect 's photo and more information can be seen online at Interpol 's Web site . E-mail to a friend	Man posted photos on the Internet of himself sexually abusing underage boys Computer experts managed to undo digital masking to reveal the man Man abused 12 boys in Vietnam and Cambodia
This week in iReport we 're celebrating a couple anniversaries . It 's been 20 years since the world watched the Berlin Wall fall . And , that children 's television favorite "  Sesame Street " turned the big 4-0 . Meanwhile , Hurricane Ida stormed ashore , slamming the Gulf Coast . We 've got all this and more in this week 's video wrap-up . Berlin Wall anniversary -- Twenty years ago this week , the Berlin Wall came tumbling down in a decisive moment in a revolution that ultimately ended decades of Communist rule and signaled the end of the Cold War . For many iReporters , the fall of the wall holds personal significance . They dug into their photo albums to share memories of this historic event . Bracing for Ida -- iReporters updated on preparations and conditions as Hurricane Ida approached the Gulf Coast . Two iReporters shared several photos of preparations in Pensacola Beach , Florida , including closed roads , sandbags and high tides , saying it "  packed a pretty good punch . " Another in New Orleans compared the rising waters from Ida with those of Gustav last year . Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street ? -- The classic children 's television show ` Sesame Street ' turned 40 this week . CNN producers collaborated with iReporters to create a fun video alphabet that would make Jim Henson proud . iReporters of all ages also shared their memories of "  Sesame Street " and how the show made an impact on their lives .	iReporters remember the fall of the Berlin Wall , 20 years later The Gulf Coast braces for Hurricane Ida ` Sesame Street ' celebrates 40 years Tell your stories at CNN iReport
CNN  It 's been a turbulent start to 2015 for leading Spanish club Barcelona as it sacked director of football Andoni Zubizarreta , while Carles Puyol decided to step down from his assistant sporting director role . Zubizarreta 's dismissal follows Sunday 's disappointing 1-0 La Liga defeat to Real Sociedad and the news last Tuesday that the club had lost its appeal to the Court of Arbitration of Sport  CAS  following the decision to ban it from being able to sign new players over the next 12 months . A former goalkeeper for the club , Zubizarreta had been responsible for Barcelona 's transfer business since returning to the Camp Nou in July 2010 . "  The FC Barcelona President Josep Maria Bartomeu has decided to terminate as of today the contract of the Club 's Director of Football , Andoni Zubizarreta , " an official Barcelona statement read . "  The President , in the name of the Club , thanks Andoni Zubizarreta for his contribution , dedication and professionalism over the last four years in his role at the head of the Club 's football area . " Zubizaretta was n't the only leading figure at Barcelona to leave the club Monday after Puyol confirmed on his Facebook page that he would also be departing . A former captain of the club , who won three Champions League crowns and six La Liga titles , Puyol was appointed assistant sporting director soon after retiring as a player in May . "  These last three months gave me the opportunity to see the other side of the club . I learned a lot , I am very grateful and , now , I want to try other things from another perspective and in other places , " Puyol wrote . "  I want to grow both personally and professionally so that , in the future , I can return to this home and give back all that you gave me during these unforgettable years . "  I remain extremely grateful to the employees , directors , president and sports management for trusting me and for helping me in this transition that was not easy . "  And most of all to the fans who , if I felt they were supportive when I played , now , since my retirement , I feel that even more . "  I wish I could have said good bye to everyone with my boots on , but life does not always goes as one desires . I have been and I am very fortunate too feel as much love and support , for which I can only say THANK YOU and let you know that I will always carry you in my heart . "  Long live BARCA . " CAS 's decision , which found Barcelona guilty of breaching FIFA rules on signing minors , means the club is unable to add to its squad during the next two transfer windows . The Spanish club , also hit with a $ 455,000 fine , says the transfer ban is "  disproportionate " and "  excessive . " After Barcelona 's loss to Real Sociedad -- a result which meant it missed the chance to move top of the La Liga table -- Zubizarreta suggested in an interview with Canal + that he was not solely to blame for the transfer ban . "  Taking responsibility is to explain the actions , how the decisions were made , but I have little to explain because the vice-president -LSB- Bartomeu -RSB- who was in charge of that area -LSB- at the time -RSB- is the current president , " he said . FIFA first issued the ban in April , but with Barcelona appealing the decision it was free to buy players until that appeal was then rejected by world football 's governing body in August . Zubizarreta helped to bring Luis Suarez to the club from Liverpool in the summer , which was met with much excitement from supporters , yet other signings have not been met with such acclaim . Douglas was signed from Sao Paulo but has only made three appearances this season , while Thomas Vermaelen has yet to make his debut for the club since joining from Arsenal due to injury . Zubizarreta also helped sign the likes of Adriano , Javier Mascherano , Alexis Sanchez , Cesc Fabregas and Neymar , who have all proved relative successes . Neymar 's transfer , however , cast a shadow over Barcelona , with Spain 's authorities accusing the club of tax fraud . Zubizarreta played for Barcelona between 1986 and 1994 , helping the side to a first ever European Cup in 1992 . The Spanish club is yet to announce who will fill the vacancy left by the 53-year-old .	Andoni Zubizarreta dismissed by Barcelona from role of director of football Decision follows the club losing its appeal to CAS over transfer ban Former club captain Carles Puyol steps down from assistant sporting director role
CNN  -- He wears more eyeliner than Adam Lambert , his voluminous locks put Snooki 's poof to shame and one can only guess how long it takes him to get into his skinny jeans -- though there 's a good chance he 'd tell you if you asked . So are the pants and the eyeliner to blame for the fact that it 's been nearly impossible to avoid Russell Brand this summer ? Between interviews for his new film "  Get Him to the Greek " and red-carpet appearances with his fiancée Katy Perry , Brand has certainly been making the rounds . And judging by "  Greek 's " respectable box-office run , Americans are not getting tired of this British comedian any time soon . "  He 's completely electric and always on , " says Sean Woods , a senior editor at Rolling Stone . "  It 's like non-stop with the jokes . It 's one of the most amazing things I 've ever witnessed . ... He takes chances and that 's what makes a great comedian . " One of those chances was Aldous Snow -- the supporting but momentous character in 2008 's "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall . " The role , which was originally written to be to be a writer who looked more like Hugh Grant than Keith Richards , was changed to a Russell Brand-like rock star following the comedian 's authentic audition . Cut to two years later and Brand is carrying his first big Hollywood film , "  Get Him to the Greek . " The road-trip comedy has performed similarly to "  Sarah Marshall , " earning an estimated $ 17.4 million its opening weekend and a respectable $ 36.5 million to date . "  The truth is as funny as ` Sarah Marshall ' and ` Greek ' have been , it 's the tip of the iceberg for him , " says MTV news movies editor Josh Horowitz . "  No one has truly captured how funny Russell is in person . He can host MTV 's -LSB- Video Music Awards -RSB- twice in suitably unpredictable fashion , he can riff on any subject , and yes he can act . " But there was n't an immediate embrace of Brand , says Horowitz . The British press were all over Brand in 2008 when he resigned from the BBC after making a lewd phone call to actor Andrew Sachs during his radio show . "  It 's taken U.S. audiences a little while to catch up , but to those in the know , Russell is something special -- an erudite improv master who can go blue or highbrow depending on his unpredictable mood , " Horowitz says . Whether it 's the remarks about former president George W. Bush or the fact that he repeatedly poked fun at the Jonas Brothers for wearing purity rings , it took Americans some time to get used to Brand 's humor , says Jenny May Finn , who created The Russell Brand Fansite in 2005 after watching Brand on "  Big Brother " in the U.K. "  All he wants to do is make people laugh , " says Finn , who lives in Dublin , Ireland . Finn has met Brand several times since starting the site . "  To see a comedian who 's quite stylish instead of the dorky or angry comedian that 's so typical . ... He 's a nice looker , which always adds to the liking of someone , " she says laughing . Brand 's "  Greek " cast-mate Elizabeth Moss told CNN that people might be surprised to know just how professional Brand truly is . "  He 's a hard worker and it 's important to him to be funny , " she says . We 're finally beginning to appreciate Brand 's honesty and accept him as the great comedian , actor and rock star he is , Woods says . "  There 's a bit of pain in Russell , " he says . "  It allows him to make jokes about real-life situations . ... Most of us do turn some of the tragedies in our lives into humor . " Brand channeled his past when he reprised his role as Aldous Snow in "  Greek " and when writing his book , "  My Booky Wook : A Memoir of Sex , Drugs and Stand-Up , " released in the U.K. in 2007 and the U.S. in 2009 . His memoir , which details his rough childhood and past with drug and alcohol abuse , quickly became a best-seller in Britain . "  There 's something kind of endearing about him . There 's an honesty and an innocence that people respond to , " Woods says . Finn says she often receives e-mails from recovering drug addicts thanking Brand for being an inspiration to them . "  They just kind of resonate with him for being so frank and honest , " she says . But how is the honesty that originally turned people off suddenly the very thing that 's making us fans ? "  He has a quality about him that I think we can sort of praise and like in our rock stars , but in our comedians , we say , ` Hey , he 's not Mick Jagger . What the hell ? ' He 's pretty unique , " Woods says . So what 's next for Brand ? A lot , actually : He 'll star with Helen Mirren in "  Arthur " and "  The Tempest , " play the voice of the Easter Bunny in "  I Hop , " and play a con-man/priest in "  Bad Father . " In addition , his second memoir called "  My Booky Wook 2 : This Time it 's Personal , " is due out in early 2011 in the U.S. , and he continues to do stand-up comedy . "  I ca n't wait to see Russell stretch and prove he 's got true range outside of the provocateur he clearly can play with his eyes closed , " Horowitz says . Woods says Brand has nowhere to go but up . "  He is the peacock of peacocks . There 's no one strutting around like he is . "	Brand 's role in "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " was written for him "  My Booky Wook , " released in 2009 , quickly became a best-seller Brand will soon appear in "  Arthur , " "  The Tempest , " "  I Hop " and "  Bad Father "
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has refused a lower court 's unusual request to decide whether a shocking 45-year-old civil rights crime can be prosecuted decades later . The justices Monday dismissed an appeal involving James Ford Seale , convicted in the 1964 kidnapping of two teenagers whose bodies were found in a backwater area of the Mississippi River . The reputed former Ku Klux Klan member had long been suspected in the crime , but it was officially unsolved until Seale was indicted in 2007 , and later convicted . He is serving three life sentences . The move by the high court not to get involved keeps in place Seale 's original indictment , but does not resolve the larger question of whether similar cases can be prosecuted . The issue could have enormous implications for several dozen "  cold cases " involving racially motivated crimes dating back to the 1950s . Seale had appealed his conviction , claiming the statute of limitations had expired five years after the crime . The confusion arises over the fact that kidnapping could be considered a capital offense in 1964 , and thus had no time limit for a prosecution . The high court in 1968 eliminated the federal death penalty for that crime , and Congress four years later changed the law to reflect that ruling . But lawmakers 15 years ago reinstated kidnapping as death penalty-eligible . So the justices were being asked to decide when the statute of limitations kicked in , if ever . Justice John Paul Stevens , supported by his conservative colleague Justice Antonin Scalia , thought the court should get involved . "  I see no benefit and significant cost to postponing the question 's resolution , " Stevens wrote in dissent . "  A prompt answer from this court will expedite the termination of this litigation and determine whether other similar cases may be prosecuted . " Seale , a former sheriff 's deputy , was convicted in June 2007 of kidnapping and conspiracy in the disappearances of Charles Eddie Moore and Henry Hezekiah Dee , both 19 . Federal officials had initially trumpeted reopening the Seale case . "  Today 's indictment is one example of the FBI 's strong and ongoing commitment to re-examining and investigating unsolved civil rights era murders and other crimes , " FBI Director Robert S. Mueller said in January 2007 . "  Under our Cold Case Initiative , we will continue to identify and pursue these cases of racially motivated violence to ensure justice is served wherever possible . " Seale was not tried for murder , but prosecutors alleged that he and fellow Klansmen conspired to abduct , beat and murder Dee and Moore in May 1964 . An indictment accused Seale and his cohorts of picking up the two men hitchhiking and driving them into the Homochitto National Forest in Franklin County , Mississippi , where the teenagers were beaten and interrogated at gunpoint . Dee and Moore were then bound with duct tape and weighted down by an engine block and railroad rail . They were still alive when they were thrown into the Old Mississippi River , where they drowned , according to the FBI . Their decomposed bodies were found two months later during a search for three other missing civil rights workers that would later be known as the Mississippi Burning case . Seale and another man , Charles Edwards , were arrested in the slayings in 1964 , but were released on bond and never tried . The FBI turned the case over to local authorities , and the investigation was dropped after a justice of the peace said witnesses had refused to testify . The case was revived in 2007 when Moore 's brother -- during a visit to Franklin County to help research the case for a Canadian Broadcasting Corporation documentary -- discovered Seale was still alive . Thomas Moore told CNN in January 2007 that he gave the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi FBI files on the case , which he had obtained from a Mississippi reporter . U.S. Attorney Dunn Lampton helped form a task force that led to Seale 's indictment . Seale was the only person convicted in the Moore and Dee murders , the Justice Department said . Since then , other notable cold cases from the civil rights era also have gone to trial . In 2005 , Edgar Ray Killen was convicted of manslaughter for his role in the Mississippi Burning case . Adding to the unusual nature of the Seale case is that a lower court was unable to decide the matter . The full 18-judge panel on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals split evenly on the time-limit question . They then asked the high court to "  certify " the question , a rarely used procedure that essentially asks the justices about how to proceed . The Supreme Court was under no obligation to accept the case in this fashion , under its "  Rule 19 . " That provision gives appeals courts the discretion to hand off to the high court "  any question of law in any civil or criminal case as to which instructions are desired , and upon such certification the Supreme Court may give binding instructions or require the entire record to be sent up for decision of the entire matter in controversy . " The case is U.S. v. Seale  09-166  .	Appeals court asked high court if a civil rights crime can be prosecuted decades later Justices dismissed appeal involving man convicted in 1964 kidnapping of two teens James Ford Seale appealed conviction in case , saying statute of limitations had expired Indictment stands , but question of whether similar cases can be prosecuted is unanswered
A man convicted of killing his grandmother decades ago ambushed firefighters on Monday , fatally shooting two of them as they arrived to battle a blaze in upstate New York , police said . Two other volunteer firefighters were wounded in the attack in the Rochester-area town of Webster . A police officer from the nearby town of Greece suffered minor shrapnel wounds when his vehicle was hit by gunfire . Investigators believe the suspect , William Spengler , 62 , set the original fire , then likely set himself up on a berm with a clear view of the scene and started shooting . "  It appears that it was a trap , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said . "  There was a car and a house that were involved in flames , probably set by Mr. Spengler , who laid in wait in armament and then shot the first responders . " Authorities do not know how Spengler -- who was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound hours after the four firefighters were shot -- obtained the weapon or weapons he used or why he opened fire , Pickering told reporters . As a convicted felon , Spengler was not allowed to legally possess weapons , but he had "  several different types of weapons " Monday , the police chief said . Spengler was convicted in 1981 of first-degree manslaughter in the death of his grandmother and had been released on supervised parole , Pickering said . N.Y. man who shot dead 2 firefighters killed grandmother in 1980 He is believed to have lived in the home where the original fire erupted with his sister , who has not yet been accounted for , Pickering said . Their mother died sometime in the past year , the chief added . In chilling audio heard over the scanner , a West Webster Fire Department firefighter reported "  multiple firemen shot " -- including himself , with wounds to his lower back and lower leg -- and "  shots still being fired . " "  I 'm pretty sure that we have two DOAs " -- the term for dead on arrival -- "  on the street , " the wounded firefighter said . " ... They 're down and not good . " For several hours after that Monday , the threat of gunfire stopped firefighters from battling the blaze and forced police SWAT teams to evacuate 33 people in the neighborhood of small , waterfront homes . Eventually , seven houses were "  totally destroyed " by the fire . Although the fires were under control as of 2:30 p.m. ET , by then authorities still had n't been able to get in any of the homes . Pickering said it 's possible more victims could be inside . "  I 'm hoping that everyone was able to escape from the inferno , " he said . "  Those houses were close together . " With ` raging inferno ' and gunfire , scene described as ` chaos ' Firefighters first arrived at the Webster fire before 6 a.m. , said Rob Boutillier , the town 's fire marshal . By then , Spengler had set up himself somewhere above the scene in a "  natural hollow , a position of cover to actually be a sniper , " Pickering explained . The calls from firefighter came in soon after , reporting that four of them had been shot . Police officers rushed to the scene , and one of the first ones there exchanged fire , "  in all likelihood ,  saving  many lives , " according to the police chief . "  When we get there , we have people down , we have raging fires , and we have gunshots going off , " Pickering said . "  It 's chaos . It 's chaos . " Authorities worked quickly to set up a perimeter , trying to contain the situation and the shooter . Neighborhood residents were first told to "  shelter in place " because the gunman was at large , but some left their homes because of the fire . Several people could be seen running . Police tracked some of them down , found they were neighbors seeking safety and escorted them out . Eventually , residents were whisked from the area in armored personnel carriers . All the while , there was "  this raging inferno , with black smoke everywhere , " Pickering said . No more gunfire was exchanged after that initial burst , though police did see a man they believed to be Spengler moving at times . The police chief said he did n't know if the police officer hit Spengler early on , but he said the medical examiner indicated that Spengler died after shooting himself in the head . Two firefighters also died at the scene . One of them , Lt. Michael Chiapperini , was a veteran of the West Webster Fire Department and a police lieutenant . He 'd been named Firefighter of the Year just two weeks ago , and not long before that , he had volunteered to go to Long Island to help those suffering after Superstorm Sandy , according to Lt. Gov. Bob Duffy . The other slain firefighter was Tomasz Kaczowka , who was also a 911 dispatcher . He 'd been with the West Webster Fire Department for just more than a year , fire department spokesman Al Sienkiewicz said . One firefighter escaped from the scene in his own vehicle about an hour after he was shot and was taken to a hospital by an ambulance from another location , Boutillier said . Another wounded firefighter was conscious and speaking when he was removed from the scene , he said . The wounded firefighters were in intensive care Monday at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester , New York , officials said . The other person wounded was a Greece , New York , police officer who was on his way to work when his car was fired upon . He suffered shrapnel wounds that Pickering described as minor . "  We work with these people everyday ; they 're like our brothers , " said Pickering of the slain firefighters , as he fought back tears . "  It 's terrible . " New shooting spurs more talk on gun control Authorities have not said what weapons were found with Spengler , though Pickering said "  probably at least a rifle was used " to shoot the first responders . "  I know that many people are going to be asking , ` Were they assault rifles ? ' I do n't know that . I ca n't answer that at this time , " he told reporters . The shooting occurred amid a renewed gun control debate after the December 14 elementary school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that killed 26 people , most of them children . The gunman in that case , Adam Lanza , also killed his mother and himself . The head of a lobbying group that represents first responders said the Monday shooting was "  senseless and cruel . " "  The firefighters who responded today were performing a selfless , meaningful service to their community , unaware that a cold-hearted maniac was planning to ambush them and take their lives , " said Harold Schaitberger , general president of the Washington-based International Association of Fire Fighters . "  Coming on the heels of the horrific tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut , and on Christmas Eve , this shooting is even harder to comprehend . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo described the Webster shooting as "  horrific . " And the state 's attorney general called it a "  senseless tragedy " President Barack Obama has set a January deadline for "  concrete proposals " to deal with gun violence in the wake of the Newtown school shooting . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , while National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre has said his group will fight any new gun restrictions , saying most gun laws now on the books are rarely enforced . Pickering , the Webster police chief , said it was important -- in the wake of the shooting in his town and others -- to "  get a handle on gun control . " He also said more needs to be done to make sure that dangerous people are n't in society , where they can kill . "  For the last 20 years we have been turning people loose and deinstitutionalizing people , and I think we 've swung too far , " he said . "  I think there are still people that need to be in institutions that are a danger to themselves or others . And this is a classic example . " Are you there ? Share your stories , pictures and videos , but stay safe .	As shots rang out , a wounded firefighter reported "  2 DOAs " on the street Investigators believe the gunman set a trap for the firefighters who responded William Spengler , who killed his grandmother decades ago , was found dead Seven houses were destroyed in what police described as an "  inferno "
It was a brazen attack , resulting in the death of the most senior U.S. officer since 9/11 , and officials have named the attacker as a member of Afghan 's military . Maj. Gen. Harold Greene -- a longtime officer who was leading efforts to train soldiers in Afghanistan -- was killed Tuesday at a military training facility in Kabul . An ISAF official said that the group was standing outside , and the attacker , who has been identified by the Afghan Ministry of Defense as an academy member named Rafiullah , shot from inside a nearby building at a distance of about 100 yards . The assailant had served in the academy for two and a half years , Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Ministry of Defense spokesperson , told CNN . Pentagon officials went out of their way to say the shooting would not change the relationship between U.S. and Afghan forces . "  I 've seen no indication that there 's a degradation of trust between coalition members and their Afghan counterparts , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters Tuesday . But the deadly ambush at a premier training facility for Afghan military officers raises questions about the vetting process for Afghan soldiers and also the upcoming handover of security to Afghan forces . "  When something like this happens , in the least it creates a crisis of confidence for Afghans and for us , " said Vali Nasr , dean of the School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University . So far , the Taliban has acknowledged the general 's killing , but has n't claimed responsibility for it . The Afghan Ministry of Defense continues to investigate the incident . The Pentagon is n't commenting on the possibility of Taliban involvement , saying the Afghan military and international forces are in the early stages of an investigation . Nasr told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the attack raises serious concerns as the United States prepares to withdraw forces from Afghanistan . "  The Taliban have proven today they can infiltrate this force at will , " he said . "  The discipline we are seeking or that we are claiming is not there , and I think it is very difficult for the administration to say that everything is going according to plan , as if this is just an isolated incident and we can just leave . " But it 's still unclear whether the gunman had Taliban ties and whether he slipped through the military 's screening process , said Philip Mudd , a CNN counterterrorism analyst and former CIA official . "  I do n't think we should look and make judgments about the vetting process too quickly , " he said . "  You would think on the surface that maybe he was recruited by the Taliban . That 's not necessarily the case . " Witnessing the horrors of war sometimes inspires soldiers to turn against their onetime allies , he said . "  He might have seen something in the last months or years ... and sometimes there is an emotional switch that turns on after their recruitment , after their vetting , that leads them to say , ' I want to do something about this . I 'm going to kill someone in the U.S. military , ' " Mudd said . Insider attacks : When Afghan soldiers turns and kill allies ` Routine visit ' turns deadly The attack occurred during a routine visit to the Marshal Fahim National Defense University in Kabul to look at improvements made at the school , Kirby said . In addition to the general 's slaying , up to 15 coalition troops were wounded in the shooting rampage . The shooter was wearing an Afghan military uniform and is believed to be someone who had served for some time in a unit of the Afghan armed forces , Kirby said . "  A person that we believe was an Afghan soldier opened fire and hit many with his weapon , " he said . The Afghan Defense Ministry described the shooter as a "  terrorist " and said Afghan soldiers shot him dead . General helped lead training Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno released a condolence statement confirming Greene 's death . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with Maj. Gen. Harold J. Greene 's family , and the families of our soldiers who were injured today in the tragic events that took place in Afghanistan , " Odierno said in the statement , referring to other officers who were hurt . "  These soldiers were professionals , committed to the mission . It is their service and sacrifice that define us as an Army . " Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , described the general as a very experienced officer who was a leader in the training command in Afghanistan . He was an expert in infrastructure and logistics , Kirby said . Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , expressed condolences on his official Facebook page Tuesday night . "  We serve , and where we serve we are often at risk , " he said . "  God bless those wounded and killed in Afghanistan yesterday and their families . " Insider attacks : ' A threat you ca n't completely eliminate ' This is n't the first time people dressed in Afghan security forces uniforms have attacked coalition forces who have worked to thwart such violence . "  The insider threat is one that we 've been focused on for quite some time . ... It is a threat you ca n't completely eliminate , " Kirby told CNN . But it 's a threat that can be mitigated , he said . And officials stress that statistics show that the numbers of such attacks have decreased . In 2012 , so-called "  green on blue " insider attacks took the lives of dozens of coalition troops , and the U.S. command in Kabul halted some joint operations with Afghan security forces , CNN has previously reported . Two attackers wearing Afghan military uniforms killed two U.S. service members in February in Afghanistan , the military publication Stars and Stripes reported . In October 2013 , a man in an Afghan soldier 's uniform shot and killed an ISAF member in eastern Afghanistan , CNN reported . According to an April 2014 Pentagon report , insider attacks against ISAF forces declined from 48 attacks in 2012 to 15 attacks in 2013 . In the first quarter of 2014 , there were two insider attacks against ISAF . "  Despite this sharp decline , these attacks may still have strategic effects on the campaign and could jeopardize the relationship between coalition and ANSF -LSB- Afghan National Security Forces -RSB- personnel , " the report reads . Kirby called insider attacks "  a pernicious threat " that are "  difficult to always ascertain , to come to grips with ... anywhere , particularly in a place like Afghanistan . " "  Afghanistan is still a war zone , " he said . Numerous security protocols were instituted a few years ago to help ensure military personnel are safe , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . The United States will review the circumstances of Tuesday 's shooting to see if any changes should be made . White House : Attack is ` painful reminder ' of troops ' sacrifice President Barack Obama was briefed about the shooting and called Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , to get more information , Earnest said . "  While we have made tremendous progress in disrupting , dismantling and defeating al Qaeda operations and leadership in Afghanistan and progress in winding down U.S. involvement in that conflict , this shooting , of course , is a painful reminder of the service and sacrifice that our men and women in uniform make every day for this country , " Earnest said . In February , the Obama administration announced for the first time that it had begun planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014 if Afghanistan did not sign a security agreement pertaining to rights of U.S. troops operating there . In May , Obama said that if the Afghan government signs a security agreement , virtually all U.S. forces would be out of the country by the end of 2016 , shortly before his presidency ends . He called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . Kirby told reporters Tuesday that Afghan National Security Forces "  continue to perform at a very strong level of competence and confidence , and warfare capability . " The U.S. military feels that the Afghan military "  grows stronger by the week " and noted that they are already "  in the lead in combat missions " throughout the country , he said . "  They 'll be completely in the lead for military operations by the end of the year , " Kirby said . "  We see no change in that . " 2 U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Afghan Ministry of Defense names assailant as academy member named Rafiullah Army chief of staff confirms death of Maj. Gen. Harold Greene Afghan soldier believed to be shooter , says Pentagon spokesman Analyst : "  It creates a crisis of confidence for the Afghans and for us "
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two people were killed and 13 wounded Monday in a bombing that targeted polio workers in northwest Pakistan , police said . The blast took place on the outskirts of the violence-plagued city of Peshawar . Najeeb-Ur-Rehman , the senior superintendent of police , said the bomb was remotely detonated as polio vaccines and accompanying materials were being handed out to health workers . Police had earlier said that six people were killed in the attack . Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . Many Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA 's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden 's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence there . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region , the Taliban said . It was n't immediately clear if the Taliban played a role in Sunday 's attacks . Polio , a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in a matter of hours , has been eradicated around the world except for three countries where it is endemic : Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After the number of cases spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 173 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative . Pakistan condemns anti-polio volunteers ' killings Opinion : The promise of vaccines	Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated Many Pakistanis view polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Sun was hard to come by in Moore , Oklahoma , Tuesday . The sky still looked menacing , dark and foggy . Mist turned to rain . Lightning struck . From the air , this suburb outside Oklahoma City looked like flattened cardboard . On the ground , homes were messes of splinters . Cars , thrown like toys , sat in ridiculous places . Hunks of steel hung in trees -- the trees that were left . Most were shaved down to gnarly apocalyptic wishbones . When people were allowed back on their street -- if emergency crews gave them the green light -- that 's when the real trauma set in for many . It 's bizarre and disorienting when every landmark and sign your eye knows is suddenly gone and there 's miles of nothing in its place . "  It 's funny when you ca n't tell your own stuff when you get back and look at it like this , " Mack James said , standing in the rubble that used to be his house . Moore has no power . Water is out and volunteers are handing out bottles . The twister is gone but the danger is still real . Gas lines are being checked . Crews are out searching for live wires . "  It was horrible , " recalled one elderly woman , sitting in a chair near piles of debris . "  The thunder and the sound was like a turning of the world . It was so bad but we were in the cellar right out there . You could hear the thing just blowin ' , hear the pounding . "  I ca n't even believe I 'm still alive . " The realization of the loss of material things is just beginning . Photos are gone . Family heirlooms might not ever be found . How to help But there is worse . Rescue workers are still trying to find survivors , as reports keep coming in about those missing . Wearing a thick red hoodie , Zack Woodcock looked intensely worried and lost in thought as he told a CNN reporter that a wrestler on his son 's wrestling team was missing . "  It 's hard , " he muttered , looking like he has n't been to sleep . The death toll was 24 , according to Oklahoma City Medical Examiner spokeswoman Amy Elliott . Nine of the dead are children , she said . Frantic kids and parents On Monday evening , kids screamed for their parents and parents hollered their children 's names , walking and searching in panic in a parking lot near Briarwood Elementary . "  Caleb ! Caleb ! " one woman could be heard screaming , as another woman , her face bloody , walked zombie-like through the crowd , holding a young boy 's hand . "  Step over the wire ! " someone shouted . Adults and children zigzagged past each other . One man went to a little boy standing alone , whose face was just then cracking into a full-out cry . The man put his arm around the child and they both looked out into the chaotic parking lot , apparently searching for the boy 's parents . One mother who spotted her son sitting with his teacher on a curb gently grabbed the boy 's hands and stood him up and then learned her whole body over him , hugging him . She cried and then laughed and cupped his face . "  He was so brave ! " the teacher said . The mother then embraced the teacher . "  Thank you , " she wept , "  thank you . " Jim Routon , who showed up to help at the school , held his arm up and shouted , "  5th graders ! " But , of course , parents and kids continued to wander , desperate , scared . It was a valiant effort though -- trying to offer order where none could be found . Three hours of emotional torture Janna Ketchie was trapped at work , unable to get on the road because of downed power lines . She texted , desperate for news about her two boys at a day-care center . It was next to Briarwood Elementary , which Ketchie knew was badly damaged . "  Those three hours where I did n't hear anything , they were the longest three hours of my life , " she said . "  Knowing I 'd never see them again . No mother should ever have to go through that . " But she did see them again , thanks to a teacher who covered her 3-year-old and 6-week-old with a mattress and her body . Grayson Ketchie suffered a head wound and an ear injury . His baby brother ? Unscathed . "  It 's a miracle , an absolute miracle , " said Rick Roberts , one of the boys ' grandfathers . A day after the 200-mph twister knocked down his building , Grayson was in a playful mood , happily reunited with his family . When asked what happened to the day-care facility , he said , "  Broke ! " No one at the center was killed , officials said . An elementary school mourns While Briarwood families found their children , it was far worse for parents with kids at Plaza Towers Elementary School . The building was reduced to just a few walls . Monday night a father sat on a stool , tears in his eyes , as a firefighter tried to comfort him . He awaited news of his son , a third-grader . At least seven children were killed at the school , police said . Students who managed to escape said they hugged and clung to walls as the tornado passed through , according to CNN affiliate KFOR . One teacher told KFOR that she lay on top of six students in the bathroom . They survived . Norma Bautista told CNN that when she arrived , she found her child and nieces and nephews and took them away . "  I am speechless as -LSB- to -RSB- how this happened , why it happened , " she said . "  How do we explain it to the kids ? " Her son , Julio , said teachers told students to crouch and cover their heads . 1999 : They 've been through this before What 's left behind A tornado leaves intact the most absurd things sometimes . A cardboard box of tax returns sat on a pile of wood that was once someone 's home . One woman 's bathroom was the only room untouched in her house , she said . Though their home was obliterated , Kristina Daniel and her husband Donovan told a London Telegraph reporter that the only thing untouched in their home appeared to be an empty water bottle . "  You just wan na break down and cry , " Steve Wilkerson told CNN , holding a laundry basket that contained the belongings he could find . "  But you know , that 's how it goes , " Wilkerson said , his voice shaking . "  You got ta be strong and keep going . " He 's lived in Oklahoma his whole life . He 's seen tornadoes before , but nothing like this one . "  I still ca n't believe this is happening , " he said . "  You work 20 years , and then it 's gone in 15 minutes . " Not far away , another woman was joyous when she got a text from her son , Cody , who started walking down a major street in Moore and saw his grandmother walking dazed along the road with her Yorkie . "  Grandma is fine , " her son texted . "  She is at my house . Mom , everything is gone . There is nothing left , anywhere . All of the pictures , all grandma 's stuff , all my pictures , my letter jacket , my college degree from OU . There 's nothing left . " In another part of Moore , Lando Hite was shirtless , his hair and body caked with mud , as he described what happened at a horse and entertainment farm . "  It was just like the movie ` Twister , ' " he told CNN affiliate KFOR . "  There were horses and stuff flying around everywhere . " The tornado slammed into the Orr Family Farm , which had about 80 horses . It damaged several barns ; Hite was worried that most of the animals had been killed . "  I tried to let some of the horses out of their stalls so that they would have a chance , " said Hite . The building he took shelter in moved about 100 feet , he said , when the twister hit . A woman told CNN that she saw a horse after the twister . The animal was bleeding , but alive . It 's personal for National Guard Tuesday morning , Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb spoke to CNN affiliate KOKI from a Dick 's Sporting Goods parking lot . "  I 'm not a pessimist and I have a lot of faith and a lot of hope , but just with the enormity and severity of this storm ... " he trailed off . At least 85 patients were at a local trauma center . Of those , roughly 60 are children , Lamb said . But he insisted that Oklahomans stay positive . "  Let 's focus on the good news for a moment , the good news is that in the overnight hours , 101 survivors were found , " he said . "  I talked to a  National  Guardsman early this morning . He told me he found three bodies overnight , but his eyes got brighter as he said he found an elderly couple holding onto one another in their shelter scared to death . But they 're alive and well today . "  So thank you to the men and women who are providing the search and rescue right now . " CNN spoke with several guard members overnight . They live in and around Moore when they are n't deployed . Like so many others , some of them were searching for their own family members , too . "  You do n't ever think about it as much when you 're at home , " said Spc. Josh Gragert . "  When you see the devastation and people who are affected by it ... it really hits hard . " Follow the severe weather tracker CNN 's Nick Valencia , Gary Tuchman and George Howell reported from Oklahoma . Ashley Fantz reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mom waited for three hours for news that her boys were alive Kids and parents in parking lot search for each other National Guard rescuers look for their own loved ones , too
CNN  -- Soccer star Nicolas Anelka has sparked controversy after making a gesture one French government official called "  shocking " and "  disgusting . " After he scored his first goal for West Bromwich Albion in Saturday 's 3-3 draw at West Ham in the English Premier League , the former France international pointed his right arm straight down and touched that arm with his left hand . The gesture is known as a "  quenelle , " but some have called it a Nazi salute in reverse . Anelka took to Twitter and claimed the "  gesture was just a special dedication to my comedian friend Dieudonne " but the French government is seeking to ban Dieudonne for alleged anti-Semitic behavior . French Sports Minister Valerie Fourneyron added on Twitter that there was no place for Anelka 's gesture . "  Anelka 's gesture is a shocking provocation , disgusting , " she said . "  There 's no place for anti-Semitism on the football field . " West Brom 's caretaker manager Keith Downing defended Anelka , who converted to Islam almost a decade ago , when he spoke to reporters following the match . "  It is dedicated to a French comedian he knows very , very well , " Downing said . "  I think speculation can be stopped now . It is absolute rubbish really . " However , the European Jewish Congress called for English authorities to punish Anelka . "  This salute is merely a lesser known Nazi salute and we expect the same kind of punishment to be handed down by the authorities as if Anelka had made the infamous outstretched arm salute , " its president Dr. Moshe Kantor said in a statement on Sunday . "  This salute was created by a well-known extreme anti-Semite who has displayed his hatred of Jews , mocked the Holocaust and Jewish suffering . "  It is sickening that such a well-known footballer would make such an abusive and hateful gesture in front of tens of thousands of spectators . There should be no room for such intolerance and racism in sports and we expect that the English Premier League officials as well as the police will give Anelka the appropriate punishment . " The EPL has yet to comment on the incident , but British media reported that the English Football Association would investigate it . This is n't the first time Anelka -- who has played for the likes of Juventus , Real Madrid , Chelsea and Arsenal in a 19-year career -- has been involved in controversy . He earned the nickname of "  Le Sulk " due to his body language and was thrown out of the 2010 World Cup by France after he allegedly insulted then coach Raymond Domenech at halftime during a defeat against Mexico . Anelka was later banned for 18 matches by the French Football Federation , and in response he announced his international retirement . He had been part of France 's European Championship-winning squad in 2000 . At Real Madrid he allegedly once refused to train and was banned by the Spanish club for 45 days . Anelka is now playing for his sixth English club , having left Chelsea in January 2012 for a big-money move to Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua . He lasted just a year there before going to Italy for a five-month loan with Juventus , which won a second successive Serie A title . The 34-year-old had a difficult start to his time at West Brom , which was marred by the death of his agent in August . The West Ham game was his first appearance since late October , and he scored his first goals for the club in what was his eighth outing . West Brom , which sacked manager Steve Clarke this month after a poor run of results , is 15th in the 20-team EPL .	Nicolas Anelka under fire for making an alleged anti-Semitic gesture after scoring goal Anelka said on Twitter that it was a "  special dedication " to a comedian friend , Dieudonne The French Sports Minister condemned Anelka , calling his gesture "  disgusting " Anelka was thrown out of the 2010 World Cup after allegedly insulting his manager
CNN  -- The pool is closed in Warrenton , Missouri . Cattle ponds are drying up in Arkansas . Illinois is in danger of losing its corn crop . Even the mighty Mississippi River is feeling low amid what the National Climatic Data Center reported Monday is the largest drought since the 1950s . How the drought could hit your wallet The center said about 55 % of the country was in at least moderate short-term drought in June for the first time since December 1956 , when 58 % of the country was in a moderate to extreme drought . The hot , dry weather in June , which ranked as the third-driest month nationally in at least 118 years , according to the center , made the problem worse . The portion of the country suffering from severe to extreme short-term drought dramatically expanded in June , up to nearly 33 % from 23 % the month before . WLUK : Tree farmers battle drought Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn called it a "  natural disaster of epic proportions . " "  We 've never see a drought like this and we have to make sure we do something about it , " he said , calling on Congress to expedite passage of the farm bill . Quinn said seven more counties will be designated Monday as disaster areas , in addition to 26 already on the list , and farmers can apply for federal relief funds . In Arkansas -- where the National Drought Mitigation Center reported that ranchers are having to haul water for cattle because ponds have dried out and wells ca n't keep up with demands -- 83-year-old retired farmer Don Hudson said this is about the worst he 's ever seen it . "  It 's very brown right now , ai n't no grass at all , " he said . "  We 're still feeding hay because the cows are n't even going out to graze . " In all , 71 % of the country was classified as abnormally dry or worse as of June , the climate agency said , citing data from the National Drought Mitigation Center at the University of Nebraska . That 's double one year ago , according to agency statistics . Mayans may offer insight on drought management The worst-hit areas are the southern to central Rockies , the central Plains states and the Ohio Valley , the National Climatic Data Center said . The hot , dry weather has taken its toll on agriculture , with 38 % of the corn planted in the leading 18-corn producing states reported in poor or very poor conditions this week , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . The numbers are an increase of eight percentage points over last week and dramatically higher than last year at this time when it was just 11 % . In Arkansas , where conditions are the driest they 've been since 1925 , according to one widely used measure of short-term drought , ranchers have been selling off cattle to avoid having to feed and water them , said Arkansas Department of Agriculture spokesman Zach Taylor . "  It 's bad , " he said . "  The week of July 4 , we had 17,000 head of cattle sold . That may be a record . " With parts of the country in an epic drought , water levels were also running low in the Mississippi River south of New Orleans , according to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . That was allowing saltwater to begin working its way upriver , which could threaten some water supplies . WQAD : Heat kills hundreds of Asian Carp in local lake It 's not unprecedented , and there 's no current threat to water supplies , but officials are prepared to start building an underwater barrier to block the denser saltwater from moving further upstream , Corps spokesman Ricky Boyett said Friday . The Corps last had to do that in 1999 , he said . There 's no way of telling how much the current drought will cost U.S. businesses , farmers and consumers . Alex Carter , who farms 3,500 acres of rice and soybean in southern Missouri , told CNN he 's been running electric irrigation twice as much as most years because he 's only gotten two inches of rain since March . Extreme weather : Get ready to see more of it Farmers have plenty of water for irrigation from wells , but the expense is a killer . Typically wells run for 12 hours , but they are running continually now , draining power and business accounts . "  A lot of guys have to go back to their banker to ask for more money " to cover added pumping costs , he said . But they have to keep the pumps going . "  That 's the only thing that saves us , " But drought conditions last summer in the Southern Plains and Southwest alone resulted in an estimated $ 12 billion in losses , according to the National Climatic Data Center . The 1956 drought brought serious economic repercussions , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration notes in a report on historic weather conditions . "  Crop yields in some areas dropped as much as 50 % , " according to the agency . "  Excessive temperatures and low rainfall scorched grasslands typically used for grazing . With grass scarce , hay prices became too costly , forcing some ranchers to feed their cattle a mixture of prickly pear cactus and molasses . " WISH : Man paints yard to beat drought 's brown grass The current drought has forced disaster declarations in 26 states and a spate of emergency conservation orders , including in Warrenton , where the city ordered residents to stop watering their lawns , shut down commercial car washes and banned and just about every other non-essential use of water . That includes closing the city swimming pool amid one of the hottest summers on record . "  It 's pretty sucky , to put it bluntly , " said Dana Moore , who lives just a few blocks from the pool . She 's resorted to jumping in their very dirty car -- which they ca n't wash because of the restrictions -- to take her restless kids for a dip in other towns ' water parks . WBBM : Drought raises prices on fruit Her photography business is also suffering . She has n't been out on a shoot in a couple of weeks , despite high demand for high school senior portraits . Nobody wants to be sweaty or sitting on crispy , brown grass in their photograph , she said . On the bright side , Moore 's getting to spend a lot of time on indoor craft projects with her kids during what she and her neighbors rate as the worst drought they can remember . KCTV : Intense heat affects milk supply "  But hey , we 're all still living and it 's not like we 're starving , " she said cheerfully . "  We 're making the best of it . " According to the report issued Monday , June was also the fourth-warmest June globally since record-keeping began in 1880 , and marked the 328th consecutive month that global temperatures have remained above the 20th century average . The last time the average global temperature dipped below that average was February 1985 , the agency said . Past 12 months warmest ever recorded in U.S. Are you affected by the drought ? Share with us on CNN iReport . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn calls it a "  natural disaster of epic proportions " Nearly 70 % of the U.S. is in some state of drought , a climate agency says The 55 % in moderate or worse drought is worst since 1956 , agency says The area in severe drought jumps to nearly 32 % from 23 % the month before
CNN  -- The inaugural addresses of the presidents are , for the most part , a wasteland of howling rhetoric and dried-out inspiration . History has little noted , nor has it long remembered , more than a handful of them . Lincoln 's two inaugural addresses stand  of course  as the great exception . Franklin Roosevelt 's addresses in 1933 and 1937 remain alive , as does the sonorous rhetoric of John F. Kennedy 's address in 1961 . We continue to quote a single sentence from Thomas Jefferson 's first inaugural , a sentence from Ronald Reagan 's first and a two-word phrase from Lyndon Johnson 's . After that ... After that , you get a lot of this : "  Liberty -- liberty within the law -- and civilization are inseparable , and though both were threatened , we find them now secure ; and there comes to Americans the profound assurance that our representative government is the highest expression and surest guaranty of both . " Who said that ? It could have been any one of 20 presidents .  In this case , the speaker happens to be Warren G. Harding . Writing a great inaugural speech must be very hard , since even many strong and important presidents failed to do it . Theodore Roosevelt failed . Dwight Eisenhower failed . Barack Obama failed the first time , and since second inaugural addresses are almost always even worse than firsts , it seems almost certain he 'll fail again on Monday . Why do inaugural addresses fail ? They fail for two reasons : One subject to the speaker 's control ; the other , not . They fail , first , because the grandeur of the occasion inspires new presidents and their teams to overblown rhetoric , even as their political advisers steer them away from too specific commitments . Grand language wrapped around a thin message produces only vapid blather . Consider , for example , this passage from Obama 's first inaugural address : "  On this day , we gather because we have chosen hope over fear , unity of purpose over conflict and discord . On this day , we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises , the recriminations and worn-out dogmas that for far too long have strangled our politics . We remain a young nation . But in the words of Scripture , the time has come to set aside childish things . The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit ; to choose our better history ... " Unfortunately for Obama , those words were false as description and therefore inaccurate as prediction . You might say that the line "  we come to proclaim an end to ... false promises " was itself a false promise . Good writing can never come from bad thinking . Zelizer : Learning from Lincoln , Wilson , FDR But there 's another source of failure , one not so easily corrected . Inaugural addresses can fail even when the ideas are clear , even when the writing is fine , if the addresses make commitments that the ensuing presidency can not deliver . Listen to this inspiring passage : "  The elevation of the negro race from slavery to the full rights of citizenship is the most important political change we have known since the adoption of the Constitution of 1787 . No thoughtful man can fail to appreciate its beneficent effect upon our institutions and people . It has freed us from the perpetual danger of war and dissolution . It has added immensely to the moral and industrial forces of our people . It has liberated the master as well as the slave from a relation which wronged and enfeebled both . "  It has surrendered to their own guardianship the manhood of more than 5,000,000 people , and has opened to each one of them a career of freedom and usefulness . It has given new inspiration to the power of self-help in both races by making labor more honorable to the one and more necessary to the other . The influence of this force will grow greater and bear richer fruit with the coming years . " "  No doubt this great change has caused serious disturbance to our Southern communities . This is to be deplored , though it was perhaps unavoidable . But those who resisted the change should remember that under our institutions there was no middle ground for the negro race between slavery and equal citizenship . " Those were the words of James A. Garfield . Between Lincoln and Lyndon Johnson , no president expressed a stronger personal commitment to equal rights for black Americans than Garfield in 1881 . Yet this commitment is remembered today only by historians . Garfield was assassinated in September 1881 , serving barely six months in office . Even had Garfield served a full term , his efforts would almost certainly have failed . Federal enforcement of the voting rights of Southern blacks ; federal funding of equal education for black children -- to become reality , these aspirations of Garfield 's required support from courts , Congress and public opinion . None would have been forthcoming . Garfield 's aspirations were doomed to fail by forces of opposition too strong for him to overcome . Garfield 's noble summons went unheeded at the time and therefore inspires little interest now . An inaugural address is a plan for what is to come . Even a good president can deliver a bad speech . In fact , they usually do . But however beautifully written , a speech can only be made great by the presidency that follows . An inaugural address is a plan , and the test of a plan is the result . A speech can fail all by itself . Its ideas can be weak , its language can be foggy . But even if the ideas are clear and the words crisp , an inaugural address can be deemed "  great " only if it is followed by actions that make good on its lofty words . This is why we still remember the mighty words of Lincoln and FDR and why we forget almost all the others . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Most inaugural speeches are full of rhetoric , lack real inspiration He says they tend to promise great things but are vague on specific commitments There are noble speeches that get undermined by lack of accomplishment , Frum says Frum : We remember great speeches of Lincoln , FDR because of their great deeds
CNN  -- Lesley Kinzel is not a size zero . She 's not a size 6 or 16 either . She wears a U.S. size 26 , has no plans to change that and she 'd be more than happy to share her style advice with you . Kinzel , a 35-year-old associate editor at xoJane.com and author of the upcoming "  Two Whole Cakes , " is part of an increasingly popular online movement that celebrates fashion for larger women -- without a tent dress or body-camouflaging cardigan in sight . The authors of so-called "  fatshion " blogs -- with names like Fat Girls Like Nice Clothes Too , Manolo for the Big Girl , Curves to Kill and Thicker Than Your Average Girl -- seek to send an empowering message to their plus-sized sisters : We 're here , we 're fat , we look just fabulous -- and you can , too . "  Fat " is a loaded word , often wielded as a weapon , but Kinzel hopes to lessen its power to wound . "  Learning to use the word ` fat ' as a basic descriptor , stripping it of its negative baggage , was a huge part of my self-acceptance process , " she says . "  Some women never get comfortable with it , and I understand that -- for some , it 's been used as a weapon for too long for anything positive to be salvaged . "  But I love the word ` fat ' precisely because my candid and positive use of it often shocks people ... it means everyone who hears the word ` fat ' from me is having to take a moment to think about what I mean by it , and to resist the knee-jerk assumption that I must mean something bad . " With that in mind , she created a blog , Fatshionista , in 2007 . Though many of the original postings are now archived at her "  body politics , social justice activism and pop-cultural criticism " blog , Two Whole Cakes , her writing shares a body-positive message for women she feels are not represented as beautiful and desirable in mainstream media . Growing up , she says , "  I did n't have many famous examples of positive fat-lady representation . I mean , there was Roseanne . I loved Roseanne , but not because she was beautiful -- I loved her because she was smart and tough and did n't take crap from anyone . " Fat girls representing themselves as confident , smart and resourceful is key , Kinzel says . "  If we wait for television and magazines to do this for us , we 're going to be waiting a very long time , " she says . "  So we do it ourselves . " Jessica Kane , creator of Life and Style of Jessica  tagline "  Real is perfect ! "  and owner of Skorch Plus Size Style Magazine , agrees with the importance of owning words as a first step to self-acceptance . Some girls might see themselves as curvy , while others see themselves as plus-sized . She says , "  I do embrace the word ` fat , ' because I am . It 's not mean or spiteful , but a fact . " Kane recalls , "  I grew up in a broken home with no role models , and was tortured in high school for not being cool enough and never had a boyfriend . It was after high school and realizing the larger world around me and being exposed to plus-size fashion via the Internet that I started to see I was not the minority and there were women who were confident and my size . Those women gave me strength , and I hope to pass that along as well . " With her blog , she 's taken control of the message in the way an occasional "  special section " or magazine insert never would . "  The majority of women need to be represented , and blogs like mine that thrive with hundreds of thousands of views a month show that there are women who want to see more . We need the thin girls next to the big girls as well as the brown girls next to the white girls . Diversity is key , " Kane says . "  There 's nothing more empowering than connecting with women just like you . No matter what you 're going through , you are n't alone . " The problem for many women , no matter their level of body acceptance , is simply finding attractive clothes in their size . It 's easy for bigger women to feel like no trendy clothes exist in their size , and they have no right to wear them , to be seen , to be active participants in fashion . As Kinzel says , "  The fatter you get the harder it is . " Bloggers share their plus-sized fashion finds from mainstream retailers like Lane Bryant , Top Shop and Torrid , as well as delving into more niche designers and outlets like Domino Dollhouse , Qristyl Frazier Designs , Monif C. and the Curve line from ASOS . They post pictures and links from the catalogues -- or even of themselves modeling the clothes , looking confident and gorgeous as all get out . Dee S. , an 21-year-old Irish woman who blogs at Pearls , Lace and Ruffles says she 's a "  5 ' 3 " - apple-shaped-plus-sized-gal " who carries her weight in her midsection , so even fashion for large girls rarely fits her . Her secret is to remain open to possibilities . "  The best way to find clothes is just to go out shopping and do n't restrict yourself . I used to avoid the ` normal ' side of Forever 21 's store and go straight for the plus section -- but now I browse the whole store . If I see something I like in the regular section , I try it on . Most times , if it 's a stretchy or knit fabric , then a size large will fit me , " Dee says . Designer Angela Zampell noticed this inequity in the marketplace and decided to expand her already popular Mode Merr clothing line to , as her company 's tagline says , dress "  stylish women from xxs-xxxl . " "  I truly believe that there is room for woman to feel sexy in their clothes . I saw a definite need for a wider size range in the market . It 's not fair for just the tiny ladies to have the best selection , " Zampell says . "  I think that the key is not to forget that larger gals still have a shape and it is n't square . " Her bold , curve-hugging clothing  she has an item called the "  Everybody Loves Cleavage Blouse "  has become a favorite of the plus-sized blogosphere , as well as the generally body-positive burlesque community . She sees the lack of flattering clothing as a result of social prejudice , rather than a result of any perceived figure flaws . "  It 's much easier to design for curves , " she notes . For Kinzel , Kane and Dee , there are tremendous rewards in helping other women realize their beauty potential , but it has not been without risks . It is , after all , the Internet , and with that , the inevitable rain of anonymous hostility from people offended that a larger woman would dare to find herself attractive . "  The people who get angriest about fat girls looking good and feeling hot are the people who are the most strongly invested in the idea that a person has to be skinny in order to be happy , healthy , and loved , " Kinzel says . "  Very often it 's people just projecting their own body-loathing onto someone else ; if you 're truly comfortable and confident in your own skin , it should n't make a difference to you what anyone else is wearing , or how they look . It only affects you if it 's making you question your assumptions , about both other people and about yourself . " Dee says she 's weathered worse in person . When people see a bigger girl enjoying herself , they 're shocked , she says . At a club with her friends , a man referred to her as the "  fat bitch . " She responded , "  Yes , I 'm fat , so what ? " The look on his face , she says , was priceless . "  Where I live , most women over a size 16 tend to wear long skirts and baggy dresses , so people sometimes double-take when they see a big girl in a mini dress or cute blouse and heels . " Kane chalks the reactions up to jealousy and notes that in the bigger-girl blogosphere , it can cut both ways . "  That person judging and knocking a thinner woman for feeling great is probably jealous that that person feels so great about themselves , and secretly wishing they had that too , " she says . Kinzel , however , has found the negative response to be an extreme minority , and their invective is greatly outweighed by the reward . She routinely get grateful emails from people of all sizes , people dealing with or recovering from eating disorders , even men . "  It 's very humbling . " And it 's worth it to Dee to keep putting herself out there in such a public way , no matter the challenges . While it 's empowering to look beautiful on the outside , "  Life is too short to be hung up on appearance , " she says . "  At the end of the day , its just your outer shell -- there 's a whole personality underneath that 's just waiting to shine . And even if you do n't realize how beautiful you are , someone else is out there who thinks you are the most beautiful person in the world . " Even if it 's a stranger , looking at you through a screen .	A movement of plus-sized fashion bloggers are redefining beautiful and reclaiming the word "  fat " Blogger Lesley Kinzel says "  fat " has "  been used as a weapon for too long " Some designers are taking notice , creating looks for a broader range of sizes Positive responses are more common than negative comments , blogger says
CNN  -- Authorities have charged a man with being a stowaway after he allegedly took a flight from New York to Los Angeles , even though he did n't have a proper boarding pass and was not on the flight manifest . It was n't until after Virgin America Flight 415 took off from John F. Kennedy International Airport on Friday that the airline discovered the man , identified as Olajide Oluwaseun Noibi , was n't supposed to be on the flight , according to an FBI affidavit . The flight crew became aware of him when two passengers complained about his odor , FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said . He was seated toward the front of the plane , in seat 3E , according to the affidavit . But authorities did not arrest Noibi on Friday . They arrested him this week , on Wednesday , when he returned to Los Angeles International Airport and tried to fraudulently board a Delta flight bound for Atlanta , according to the FBI . Officials found he was carrying numerous boarding passes , none in his name , the FBI said . Eimiller said the FBI did detain Noibi when the flight from New York landed in Los Angeles . Agents investigated to see if he or his luggage posed any immediate threat . They then released him , Eimiller said . The FBI is not saying what investigative steps it may have taken in the following days , nor whether it knew Noibi would appear for the Delta flight . The FBI affidavit says an agent was at the Delta departure gate when Noibi arrived . "  We are investigating his motivation , and whether it was anything beyond not wanting to pay for a ticket , " Eimiller said . Authorities are also looking to see whether Noibi has used aliases or multiple addresses , she said . Noibi appeared in court Wednesday , where his case was continued . He is expected back in U.S. District Court on Friday , Eimiller said . A law enforcement official told CNN there is nothing at this point to indicate terrorism in the case . However , the incident has raised questions about airline security and how someone could get through security and board a plane without a valid ticket and proper documentation . Transportation Security Administration spokesman Greg Soule issued a statement saying , "  Every passenger that passes through security checkpoints is subject to many layers of security including thorough physical screening at the checkpoint . TSA 's review of this matter indicates that the passenger went through screening . It is important to note that this passenger was subject to the same physical screening at the checkpoint as other passengers . " Disciplinary action for the TSA officers involved is under review and at a minimum , the officers will receive remedial training , a TSA official speaking on the condition of anonymity told CNN . In an updated statement Thursday , the agency said its "  initial review of this matter indicates the officer reviewing the passenger 's travel documents did not identify that the passenger was traveling with improper travel documents . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , sent a letter Thursday to TSA Director John Pistole asking for a briefing by July 8 "  on the immediate measures TSA is taking to address these recent failures and any disciplinary action being taken against the travel document checker " at Kennedy airport . King also called for an audit of the performance by all personnel who check travel documents , adding that almost a decade after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , "  failures of this kind should be a thing of the distant past . " A Virgin America spokeswoman said the airline "  maintains security and other screening systems in place to prevent such an occurrence ; however , in this case it appears staff may have missed an alert when the passenger presented a boarding pass from a prior flight . " After discovering that Noibi should not have been on the flight , the crew kept him "  under surveillance , but at no time felt there was any threat to the security of the flight , " the statement said , adding that the man slept for most of the flight . "  We take security matters very seriously and are reviewing our training to ensure that this anomaly does not occur again , " spokeswoman Patricia Condon said . Noibi is from Nigeria and is a U.S. citizen , Eimiller said . Public records show he is 24 years old . When flying to Los Angeles last week , Noibi was questioned by a flight attendant . He produced a boarding pass from a different date that was not in his name , FBI Special Agent Kevin Hogg said in the affidavit . The man whose name was on the boarding pass told Hogg that his boarding pass had disappeared from his back pocket after he took the subway to the airport last Thursday , the day before the flight Noibi was on , according to the affidavit . It was not clear how Noibi got to the gate for the flight at JFK . Noibi said he has a U.S. passport that had been stolen and that he had his Nigerian passport at home , Hogg wrote in the affidavit . Federal law states that being a stowaway on board a flight is a felony punishable by up to five years in prison . A flight attendant noticed that Noibi was "  occupying a seat that the other attendants said was supposed to be empty , " the affidavit says . When the attendant , Satoshi Saito , asked to see his boarding pass , Noibi responded that it was in his bag in an overhead bin , the affidavit said . After the bag was retrieved , Noibi reached in and handed Saito a boarding pass , which had a different date . Noibi said he had missed the flight the day before . Saito then brought the boarding pass to the captain , who instructed Saito to request further ID . "  At that point , Noibi did not want to talk with Saito and was hesitant . Eventually Noibi produced a University of Michigan identification card with his photo and his full name . Saito took the identification card to the captain , who observed that the names did not match and the date was wrong on the boarding pass . The flight crew noted that Noibi was not on the flight manifest . " It is not clear what Noibi did for several days in Los Angeles , but he later told authorities he was recruiting people for his software business . The University of Michigan website lists someone by that name as affiliated with an electrical engineering program . University spokeswoman Kelly Cunningham said Noibi was enrolled at the College of Engineering from 2004 through the fall of 2006 , but is not a current student , and there is no record of his graduation . Cunningham said she could not comment on the circumstances of his leaving the university , nor whether he had ever had problems while at the university . The university lists an e-mail address for Noibi . A message from CNN to that address Thursday morning was not immediately returned . A page on the website LinkedIn for someone with Noibi 's name lists him as "  president , CEO and co-founder " of a company and links to its website . The site says the company is in Lagos , Nigeria . A man who answered the phone listed for the company and gave his name only as "  Timi " said Noibi does some consulting for the company . The LinkedIn page also links to his Facebook account . A message sent to that account was not immediately returned . On Wednesday , Hogg wrote in his affidavit , he was with an officer from Customs and Border Protection when Noibi approached the Delta departure gate counter at LAX for a flight to Atlanta . Noibi showed a Delta agent "  a portion of a green boarding pass , " but the agent told him the ticket was for the previous day and was not a valid boarding pass for the flight . Noibi insisted that he had been told he could go to the gate for the flight , the affidavit said . When Hogg approached Noibi and read him his Miranda rights , Noibi acknowledged that he had not paid for his flight to Los Angeles . He also said he spent the night at LAX in the secure portion of the airport , the affidavit said . "  Noibi claimed he was able to go through passenger screening by obtaining a seat pass and displaying his University of Michigan identification and a police report that his passport had been stolen . " Authorities found he had two boarding passes in his pocket and more than 10 in his two bags . "  Noibi did not have any boarding passes in his own name , " the affidavit said . FBI spokeswoman Eimiller said the FBI has not determined how he came into possession of the boarding passes . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Josh Levs , Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty , and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. King seeks TSA report to Congress on the security breach TSA says an officer "  did not identify " that the passenger lacked proper travel documents The TSA officers involved are under review , an official says Virgin America says its crew may have missed an alert about Noibi 's boarding pass
CNN  -- South Korea 's In-Kyung Kim had the Kraft Nabisco golf tournament at Mission Hills in California all but won on the final hole Sunday -- all she needed to do was tap in for par from about a foot out and she was virtually guaranteed the win . But her putt rimmed out for a bogey forcing a sudden death playoff that she lost on the first hole . Her compatriot Yoo Sun-young rolled in a 15-feet birdie to take the first women 's major of the year . "  I 'm speechless right now . I played pretty solid today , " the 25-year-old Yoo said in a television interview by the green . Her win was in stark contrast to Kim 's heartbreaking loss . After sinking the putt , she covered her ears with her hands and looked skyward in despair before going back to the 18th tee for the play-off . Both players were tied at nine-under-par 279 after 72 holes . Yoo easily took the play-off after Kim drove her ball deep into the left rough . "  I did n't think about winning today because I did n't want to expect too much , and I did n't want to let myself down , " Yoo told reporters after becoming the second South Korean to win the event , following Grace Park in 2004 . Yoo climbed five places to 16th in the world rankings after claiming her second victory on the LPGA Tour , having also triumphed at the 2010 Sybase Match Play Championship . Kim has won three times on the LPGA Tour , but is still waiting for her first major title . "  Sometimes things happen , and it 's kind of tough because it 's the Nabisco , and hopefully I 'll have better or more chances , " the 23-year-old said . World No. 1 Yani Tseng had begun the day tied for the lead with Sweden 's Karin Sjodin , but narrowly missed going to the the playoff when she missed a long birdie putt at the 18th hole to finish one shot behind the leaders . "  I was totally shocked that I could n't make that , " said the 23-year-old from Taiwan , who was seeking to become the youngest player to win six major titles . "  But I tried my best again . I finished strong . It was a day I really do n't want , but I gave my 100 % effort out there . " Tseng also led going into the final round of last year 's tournament , but finished three shots behind Stacy Lewis . "  Last year when I finished I was crying so hard , but this year I was happy , smiling , enjoy the crowd , enjoy walking on the 18 holes , and I think it 's because I do my best every shot , " she said . "  And I said maybe God just wanted another player to win and give me something to learn more and improve myself . " On Saturday , Sjodin fired a four-under 68 to join Tseng on nine-under at the top of the leaderboard . However , she eventually tied for fourth at 281 with Lewis  66  and Koreans Amy Yang  69  and Seo Hee-kyung  71  . She was unable to hold her three-shot lead gained early in the final round after an eagle at the second hole , while Seo took a three-shot edge in the back nine before sliding back .	In-Kyung Kim misses tournament-winning birdie at women 's opening major South Korean 's one-foot putt rims out for a bogey to force a playoff Yoo Sun-young easily wins Sunday 's playoff to claim her first major title World No. 1 Yani Tseng , of Taiwan , finishes one shot behind leaders
CNN  -- Recent headlines make clear that the American public is troubled by government secrecy . But what should be done to address these concerns is less clear . Some argue that there ought to be little or no government secrecy because citizens must be kept fully informed of what public officials are up to . But this stance makes little sense since the government has to collect secret intelligence and conduct covert operations in order to preserve national security . We do not want Iran to build nuclear weapons , or North Korea to refine its missile technology , or al Qaeda to launch another attack , or for the Middle East to descend into war . To confront these threats and challenges we need the NSA and CIA to keep tabs on foreign powers and organizations . Since we can not do without intelligence , and the secrecy this requires , the sensible thing to do , it would seem , is to bolster the checks and balances that can prevent the misuse of such powers . But this is easier said than done . Consider the difficulties that arise when lawmakers and judges are tasked with overseeing covert activities . Presidents often feel uncomfortable sharing secrets with Congress , because its members have been known to disclose information in order to score partisan political points . Meanwhile judges tend to defer to the government 's claims about what needs to be kept secret in the national interest because they believe they lack the expertise and the authority to second-guess intelligence agencies . A common response to these difficulties has been to urge lawmakers and courts to do more . Congress ought to compel the executive to share secret information , the argument goes , and judges ought to cultivate greater expertise in intelligence matters or draw upon outside experts . But this advice overlooks a deeper problem -- often there is no obviously "  right " answer about what should be concealed or disclosed . In order to determine what should be made public it is necessary to balance often uncertain costs and benefits . For example , revealing how Angela Merkel is targeted by surveillance operations might better inform public debate on surveillance but it might also allow Kim Jong-Un to better evade American surveillance . Does the benefit outweigh the cost ? Much depends on the facts , and therefore on the political judgment and moral sensibilities of officials who have access to the facts . The uncertainties surrounding covert activities may lead us to think that we can prevent secrecy from being used to conceal wrongdoing by being careful about whom we appoint to exercise and oversee secrecy . But it is n't quite that easy . We can not be entirely confident about the quality of oversight provided by those whom we task with monitoring secret activities , since such oversight must itself be conducted in secret . How then to tell if those whom we select are dispassionate and thoughtful when we can not see how they are doing their jobs ? An example might make this point clearer . Recently the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Court  FISC  has come under criticism for authorizing surveillance by the NSA . Did the FISC act reasonably ? We can not be certain because the confidential nature of its deliberations prevents a full telling of the story . This does n't mean the FISC is untrustworthy -- were the facts able to be made public , the critics ' fears that it acted subserviently might prove entirely unjustified . There is another way to guard against the abuse of secrecy . There is the distinct possibility that if something wrongful is done secretly , someone in the chain of command will make the wrongdoing public . Such disclosures can take the form of whistleblowing  when government employees complain openly  or leaking  when they disclose evidence anonymously  . There are many well known examples of such unauthorized disclosures . Recall for instance Mark Felt 's disclosures that helped bring down the Nixon administration , or the leaks that revealed the existence of so-called CIA "  black sites "  or secret prisons  during the so-called War on Terror , or the complaint by Sergeant Joseph Darby that exposed prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib . The fact that whistleblowers , leakers , and reporters can act as "  fire alarms " has led to their being valorized in the news media . As a result , when the Obama administration has taken action against government employees that have disclosed classified information , and subpoenaed the Associated Press ' telephone records , it has been accused of waging a "  war on whistleblowers " and undermining the First Amendment . But once again we must be careful . Brave whistleblowers like Darby deserve our support and praise . However we should not overlook the possibility that some government employees disclose information in order to settle scores or to further their own preferred policies . Nor should we forget that the press profits from scandal , which gives it a strong incentive to sensationalize and exaggerate . Of course the motives of leakers , whistleblowers , and the reporters that cover them are not particularly relevant when they expose unquestionably criminal activity . Felt 's motivations when he disclosed what he knew about Watergate seem quite irrelevant for instance . But a government employee 's motives -- and a reporter 's incentives -- do matter when they disclose secret information concerning activities whose alleged illegality and immorality is doubtful . At times their claims can be quite weak . Consider for instance Edward Snowden 's claim that he disclosed NSA secrets because he "  witnessed systemic violations of law by my government that created a moral duty to act . " This claim does not justify his revealing U.S. surveillance of Chinese or German leaders . There are no laws prohibiting countries from spying on each other . Snowden apparently believes that spying is immoral , but then why did he agree to work at the NSA ? And more importantly , why is he entitled to impose his ideological beliefs on Americans who would prefer that we keep tabs on Chinese and European leaders especially since those countries spy on Americans ? Snowden also claims that his revelations have been "  a public service " because they have increased public "  knowledge " of surveillance activities . But has public knowledge really increased ? The NSA can not present its side of the story because it needs to protect the methods it uses . So we only have half the story . Moreover , Snowden 's desire to foster public debate about surveillance is naive . An open discussion on what kinds of surveillance activities should be out of bounds alerts foreign powers and organizations about which communications channels it would be safe for them to use . For example , if the U.S. declares that it will refrain from cracking the encryption systems used by Apple or Google , wo n't that encourage al Qaeda to use iPhones and Gmail to communicate ? So to answer the question we started out with , the public 's approach to government secrecy ought to be a measured one . We ought to recognize that secrecy can be necessary for national security , and we ought to take responsibility for the people we appoint to exercise secrecy on our behalf . We ought to welcome unauthorized disclosures when they reveal unquestionably criminal activity . At the same time , we ought to remember that the watchmen that guard against the misuse of this secrecy , including whistleblowers and reporters , might themselves behave less than sensibly . The opinions expressed are solely those of Rahul Sagar .	We ought to recognize that secrecy can be necessary for national security , Sagar writes We should welcome unauthorized disclosures when they reveal criminal activity , he says Sagar : Watchmen that guard against the secrecy misuse might behave less than sensibly
London  CNN  -- The hijacking of a U.S.-bound oil tanker carrying 2 million barrels of crude on Wednesday marks what one shipping official calls "  significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis , " with major oil lines to the West under severe threat . Pirates seized the MV Irene SL , a Greek supertanker , in the afternoon -- marking the second such incident in two days . They occurred in the Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean where hijacking have become commonplace in recent years . The European Union Naval Force said the Irene departed Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates and was destined for the Egyptian port of Suez in the North Arabian Sea when it was attacked . But the force does n't always report the final destination . Joe Angelo , managing director of the trade association INTERTANKO , citing the owner , Enesel S.A. , said the ship was ultimately headed for the U.S. gulf . "  The hijacking by pirates of 2 million barrels of Kuwaiti crude oil destined for the U.S. in a large Greek tanker in the middle of the main sea lanes coming from the Middle East Gulf marks a significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis in the Indian Ocean , " Angelo told CNN . "  If piracy in the Indian Ocean is left unabated , it will strangle these crucial shipping lanes with the potential to severely disrupt oil flows to the U.S. and to the rest of the world . " The Wednesday incident took place about 350 nautical miles southeast of the Omani city of Muscat in the North Arabian Sea . The crew consists of 17 Filipinos , seven Greeks , and a Georgian . A Greek Merchant Marine Ministry spokesman said the ship was carrying 266,000 tons of crude oil . There has been no communication with the ship , officials from Greece and the European Union Naval Force said . On Tuesday , the MV Savina Caylyn , an Italian-flagged oil tanker , was headed from Sudan to Malaysia when five people on a skiff launched a "  sustained attack " on the tanker with small arms and rocket propelled grenades and then got on the ship . The naval force also said on Wednesday it received reports that the Golden Wave , a South Korean fishing vessel seized in October off the Kenyan coast , has been released from pirate control . The condition of the 43 crew members are not known , but the naval force says "  they are in need of food , water and medical aid . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The ship was ultimately bound for the U.S. , official says NEW : If left unabated , piracy can strangle crucial shipping lines The latest occurred about 350 nautical miles southeast of Muscat The tanker 's crew numbers 25 people
CNN  -- Hall of Fame former NBA coach John "  Dr. Jack " Ramsay , who became a basketball TV analyst years after winning a league championship with the Portland Trail Blazers , has died at age 89 , his longtime employer ESPN said Monday on Twitter . The cause of death was n't immediately announced . Ramsay had battled various types of cancer for more than a decade . The Philadelphia native made his mark in the collegiate and professional coaching ranks , taking St. Joseph 's College to 10 postseason appearances in the 1950s and 1960s before becoming general manager of the Philadelphia 76ers , winning an NBA title in 1967 . He later coached the 76ers , Buffalo Braves , Portland Trail Blazers and Indiana Pacers , earning a 864-783 record from 1968 to 1988 . His Trail Blazers won the NBA title in 1977 , fueled by center Bill Walton , who was named the NBA Finals ' Most Valuable Player . It is the Trail Blazers ' only NBA championship . Ramsay turned to television after leaving the Pacers , analyzing games for the Miami Heat , ESPN Radio and other ESPN platforms . He was inducted in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992 . He was known as "  Dr. Jack " for his doctorate in education , which he earned at the University of Pennsylvania in the 1960s . When the NBA celebrated its 50th anniversary during the 1996-1997 season , NBA reporters voted Ramsay to a list of top 10 coaches in NBA history . CNN 's Jillian Martin and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	John "  Dr. Jack " Ramsay led Portland Trail Blazers to their only NBA title in 1977 Ramsay also won an NBA title as 76ers ' general manager in 1967 Ramsay , inducted in Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992 , had 864-783 NBA coaching record
CNN  -- After meeting Monday with six victims of sexual abuse by clergy members , Pope Francis apologized for the crimes committed against them and begged forgiveness "  for the sins of omission on the part of church leaders who did not respond adequately to reports of abuse . " Apologies are all well and good , but this one brings to mind two trite but true sayings : "  Too little , too late " and "  Actions speak louder than words . " Unfortunately , Francis has more to do so that future popes wo n't have to keep saying "  I 'm sorry " for these crimes and the Catholic Church 's cover-up . This is not to downplay the important symbolism of public apologies from the church 's top leader . Indeed , Francis seems sincere and acknowledges the complicity of the institutional church in the cover-up , not just the actions of individual men . But Francis is not the first pope to meet with sex abuse victims or even the first to offer an official apology for what has to be one of the gravest evils in the church . His predecessor , Pope Benedict XVI , met on several occasions with victims , including during a trip to the United States . After one such meeting , he also issued a formal apology , saying he was "  deeply sorry for the pain and suffering the victims have endured . " In comparison , Francis ' apology , given during a lengthy homily , was more extensive , emphasizing the psychological and spiritual pain victims have endured and noting that these "  despicable actions " had been "  camouflaged with a complicity that can not be explained . " It also was better than his , "  Yes , but ... " apology earlier this year , when he mentioned that abusers were "  quite a few in number , though not compared to the total number " of priests , after earlier complaining about how the church had been unfairly singled out for the problem of sexual abuse of minors . Given the enormity of this problem facing the Catholic Church , however , victims ' rights groups are correct in expressing disappointment with how long it took for the new Pope to meet with them  16 months into his pontificate  . In March , editors of the National Catholic Reporter , which has been covering sex abuse by clergy for nearly three decades , implored the Pope in an open letter to make meeting with victims a priority . As someone who clearly understands the significance of his actions -- everything from his choice of attire to whose feet he washes on Holy Thursday -- Francis should have met with victims much sooner than this . Still , Monday 's apology seems to be part of more significant movements in the Vatican , including the naming of a victim to a new panel to address sex abuse and the recent defrocking of a Polish archbishop and papal ambassador accused of paying for sex with minors . But there is much more to be done , starting with the removal of Kansas City-St . Joseph Bishop Robert Finn , who has been found guilty of failing to report suspicions of child abuse to police or state child welfare authorities . The diocese has recently been ordered to pay $ 1.1 million for violating terms of an earlier contract of reparations . Of course , a good apology includes not only acknowledgment of personal and/or corporate responsibility for the victim 's pain , but also a promise to fix things , or at least to not continue to inflict that pain . The church is finally , after decades of denying or minimizing victims ' pain , accepting responsibility . But we 're not yet there on fixing things . That 's why victims ' rights groups are understandably frustrated by the molasses-like pace of the church on this issue . Barbara Blaine , president of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , applauded the courage of the victims who met with Francis on Monday but complained about the need for more decisive action . "  The Pope says the church should ` make reparations ' to victims . That 's secondary . Stopping abuse and protecting children comes first . And sadly , no child on earth is safer today because of this meeting , " she wrote in a statement . Here 's another saying : "  To err is human ; to forgive , divine . " If that 's true , it will be the victims who will be the real saints , not the apologizers .	Heidi Schlumpf : Pope Francis met with victims of clergy sexual abuse , begged forgiveness She says apology good , but he must do more to make amends with victims , all Catholics She says Vatican steps positive ; Pope should remove Kansas City bishop who covered up Schlumpf : Victims ' groups want more action ; if they can forgive , they are ones to be commended
CNN  -- Three inmates were shot and wounded by guards Friday during an escape attempt at a Livingston , Texas , prison , officials said . The incident started about 9 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  when inmates were leaving a church service at a gymnasium in the prison , said Jason Clark , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice . While walking back from the church service , five inmates jumped an interior fence in an attempt to flee , officials said . Guards opened fire , wounding three of the inmates . All five were captured and the wounded inmates were taken to a hospital , Clark said . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Five inmates tried to escape from Texas prison , officials say Inmates had just attended church service moments before escape attempt Prison guards later opened fire on inmates , wounding three
Carolina Panthers star defensive end Greg Hardy , who has been granted a new trial this fall after a domestic violence conviction in July , has taken a voluntary leave with pay until his legal matters are resolved , the team announced Wednesday . "  We understand Greg 's decision , " Panthers general manager Dave Gettleman told reporters . "  And given the circumstances , it 's very important that he concentrate on his legal issues . We believe this is the right course of action at this time for both Greg and the Carolina Panthers . " Authorities say Hardy in May choked his then-girlfriend , threw her around , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced in July to 18 months of probation and a 60-day suspended sentence for the misdemeanors with which he was charged . The 6-foot-4 , 275 pound defensive end says he is innocent and has appealed a guilty verdict rendered by a Mecklenburg County judge in North Carolina . He was granted a jury trial that is scheduled for mid-November . "  I understand that I need to step away from football right now and take care of this legal matter . I am entitled to due process and my day in court , and that 's where my focus should be , " Hardy said in a statement released by the team . "  I appreciate the Panthers for giving me this opportunity and look forward to being back with my teammates as soon as possible . " Gettleman said that Hardy will be placed on the NFL 's exempt/commissioner 's permission list , which allows in special circumstances for players to be paid while on leave . He can still use the team 's facilities but can not attend practice . Peterson wo n't play until legal matters resolved The players ' union said it worked with the league , the Carolina Panthers and Hardy on the matter . "  We support this decision and hope the best for him and his family , " the NFL Players Association said in a written statement . Hardy , who led the team last season with 15 sacks and was a Pro Bowl selection , missed Sunday 's game against the Detroit Lions after the team placed on the inactive list . He played in the season opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and had four tackles .	Greg Hardy says he needs to focus on legal defense Hardy was convicted by a judge in July of misdemeanor charges in a domestic violence case The Panthers ' defensive star will take leave as he prepares for a jury trial Authorities allege Hardy assaulted , threatened to kill his then-girlfriend
CNN  -- In yet another attempt to help stop the relentless bloodshed in Syria , a group of U.N. monitors are on the ground to observe a so-called "  cease-fire " that appears to be violated daily . While opposition activists have reported some improvements thanks to the monitors ' presence -- including a brief slowdown of shelling and the ability to retrieve bodies from streets without fear of government sniper attacks -- some say the mission will have little net effect , serving merely as proof that the international community is taking some sort of action . What exactly are the monitors supposed to do ? The U.N. Security Council has authorized up to 300 unarmed military observers for a 90-day mission in Syria . The monitors are tasked with observing a cease-fire that was supposed to go into effect April 12 , though both the Syrian regime and opposition have reported at least hundreds of killings since then . The cease-fire is part of a six-point peace plan laid out by U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan that was accepted by both the Syrian government and opposition members . In addition , observers are tasked with supporting the implementation of Annan 's peace plan , which also calls for access for humanitarian groups , the release of arbitrarily arrested detainees and the start of a political dialogue . Who are these monitors ? The unarmed military monitors are soldiers trained in peacekeeping duties . They come from at least 11 different countries , including Argentina , Belgium , Brazil , Finland , Morocco , Norway , Russia , Switzerland , China , Ghana and Indonesia . The observers are selected based on availability from neighboring missions and recommendations by member states , said Ahmad Fawzi , Annan 's spokesman . What restrictions has the Syrian government placed on the monitoring mission ? U.N. officials say President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has refused at least one U.N. monitor because of his nationality and said it wo n't accept monitors from "  Friends of Syria " countries -- precluding observers from many Western countries who have been vocal on the Syrian crisis . The Friends of Syria group , which aims to find a solution to the Syrian crisis , includes more than 60 countries and international bodies , including Turkey , the Arab League , the United States , France and the United Kingdom . In April , the group formally recognized the opposition Syrian National Council as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people . The regime 's refusal to allow monitors from such countries is n't surprising , said Asher Kaufman , associate professor at the University of Notre Dame 's Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies . "  I understand their point . ... Bashar is concerned with his own survival , " he said . Al-Assad probably does not want to risk allowing monitors from countries that could be aligned with the opposition . He said the monitors could come from "  impartial " countries , as "  there are enough members states in the U.N. that are not members of the Friends of Syria coalition . " Fawzi , Annan 's spokesman , acknowledged Syria 's demand might be a challenge . "  That could be a problem , which we will deal with when it becomes one , " he said . What other challenges does the mission face ? Opposition activists and world leaders have decried reports of retaliation attacks against residents who speak out to the U.N. monitors . "  We have credible reports that when  monitors  leave , exchanges start again , that these people who approach the observers may be approached by security forces or Syrian army and harassed or , even worse , killed , " Fawzi told the U.N. Security Council . In addition to the fear of speaking freely to the monitors , some say the observers are usually flanked by government forces -- preventing a fully objective , comprehensive view of the crisis . "  If the U.N. monitor mission is accompanied by military , then they 're not really monitoring the situation , " Kaufman said . Can the observer mission bring peace to Syria ? Even the head of the monitoring mission , Maj. Gen. Robert Mood of Norway , said no number of monitors can stop the violence without a commitment to peace by all sides of the conflict . "  Ten unarmed observers , 30 unarmed observers , 300 unarmed observers , even 1,000 unarmed observers can not solve all the problems , " Mood told reporters after arriving in Syria in April . "  So I call on everyone to help us and cooperate with us in this very challenging task ahead of us . " But Murhaf Jouejati , a Syrian-born scholar at the Middle East Institute in Washington , said the monitoring mission was "  dead on arrival . " "  No one expects the Assad regime to abide by the six-point plan of Mr. Kofi Annan , " said Jouejati , who is also a member of the opposition Syrian National Council . "  What can I say ? It has failed . The Assad regime has failed every principle . " Jouejati said the international community is clinging onto the peace plan to prove it is taking some sort of action , "  to justify the lack of action it should take to save Syrian lives . " Since no diplomatic efforts have successfully stopped the violence , is it time for foreign military intervention ? "  I think it was necessary some time ago , " Jouejati said . "  In the absence of a greater force ... Assad is going to continue to slaughter his people until he wins . He will win when he subdues this uprising , when Syrians will be too fearful to go out and demonstrate for their freedom and their dignity . " But unlike with Libya , NATO has shown no interest in launching a military mission in Syria . There are several possible reasons why the international community would be more hesitant to get involved militarily in Syria . In Libya , rebels had their own capital of sorts -- the opposition stronghold of Benghazi , where they operated out of a large base . But Syrian rebels do n't have such a central operations center . In addition , the Syrian army is much stronger and better equipped than the Libyan army . And Syria is considerably more mountainous than Libya , which could make military operations more difficult . Plus there 's worry over possible political fallout , Jouejati said . The United States , for example , is in the middle of an election year . "  All seem to be waiting for a U.S. lead ... and as long as the U.S. does not lead , no other countries " will initiate , Jouejati said . What other options does the international community have to help end the slaughter in Syria ? "  If I were a diplomat , I 'd be less focused on sending 300 monitors and more focused on reaching a consensus with Russia and China , " Kaufman , the Notre Dame professor , said . Russia and China are the only members of of the U.N. Security Council that have repeatedly blocked attempts at formally condemning the Syrian regime . Both countries have said they want to focus on a Syrian resolution based on political dialogue , but many analysts say Russia and China have ulterior motives . Syria is one of the largest recipients of Russian military equipment , Jouejati said , and Russia leases a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartus , giving the Russian navy its only direct access to the Mediterranean . But the interests are n't just financial or geographical . "  Russia and China are both very fearful that the Security Council interferes with internal affairs of states , " Jouejati said . "  Russia has a problem with Chechnya , and China has a problem with Tibet . " But both Russia and China support the U.N. monitoring mission . And Syria 's failure to maintain a cease-fire could cause enough frustration to shift the political landscape . "  If any good news came out of this monitoring mission , it further exposed the Assad regime , " Jouejati said . "  This may dilute the Russian position . ... I think Russia is beginning to feel the embarrassment that the Syrian regime is causing . "	The U.N. monitoring mission was "  dead on arrival , " one analyst says U.N. officials : Syria is refusing monitors from "  Friends of Syria " countries Spokesman : There are reports that those who speak to monitors may face retaliation The head of the observer mission says all sides in the conflict must commit to peace
JOHNSTOWN , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Located outside a small Pennsylvania city , John Murtha airport may not see many passengers . But it 's seen plenty of arrivals of tax dollars from Washington , most recently economic stimulus funds . Democratic Rep. John Murtha says it 's his job to direct federal funds to his district in Pennsylvania . The airport offers three commercial flights . In between the arrivals and departures , airport officials admit there are few faces around the facility . "  When the flights are coming in , there are people . Other than that , it 's empty , " said Scott Voelker , manager of the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport . But one face is everywhere . Rep. John Murtha , the airport 's namesake , is hard to miss . Considered one of "  the kings of pork " on Capitol Hill by taxpayer watchdog groups , the 19th-term Pennsylvania Democrat has piloted almost $ 200 million from Washington to Murtha airport . Much of the funding has come in the form of legislative earmarks that are attached to bills before Congress . Taxpayer watchdogs have said earmarks -- often derided as "  pork-barrel " spending -- are designed to fund congressional pet projects . " -LSB- Murtha 's -RSB- dumped in nearly $ 200 million into this project that has virtually no passengers . It 's practically a museum piece , " said Steve Ellis with the Taxpayers for Common Sense . Watch why critics say the airport is wasteful " Murtha declined CNN 's request for an interview . His staff issued a statement saying Murtha airport is vital infrastructure designed to "  attract additional business " to the Johnstown area . On his House Web site , Murtha strongly defends earmarks , saying it 's his "  job " to direct federal funds to his district . amFIX : Your thoughts on how congress spends your money Earlier this year , the airport found a new revenue stream , receiving $ 800,000 from the stimulus to repave a crosswind runway that 's used as a backup to the facility 's main landing runway . Even though Voelker said the runway is perfectly safe , he said he believes the stimulus project "  makes a lot of sense . " He noted the runway has n't been repaved since the 1980s . "  Asphalt and concrete need to be replaced , " Voelker added . In December , Murtha made a direct appeal to the Federal Aviation Administration to fund the runway project . The request was rejected . At the time , the airport did not meet FAA criteria for funding because the facility had fewer than 10,000 passengers . But earlier this year , the FAA notified Murtha airport officials the facility had been approved for stimulus funding . The FAA said Murtha did not request the stimulus money . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said Murtha airport received stimulus money because it was "  shovel-ready . " It "  met all of the requirements for the use of the stimulus money , " Brown said . Murtha airport is not the only remote airport landing stimulus funds . According to the FAA 's Web site , hundreds of big and small airports across the country are slated to receive $ 1 billion in stimulus upgrades . Many of the airports are in such far-flung places as U.S. territories Guam and American Samoa . Even King Salmon , Alaska ,  population 447  is expecting $ 9.7 million , according to FAA records . See the records Taxpayer watchdogs said they wonder if some of that 's pork . "  The problem is you 're not getting the multiple bang for your stimulus buck that you 're looking for , " Ellis said . He added , "  when you see deadbeat airports getting cash so they can do their second runway , it really feeds cynicism around the country about the stimulus and about the projects . " Brown defends the use of stimulus money for other remote airports such as Guam . "  Guam is a U.S. territory and is part of the U.S. economy as far as I know , " she said . Murtha airport 's manager said taxpayer money is going to waste at his facility , but not on the runway project . He points to an unstaffed $ 8 million air traffic radar system installed in 2004 . "  It 's been sitting over there , and that radar has been spinning for all those years with no purpose . Just sitting there , " Voelker said . Voelker said he has brought the matter up with both the FAA and Pennsylvania Air National Guard , which uses the air traffic control facility . But he said nobody can explain why the radar system has n't been staffed .	Pennsylvania 's John Murtha airport offers three commercial flights Rep. John Murtha has piloted almost $ 200 million from Washington to the airport Airport also receiving $ 800,000 from economic stimulus Hundreds of airports are slated to receive $ 1 billion in stimulus upgrades , FAA says
CNN  -- Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is two victories away from becoming the first local male player to win the French Open in 30 years after he dismantled Roger Federer in a stunning 7-5 6-3 6-3 victory in Tuesday 's quarterfinal . The 28-year-old must now beat Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer , who saw off compatriot Tommy Robredo in a 6-2 6-1 6-1 win , in the semifinal if he is to replicate Yannick Noah 's 1983 triumph . Only one Frenchman has reached the men 's singles finals at Roland Garros since , with Henri Laconte beaten by Mats Wilander of Sweden in 1988 . Sixth seed Tsonga was in irresistible form on Tuesday as he atoned for the intense disappointment of his quarterfinal exit against Novak Djokovic last year , when he lost despite creating four match points . "  It 's extraordinary to be here and to have won , " he said . "  I could not have dreamed it any better . I played superbly and I beat a champion who has won everything . " When Federer took an early break in the first set , it seemed as though the Swiss would be coasting to yet another grand slam semifinal but the 28-year-old Frenchman rallied in superb form . The first Frenchman into the last four since Gael Monfils five years ago , Tsonga has reached his first semifinal at Roland Garros without dropping a set . Meanwhile , 31-year-old Federer -- who was bidding for an 18th grand slam title -- struggled to find any rhythm on a surface where he has never convinced . The defeat means the former world number one has failed to reach the semifinals of a grand slam for only the fifth time since 2004 . Only one of his 17 grand slams has come in Paris , with the Swiss having won the Australian Open four times , the U.S. Open on five occasions and Wimbledon in seven different years . In a performance littered with 34 unforced errors , the demise of 2009 champions Federer came in just one hour and 51 minutes to the delight of those watching courtside at the Chatrier stadium . "  I thought he played great today , " Federer said . "  He was , in all areas , better than me today . That 's why the result was pretty clean . "  I was impressed by the way he played today . I think I struggled a little bit everywhere . To be honest , personally , I 'm pretty sad about the match and the way I played . " Tsonga -- who lost his only grand slam final to Novak Djokovic at the 2008 Australian Open -- has triumphed in only one of his three meetings against Ferrer , when defeating the Spaniard at Wimbledon in 2011 . Ferrer made light work of beating Robredo as he reached the semifinals at Roland Garros for the second year in succession , the key difference being that -- like Tsonga -- he has not dropped a set this time around . On Wednesday , the lineup for the second semifinal will be known when world No. 1 Novak Djokovic takes on Tommy Haas while Rafael Nadal will try to continue his domination of Paris when facing Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats Roger Federer in straight sets to reach French Open semifinals Frenchman could become the first local male champion since Yannick Noah in 1983 Sixth seed will meet David Ferrer in the semifinals
CNN  A video shoot in Nepal for an Internet comedy series took a serious turn on Saturday as the earth began rumbling . The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake broke out . The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos . The Nepali Pranksters ' videos show people 's reactions to various "  pranks " that challenge cultural norms . One video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long , awkward , handshake ; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance , with mixed results . For their next prank based on Nepal 's ban on plastic bags , Ashish Prasai and Akash Sedai were in Jawalakhel , Sedai said in an email to CNN . The town , in Lalitpur District , is home to Nepal 's famed Central Zoo . The camera was rolling when they felt the ground shaking around 11:55 a.m. , Sedai said . People started screaming and crying and vehicles came to a standstill as a building collapsed in the background . But earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal , and "  we were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake , " Sedai said . They kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the streets full of crying and shouting people . They found homes destroyed , where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble . They stopped and talked to motorists , urging them to keep the streets clear for emergency vehicles , Sedai said . They continued filming as they made their way to to the historic Dharahara tower and Basantapur Durbar Square , a UNESCO world heritage site , where people crawled among the ruins . By then , they realized their country was in a "  very bad condition , " Sedai said . The Nepali Pranksters made it through the first day of the earthquake , as did their families , Sedai said . But with aftershocks and crumbling infrastructure still posing threats , safety is a temporary state of mind right now in Nepal . "  We are scared . ... Earthquakes waves are occurring now , " he said . "  Hope we will be alive and the problem will get solved soon . "	Nepali Pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations The three-person team was filming as the Nepal earthquake began
Albuquerque police shot a homeless man in the back and killed him , and it was all caught on gruesome detail in a police video . It is just one more in a long line of police killings that has the city 's Police Department on the verge of federal oversight . James Boyd , a mentally disturbed man who friends say was attempting to camp out in the foothills above Albuquerque one night in March because city homeless shelters had closed , was holding two small camping knives . Officers negotiated with him for five hours , eventually winning agreement from Boyd to leave the makeshift -- and illegal -- campsite . Then a police stun grenade went off , Boyd , 38 , turned his back and three shots were fired . Police video shows Boyd on his stomach on the ground , wheezing for breath as officers sic a dog on his legs and fire bean bag rounds at him . He was already mortally wounded . An autopsy on Boyd found he was shot in the back . The medical examiner ruled the death a homicide . The horrific encounter , routinely recorded as part of police protocol , is now a key part of an ongoing drama in New Mexico 's largest city -- a series of protests against the police and city officials . Federal officials are close to a deal that would have them supervising the Albuquerque Police Department . Records show that 26 people have been killed by city police in Albuquerque since 2010 , a per capita rate of officer-involved deaths higher than New York City and Chicago . Forty people have been wounded by police over the same period of time . So far , the city has paid out $ 30 million in settlements and officials acknowledge that amount will grow . In a report written before Boyd 's shooting , the U.S. Department of Justice blamed the Police Department for poor training and said "  we find that the department engages in a pattern or practice of using excessive force during the course of arrests and other detentions in violation of the Fourth Amendment . " Boyd 's death has been added to the list of questionable killings . In April 2011 , a young Albuquerque man -- whose parents had contacted police because he had mental health issues -- was killed in his own backyard by two plainclothes police . The officers had come to the home of Christopher Torres on an arrest warrant issued the month before . They said he was armed and shot him in the back as they wrestled on the ground . Torres ' parents , Stephen and Renatta Torres , say he was holding a broomstick , which he laid down when police approached . They sued police , and a judge awarded them $ 6 million in a civil judgment , saying the police testimony was "  not credible . " The Albuquerque district attorney , Kari Brandenburg , cleared the two officers in the Torres killing . She has cleared every other police officer involved in a killing during her last 13 years in office . Police Chief Gordon Eden has been on the job for only about three months . Initially , he called Boyd 's shooting "  justified " but tells CNN that he spoke "  prematurely , and I should n't have . " Eden says he is "  holding people to a higher degree of culpability , " but he is also facing Justice Department oversight . Report : Albuquerque police have ` pattern ' of excessive , deadly force	James Boyd , 25 others killed by Albuquerque police since 2010 Federal officials negotiating to supervise local police force New police chief first called Boyd 's death "  justified , " then said that was premature So far , $ 30 million has been paid out in settlements
CNN  -- His hashtag said it all : not a good idea . Steve-O , best known for his grimace-inducing stunts on the "  Jackass " TV show and films , was in San Antonio this weekend and flipped out . Literally . A photo shared on Facebook some 7,000 times  a related video got over 10,000 shares  shows the wild man in mid-leap . "  I did a good deed today by proving it 's not safe to jump off the bridge at the San Antonio River Walk , " he wrote . "  It 's shallow â $ " I hit the bottom when I landed this gainer flip . #notagoodidea " Not safe because the water is only about 4 feet deep . It 's also illegal . City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River . Doing so can mean a $ 500 fine . San Antonio Police Sgt. Javier Salazar said authorities are looking into the incident "  to determine the appropriate course of action . " It 's not clear if the entertainer will have to open up his wallet . Maybe he should consider himself lucky by walking away from the river stunt . "  It 's all fun and games until you shatter the bottom of your legs , " wrote one fan on his Facebook page . Another chiming in : "  Would n't you check how deep the water is first ? " Apparently not . Steve-O told the Houston Chronicle he "  had no idea the water was only four feet deep when I jumped off this bridge . " Later , he issued a statement blaming city officials for being "  quite irresponsible in neglecting to post ` no diving ' signs on the various bridges along the river . " "  They 've given no indication that people should n't jump , and done nothing to warn anyone about the serious dangers of that shallow water , " Steve-O said . "  Very irresponsible , indeed . " The actor/daredevil added that authorities should be thanking , not investigating , him for his jump . "  I think they should be thanking me for informing people , rather than wasting their citizens ' time and money trying to vilify me , " he said . Although he has thrilled and disgusted audiences with low-brow antics , in recent years Steve-O has showed a more thoughtful side . Last year , he talked to HLN 's Jane Velez Mitchell about his involvement in a documentary about farm animals and his recent decision to go vegan and get sober . But it 's not all high brow . Just three days before his San Antonio plunge , Steve-O posted an Instagram video of a throwback stunt with striking similarities . "  Back in 1996 , I did a flip off a building into 4 feet of water while it was snowing , and landed on my face , " he wrote " #yeahdude . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Steve-O calls city officials "  irresponsible " for not posting "  no diving " signs along river City statutes forbid anyone jumping into or swimming in the San Antonio River There is only four feet of water in the river , which Steve-O says he did n't know about Steve-O , the star of the TV show "  Jackass , " is known for his crazy stunts
Momentum appears to be building for a breakthrough deal on Iran 's nuclear program , with top diplomats flocking to the site of ongoing talks . Hours after a Western official said a deal could be reached "  as soon as tonight , " discussions ended Friday night , a senior U.S. State Department said . They are set to resume Saturday morning . By that point , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and British Foreign Secretary William Hague should both be in Geneva . They 'll have company in the form of French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , who headed to the Swiss city Friday night according to an European Union diplomatic source , and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi , according to his ministry 's website . They all join Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov as well as EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , who have been the key players in the latest round of discussions . Together , these diplomats represent all five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany -- together known as the P5 +1 -- which has been negotiating with Iran about their nuclear program . The hastily rearranged plans indicate that these Geneva talks are continuing past their scheduled conclusion Friday , though the hopes clearly go beyond just talking . After talking to Ashton and the U.S. negotiating team , Kerry "  made the decision to travel here with the hope that an agreement will be reached , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . The Western powers have been working toward an agreement to roll back Iran 's suspected march toward a nuclear weapon . On the other side , Tehran has been looking for loosening of the economic sanctions that are strangling its economy . Zarif said Friday there is wide agreement except for a couple of points , the semi-official Iranian Students News Agency reported . "  It should become clear today if we want to reach to a conclusion in the ongoing round of talks or further negotiation events are needed , " Zarif said , according to ISNA . "  Numerically speaking , perhaps 90 % of progress has been made , but there  are  one or two issues which are of great significance . " A major sticking point to an agreement has been Iran 's right to enrich uranium , officials involved in the discussions said . Iran wants the explicit right to do so to be part of the deal -- which would likely extend six months and ideally be a precursor to a more sweeping pact -- diplomats told CNN . Western powers , on the other hand , prefer ambiguity on this matter : They do n't want that point written into the agreement , but if Iran states its right to enrich uranium , the West wo n't dispute it , the diplomats said . Talks in context The latest round of talks comes as a change of leadership in Iran has changed that country 's priorities . President Hassan Rouhani , who was elected earlier this year , has made lifting tough economic sanctions against his country a priority . During a visit to the U.N. General Assembly in September , Rouhani 's moderate diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw in relations with Tehran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Despite the sanctions against it , Iran today has 19,000 centrifuges and is building more advanced ones , according to Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . At the same time , the sanctions have crippled Iran 's economy . Most world powers believe Iran is realistically at least a year away from building a nuclear weapon , Hibbs said . Iran insists it seeks to use nuclear power only for peaceful purposes . The international community led by Israel , the United States , France and others demands that Tehran dismantle its ability to enrich uranium and other technology needed to develop nuclear weapons . Iran recently signed a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency that agrees to give the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency access to long-unseen nuclear sites , including a heavy-water reactor in Arak . Controversial approach Rouhani 's new approach has helped bring the parties back to the table , but any deal will have its critics . Israel , the United States ' closest ally in the region , staunchly opposes the tentative plan . "  It 's a bad deal -- an exceedingly bad deal , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN this week . Netanyahu opposes lifting some sanctions now without getting further concessions to ensure Iran would be unable to continue with uranium enrichment and other steps . Some U.S. lawmakers are n't sold on the new plan . On Tuesday , a bipartisan group of six senators urged the administration to reject the proposed deal with Iran and accept only an agreement that better dismantles Iran 's ability to develop nuclear weapons . But President Barack Obama said the current sanctions put in place during his administration had forced Iran to the negotiating table because of economic contraction and frozen oil revenue . He said the proposed deal would "  open up the spigot a little bit " on some of the frozen revenue while leaving in place the bulk of the most effective sanctions involving Iranian oil exports and banking . But Obama also stressed that all options , including military strikes on Iran 's nuclear facilities , remained on the table as far as the United States was concerned . U.S. national security adviser Susan Rice said the plan would benefit the global community . "  The international community would have unprecedented access to Iran 's nuclear facilities and full transparency into what they 're doing , so they would n't have the ability to sneak out or break out , " Rice said .	Official : Talks end for the night , will resume Saturday morning Chinese , French , UK , US , Russian , Iran foreign ministers head to Geneva Spokeswoman : Kerry going there "  with the hope that an agreement will be reached " There had been a disagreement over Iran 's right to enrich uranium
CNN  -- What was a somber mood following convicted cop killer Troy Davis ' execution Wednesday night turned to disgust and outrage by morning . Casey Anthony was a trending topic Thursday because so many people had taken to Twitter to express their dismay over Anthony being deemed innocent in the death of her daughter while Davis is executed . "  Casey Anthony is offered a book deal , Troy Davis is only offered his last meal . Wake up America , our justice system is screwed , " came a tweet from the handle JamesKlynn . Another , from TRizzleComedy , read , "  If the Troy Davis situation has taught us anything today , its that Casey Anthony should 've been black . " A jury found Anthony not guilty of murder in July , whereas a jury and several judges on appeal have determined that Davis killed Savannah , Georgia , police officer Mark MacPhail in 1989 . Spencer Lawton , Davis ' prosecutor , has said the case withstood every legal challenge but could n't win the battle of public opinion . Race has been a major factor in people 's perception of the case , with many claiming Davis was railroaded because he was black . It also has raised questions about the fairness of the death penalty and whether it is more often applied to African-Americans than whites . While assertions that the U.S. executes more blacks than whites are incorrect -- the country has executed 263 more white people than black people since the death penalty 's 1976 reinstatement -- inequalities exist when a murder is interracial . According to the Death Penalty Information Center , 15 white defendants have been executed for the murder of black victims , but 246 African-Americans have been executed for killing whites . It 's just one of many factors that have Davis supporters and death penalty opponents -- often one and the same -- demanding that capital punishment be re-examined in this country . Former President Jimmy Carter , who along with Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Pope Benedict XVI was among the most influential voices calling for clemency , said as much in his statement after Davis ' lethal injection . "  If one of our fellow citizens can be executed with so much doubt surrounding his guilt , then the death penalty system in our country is unjust and outdated . We hope this tragedy will spur us as a nation toward the total rejection of capital punishment , " Carter wrote . Certainly , the death penalty is an issue for which American support has flagged and spiked in the decades since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstituted it , but Americans have largely supported it since the 1930s , according to Gallup . The only exception , according to the polling agency , is 1966 , when 47 % of Americans said they opposed it , compared with 42 % who backed it . Since the country began performing executions again , critics have been heavily outnumbered , with opposition never topping 32 % , Gallup says . Support jumped to 80 % -- compared with 16 % against -- in 1994 , and a poll last year showed a 64-29 split , with 6 % expressing no opinion , Gallup reported . Some of those who favor executions as a criminal deterrent flocked to CNN to post their thoughts on Davis ' death . "  Justice served , " wrote dplandy , while SuperSlim32 wrote , "  But he was a good guy when he was n't pistol whipping people or shooting them in the face . " The latter is a reference to a jury also finding Davis guilty of two aggravated assault charges : that he shot a man outside a pool party in Savannah before striking a homeless man with his pistol . It was the pistol-whipping that prompted MacPhail to respond to the Burger King parking lot where he was killed . Some CNN commenters defended the police work and prosecution that led to Davis ' conviction and execution . One , fitat50 , even said , "  The reason some people care about him is because they are sheep . " Added DTiger901 , "  How about you just read the facts concerning the case ... like that there were 34 witnesses against him . . some of whom knew him before the cold blooded murder then identified him . Oh wait , you would never take the time to read the case you just want to jump on the ` he 's innocent bandwagon . ' " But some death penalty supporters , like commenter marciavolk , said there was too much doubt to administer the ultimate punishment . The commenter further said that the death penalty is "  administered arbitrarily " and that the "  long-standing discrimination against minorities in the south  yeah it 's still there  " played a role in the decision to execute Davis . "  We will never know if Troy Davis was or was not guilty of the crimes he was charged with and that alone should have prevented him from being executed , " marciavolk wrote . Another commenter , jangar , took issue with the evidence in the case , which has been in question since seven of nine witnesses recanted or changed their original testimony from the 1991 trial . As Amnesty International and others have pointed out , Davis ' supporters also have problems with the lack of physical evidence and the investigation 's failure to produce the .38 - caliber pistol used in the slaying . "  As we have seen over the years eye-witness testimony a lot of times is unreliable , " jangar wrote . "  People say they saw something , convince themselves they really did see something , and then determine they could have been mistaken ; but with physical evidence -- gun , body , video tape -- the evidence is there in front of you and can be tested for DNA . " The divergence of sentiments regarding Davis ' death was apparent around the globe . While right-wing legal analyst and author Ann Coulter wrote a Thursday article headlined "  Cop Killer is Media 's Latest Baby Seal , " the NAACP slammed the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles ' refusal to intervene . "  There is too much doubt to proceed with an execution . No amount of deliberation will change the fact that the case against Mr. Davis has too many holes , " President Ben Jealous wrote . The European Union , the French Foreign Ministry and Germany 's junior minister for human rights joined Jealous in denouncing the execution , with the EU saying that America must abolish capital punishment "  to protect human dignity . " In the U.S. , protests were not limited to Jackson , Georgia , where the state has been electrocuting or lethally injecting death row inmates since 1983 . In Washington , more than a dozen people were arrested outside the White House during a protest organized by Howard University . Matt Tapie , 32 , a CNN iReporter from Alexandria , Virginia , and doctorate candidate at Catholic University , said he joined the demonstrators there . He was busy writing his dissertation Wednesday but said he knew he had to participate . He said he was appalled by the final outcome . "  We can see how much further we have to go in a country where we have an African-American president ... but an African-American in Georgia can be executed , " he said . In Chicago , David Manning , 31 , who had not been following the case , was taking photographs in the city when he ran across forlorn protesters in "  I Am Troy Davis " T-shirts leaving a protest in Daley Plaza after the execution . "  What struck me was the looks on their faces as they walked away , " the iReporter said . "  They looked very frustrated and down . "	Many claim race played a major role in decision to refuse clemency for Troy Davis Former President Jimmy Carter hopes execution prompts rejection of death penalty Ann Coulter writes article headlined , "  Cop Killer is Media 's Latest Baby Seal " European nations call on U.S. to abolish capital punishment "  to protect human dignity "
CNN  -- Jimmy Ruffin , silky-voiced singer of the Motown classic "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " died Monday in Las Vegas . He was 78 . The Mississippi-born Ruffin had a performing career that spanned 50 years , from the '60s heyday of Motown Records to the digital music era . He was an older brother of David Ruffin , a lead singer of the Temptations , who died in 1991 . His death was confirmed by his children , Philicia Ruffin and Jimmy Lee Ruffin Jr. , in a statement Wednesday . The family did not offer a cause of death . "  Jimmy Ruffin was a phenomenal singer , " said Motown founder Berry Gordy in a statement issued by the Universal Music Group , which now owns the famous Detroit-born label . Gordy described "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted " as "  one of the greatest songs put out by Motown and also one of my personal favorites . " Share your tributes to Jimmy Ruffin "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " about a lonely guy reeling from a lost love , was intended for the Spinners until Ruffin talked its writers into letting him record it on his own . Its tone of mournful yearning struck a chord , and the song became a top 10 hit in the United States and in the United Kingdom in 1966 . It begins : "  As I walk this land of broken dreams , I have visions of many things/But happiness is just an illusion/Filled with sadness and confusion/What becomes of the brokenhearted/Who have love that 's now departed/I know I 've got to find/Some kind of peace of mind/Maybe . " Ruffin had a handful of lesser hits in the late '60s , including "  I 've Passed This Way Before " and "  Gon na Give Her All the Love I 've Got . " He later left the Motown label , had several hits in England , and scored a comeback in 1980 with the disco-inflected "  Hold on to My Love , " produced by Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees . "  He  Ruffin  was a wonderful human being , quiet and unassuming , who touched many lives with his music , not just here in the States , but overseas , as well , " Gordy added . "  Jimmy Ruffin will always be a part of the Motown legacy , and I extend my sincere condolences to his family , friends and fans . " Ruffin 's family described themselves as "  extremely upset " over his death . "  He will truly be missed , " Philicia Ruffin said . "  We will treasure the many fond and wonderful memories we all have of him . We appreciate all of the love and prayers from our family , friends , his colleagues and his adoring fans . " People we 've lost in 2014	Motown crooner Jimmy Ruffin is dead at age 78 Singer is best known for hit , "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted " Ruffin , brother of Temptations singer David Ruffin , died Monday in Las Vegas
New York  CNN  -- Rapper Ja Rule will face two years in prison after pleading guilty to attempted criminal possession of a weapon on Monday , according to a Manhattan District Attorney statement . The 34-year-old hip-hop star , whose real name is Jeff Atkins , faced a single second-degree weapons charge after police found a loaded semi-automatic firearm -- with the serial number scratched off -- hidden in the backseat of his luxury Maybach sedan , the statement said . The incident occurred on New York 's Upper West Side in July 2007 , it said . Atkins , who was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001 , will be registered as a gun offender , according to the statement . "  Despite having some of the strongest anti-gun laws in the nation , gun violence continues to plague this city , " District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said . "  Gun crimes are serious offenses , and today 's guilty plea should send a serious message to anyone thinking of illegally bringing a gun into New York City . " Atkins ' attorney , Stacey Richman , called the deliberations "  unreasonable " after the rapper "  stepped up and took responsibility " for the violation . Monday 's ruling comes less than a week after a months-long police sting led to the arrest of a 20-year-old accused of dealing cocaine and guns ; he was charged with selling 25 illegal firearms to an undercover detective , prosecutors said . Shootings , and homicides by way of shootings , increased slightly in Manhattan this year , while nearly a quarter of the 240 defendants indicted on gun possession charges in 2010 were identified as 18 years old or younger , according to the district attorney 's office . "  These are kids that should be headed to school , not a prison cell or an early grave , " Vance said . "  So we have a full-court press on those who possess loaded firearms in Manhattan , or who those sell loaded firearms . "	Ja Rule will face two years in prison after pleading guilty to gun charges 34-year-old faced one second-degree weapons charge Former Grammy nominee will be registered as a gun offender
Washington  CNN  -- Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Senate Intelligence Committee , as well as those in the equivalent House committees , will be allowed to view the photographs taken of Osama bin Laden after he was killed , a U.S. official told CNN Tuesday . The viewings will take place at CIA headquarters in northern Virginia at a time to be decided , the official said . U.S. to have access to bin Laden 's wives U.S. Navy SEALs killed the al Qaeda leader last week in an attack on his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , confirmed that the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Senate Armed Services Committee would be give the opportunity . Asked whether she planned to avail herself of it , she told CNN , "  I actually have n't thought much about it , but I likely will . " Advisory : Beware "  lone wolves " Feinstein is chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . President Barack Obama decided on Wednesday that he would not release photos of the body . "  It is not in our national security interest ... to allow these images to become icons to rally opinion against the United States , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters at the time . "  We have no need to publish those photographs to establish that Osama bin Laden was killed . "	Members of House and Senate intelligence committees will be able to view the photos Viewings will take place at CIA headquarters ; timing is not yet determined President wo n't release to public : "  It is not in our national security interest "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi 's forces Thursday pounded the strategic port of Misrata , his sole daughter defied the coalition and the three leaders of that alliance declared the Libyan leader "  must go and go for good . " To the west , in Tripoli , antiaircraft fire followed several thunderous explosions , and Libyan state television reported civilian casualties from NATO airstrikes . The attacks came as the alliance chief asked for more precision fighter jets in order to avoid civilian deaths . At a NATO summit in Berlin , Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters that NATO has the necessary assets to continue aerial strikes , but the tactical nature of the fight has changed . "  Now they hide their heavy arms in populated areas , where before many targets were easier to get to , " Rasmussen said . "  To avoid civilian casualties , we need very sophisticated equipment . So , we need a few more precision fighter ground-attack aircraft for air-to-ground missions . " With the conflict at a deadly impasse , Britain and France have been pressuring NATO to step up airstrikes . In a joint op-ed that will appear Friday in three European newspapers , U.S. President Barack Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron wrote about their vision of Libya 's "  pathway to peace . " "  We are convinced that better times lie ahead for the people of LIbya , " they wrote . They likened the fighting in Misrata to a "  medieval siege . " The White House released text of the opinion piece , which called on the Libyan troops to return to their barracks . "  Our duty and our mandate under U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973 is to protect civilians , and we are doing that . It is not to remove  Gadhafi  by force . But it is impossible to imagine a future for Libya with  Gadhafi  in power , " the three wrote . "  The International Criminal Court is rightly investigating the crimes committed against civilians and the grievous violations of international law . It is unthinkable that someone who has tried to massacre his own people can play a part in their future government . " Gadhafi 's daughter , Ayesha , speaking to a cheering crowd in Tripoli , said the United States tried to kill her and other children in 1986 . "  In 1911 , Italy attacked my country and killed my  great -  grandfather , " she said . "  Now in 2011 , they 're trying to kill my father . " "  My father once said that ` if the Libyan nation does n't want me , then I do n't deserve to live , ' " Ayesha Gadhafi said . "  The Libyans answered him in a united voice : ` Those who do n't want you do n't deserve to live ! ' " Ayesha Gadhafi also said rebel forces were being wrongly portrayed . "  Who are those civilians that you 're trying to protect while killing us ? Are they those who hold RPGs and other weapons ? " The emir of Qatar , meanwhile , told CNN "  it 's possible " weapons provided by his state have reached Libyan rebels in the past two days . Hamad bin Khalifa told "  The Situation Room " that the opposition first must be trained in use of the weapons . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim accused Qatar late Wednesday of providing rebels in eastern Libya with anti-tank warheads , but he did not say when . A week ago , a CNN team in eastern Libya saw the rebels with anti-tank missiles , which they did n't have before . Rebels near Ajdabiya were beginning to show signs of discipline and have received new equipment , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported . Despite the enhanced organization , they were not ready to take the offensive . In Misrata , at least 23 people were killed and more than 100 were wounded in the dawn attack at the port and a nearby residential area , said the director of one of the four clinics open in the city . He said at least 700 people have died since the violence erupted in Misrata in February The attacks Thursday destroyed a cement factory and cargo containers at the Misrata port , where a medical aid ship was expected to dock , residents said . "  If people do not die here from shelling , they will die from starving since Gadhafi is preventing aid from arriving to the port , " said Mohammed , a medical assistant . He said the shelled port had reopened and did not sustain major damage . Misrata residents interviewed by CNN did not want to be identified because of security reasons . CNN could not independently verify the reports but the International Organization for Migration said it chartered an 800-person-capacity boat to evacuate at least 6,000 stranded migrant workers in Misrata , many of whom have been living in warehouses with little food and a lot of fear . The organization said the boat was carrying hundreds of tons of medical aid to Misrata and was en route to the port . "  From reports on the ground , this rescue mission can not come soon enough , " an IOM worker on the boat said in a news release . "  It is going to be heartbreaking not being able to take everyone out at once . " Misrata has been under siege for weeks . Reports of civilian casualties streamed in Tuesday and Wednesday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that in addition to Misrata , the situation also is particularly grave in the cities of Zintan and al-Brega because of critical food and water shortages . Rebels have pushed back the battle lines in the east from the war-weary city of Ajdabiya toward al-Brega . "  We are also deeply concerned with the fate of third-country nationals who are trapped in the areas of fighting , " Ban said at an Arab League meeting on Libya in Cairo . "  As the fighting rages , the situation will only get worse and the more distant a political solution . " International delegates attending a meeting on Libya Thursday in Qatar again urged Gadhafi to step down immediately . But the Libyan strongman has shown no signs of backing down . State-run television aired video Thursday of Gadhafi hanging out of the sunroof of a sport utility vehicle and waving to other cars and people on the streets . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Ben Wedeman and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels show more discipline , cohesion in Ajdabiya U.S. , French and UK leaders write op-ed piece Gadhafi 's daughter rallies supporters Emir says "  it 's possible " rebels have received Qatari weapons
CNN  -- When former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner admitted two years ago to sending explicit messages and photos to women online , his wife was notably absent , letting Weiner make his public mea culpa alone . But on Tuesday , Huma Abedin was front and center as Weiner confessed to having further explicit exchanges , even after the first scandal forced his resignation from Congress . Abedin , 36 , is no stranger to politics . She has worked for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for years and accompanied her husband on the campaign trail in his current bid for New York City mayor . She had her first news conference on Tuesday , however , and she admitted to being nervous -- but it was her moment to defend her husband of three years and describe her struggle to forgive him . Soul-searching Weiner seeks forgiveness "  It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to a place where I could forgive Anthony , " Abedin said . "  It was not an easy choice in any way , but I made the decision that it was worth staying in this marriage . " Weiner admitted in June 2011 that he had sent sexually explicit messages and photos to women online . He apologized for initially claiming they were n't his and said he was seeking treatment , and he resigned from the U.S. House two weeks later . The couple had a baby boy in December of that year . On Tuesday , a gossip website published screen shots of sexual conversations that it said Weiner had had with a woman last summer , along with explicit photographs it claimed he had sent . Opinion : Why does Huma Abedin put up with Weiner ? In his afternoon news conference , Weiner admitted that some of the online exchanges and photographs were his but said some were from before his resignation and some were after . Abedin said Tuesday she knows her husband made "  horrible mistakes " both before and after his resignation from Congress . "  We discussed all of this before he decided to run for mayor , so really what I want to say is , I love him , I have forgiven him , I believe in him , and as we have said from the beginning , we are moving forward , " she said . 2011 : Stop calling Huma Abedin a victim From intern to State Department Abedin began working for Clinton as a White House intern in 1996 , eventually becoming the former first lady 's traveling chief of staff -- or "  body man " -- during her campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . When Clinton became secretary of state , Abedin served as a top aide to her . She remains a Clinton adviser . Although she is described as a very private person , Abedin 's intelligence , striking style , unusual background and ability "  to make the trains run on time " brought her attention well before her July 2010 marriage to Weiner . Vogue magazine profiled her in 2007 , an unusual distinction for a campaign aide . "  Huma Abedin has the energy of a woman in her 20s , the confidence of a woman in her 30s , the experience of a woman in her 40s and the grace of a woman in her 50s , " Clinton told Vogue . "  She is timeless , her combination of poise , kindness , and intelligence are matchless , and I am lucky to have had her on my team for a decade now . " Abedin is the daughter of college professors . Her late father , an Islamic scholar , was from India and her mother , a sociologist , was from Pakistan . She was born in Kalamazoo , Michigan , but the family moved to Saudi Arabia when she was 2 . She moved back to the United States to attend George Washington University . She told Vogue that she decided at 15 that she wanted to be an international journalist , inspired by CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Congress , lewd photos and NYC 's mayoral race : An Anthony Weiner timeline Abedin 's plans changed when the White House intern program assigned her to the first lady 's office , not the press office as she had requested . She 's not been far from Clinton since then , friends say . "  I do n't think you could say they are like mother and daughter , " actress Mary Steenburgen and longtime friend of the Clintons told Vogue in 2007 . "  It 's more like an older sister-younger sister relationship , but it 's definitely familial . " Her efficiency , language abilities , attention to detail and remarkable ability to pack for long trips -- noted by the Vogue reporter -- make her invaluable to the globe-trotting Clinton . "  Huma does make the trains run on time , " Clinton lawyer Bob Barnett told Vogue . The Vogue story hinted in 2007 that she had dated actor John Cusack and cyclist Lance Armstrong . Abedin was introduced to Weiner during the 2008 congressional campaign . Former President Bill Clinton officiated at their wedding . Their marriage drew extra attention because Abedin is Muslim and Weiner is Jewish . Weiner rose through New York City politics as a young man unafraid of a fight and eager for media attention . Abedin , in contrast , is known for her diplomacy and privacy . Read more : Weiner 's wife : I forgive him In her own words As Weiner 's latest scandal unfolded , Harper 's Bazaar published excerpts of an article Abedin wrote for the magazine . "  Three years ago I was a single workaholic , traveling the globe with an amazing job at the U.S. State Department . I could not have imagined how much my life would change in three short years , " Abedin wrote for the magazine 's September issue . "  Today I 'm married , with a feisty 20-month-old son , a full-time job , and a husband running for mayor of New York . " Abedin said she has long kept her personal life private , and no one is more surprised than she is to see herself out on the campaign trail . "  So why am I doing this ? Because Anthony has always been a smart , caring , and dedicated person , and while he 's the same public servant who wants what 's best for the people he represents , he is now something else -- a better man , " Abedin wrote . "  New Yorkers will have to decide for themselves whether or not to give him a second chance . I had to make that same decision for myself , for my son , for our family . And I know in my heart that I made the right one . " Has the road to political redemption gotten shorter ?	Huma Abedin was notably absent when Anthony Weiner admitted to 2011 scandal She is now at her husband 's side amid the latest sex chat revelations Abedin , 36 , says it 's been a struggle , but she forgives him She has worked with Hillary Clinton since 1996 and was a top State Department aide
CNN  -- It 's been called "  something Smurfs would play on , " labeled a danger to players and derided over a lack of consultation . Madrid 's new blue clay courts have been the talk of the tennis world for all the wrong reasons . But is the furore justified ? After all , is n't this the same surface -- just a different color ? It 's the nature of sports stars to be hyper-sensitive about their office environment . As one British journalist argued , a malfunctioning computer can waste your morning 's work , but a ridge in a tennis court might spell the end of a career . The sport has undergone some of its most dramatic modernizations in the last two decades . Let 's not forget the uproar when Hawk-Eye , the electronic ball tracking system , was introduced in the 1990s . But if the controversy over the last few weeks has revealed anything about tennis , it 's that this is a game where tradition still looms large . Ion Tiriac 's baby The man behind the blue revolution is Romanian billionaire Ion Tiriac . The former French Open doubles winner and manager to Boris Becker has had a blue bee in his bonnet for a while . He pioneered the first blue hard courts at his indoor event in Stuttgart -- a lead followed by the Australian and U.S. Opens . Tiriac argues the color increases the visibility of the yellow ball and points to scientific tests proving the contrast is at least 15 % better on blue than red . The fact it 's also the color of Madrid 's major sponsor , Spanish insurance giant Mutua Madrilena , has not been lost on his critics . A court by any other name But really , it 's just a color right ? According to Tiriac the blue clay court is made exactly the same way as the red , with bricks ground into tiny fragments and spread over the ground in two different layers . However , in Madrid these bricks are stripped of their iron oxide  the chemical that provides the original color  and then treated with dye . Tiriac acknowledges the cost is almost double that of the red clay , but says the extra expense is worth it . He admits that improving the experience for television viewers watching his $ 10.6 million tournament was a major factor in the switch . Players see red So what 's all the fuss about ? World No. 2 Rafael Nadal 's shock exit in the third round on Thursday has only added fire to players ' complaints that the new surface is too slippery . The "  King of Clay " -- Nadal has won six of his last seven appearances at the French Open -- was beaten in a three-hour epic by fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco . It ended a 22-match winning streak on clay for Nadal that stretched back to 2011 , and was his first defeat in 14 meetings with Verdasco . "  I never was in control of the match , I did n't know how to win a point , " Nadal told reporters , before suggesting he will not show up next year unless the controversial blue clay surface is changed . But even before his huge upset , the 25-year-old was critical of the new surface , tweeting : "  The history of clay court was on red . It was n't on blue . Only one person wins -- the owner of the tournament . " A slippery slope ? World No. 1 Novak Djokovic also threatened not to step on Madrid 's blue clay again after he lost to Janko Tipsarevic . The Serbian beat Nadal in last year 's final , held on red clay , and he expressed his unhappiness with the new surface even after beating Spanish qualifier Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 in his opening match on Tuesday . "  Today I played my first official match on blue clay and I have to admit I was not very happy . Next time I have to bring skates instead of shoes , it was sooo slippery , " the 24-year-old said on Facebook . Likewise , Ukrainian player Sergiy Stakhovsky tweeted : "  After playing a match on blueclay court 6 I can say with full responsibility on my shoulders that it is the worst court of @ATPWorldTour . " In the women 's draw , world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka also complained about the slide , telling reporters : "  The surface is a bit slippery , but it 's the same for all of us . " It 's not just the texture of the surface raising eyebrows -- on the most basic level it just looks different . "  Ha ! Blue clay . . It looks like something Smurfs would play on , " tweeted player Ivo Karlovic , in what has become a catchphrase of the tournament . But it 's not all blue . American star Serena Williams did n't see what all the fuss was about . "  I have n't noticed a difference between the blue and the red clay . I think it 's the same , it 's just you do n't get as dirty , " she tweeted . Technically speaking According to experts the lack of traction has nothing to do with the color but the implementation of the clay -- which has been playing much faster than usually expected on such a surface . Alistair McCaw , a performance specialist to tennis stars including Jelena Dokic , has been watching the action close-up in Madrid . "  The problem is not the fact that the color is blue , even though the change from the traditional brown is quite a shock . Let 's not forget the Australian Open changing court color from the green to that bright blue ! The players had a lot to say about that too , " he said on his Facebook page . "  It 's that the amount of clay covering the surface is lesser than normal . If you dig your foot into the surface and remove some of the clay , you will notice that the underlying surface is a hard rubber-like mat . When water is sprayed on the surface , it become slippery . This , in my opinion , is what 's causing the main problems . " Former world No. 3 Ivan Ljubicic tested the blue clay at Madrid last year and admitted it did "  look a bit slippery . " But the Croatian , who retired last month , did n't believe it was a safety issue . Part of being a pro tennis player is adapting to different surfaces , he said . And besides , the biggest challenge at Madrid is n't the clay -- it 's the altitude . Balls fly faster through thinner air and Madrid is 650 meters above sea level . "  I would say that grass courts and even the hard courts are a lot more dangerous than clay -- any clay , " Ljubicic told CNN . "  Regarding adaptation , tennis players face different surfaces on a weekly basis , every clay court is a bit different . I would say that the altitude in Madrid creates bigger problems to players than the color of the court . " Eyes on the prize ... no , the other prize The issue is n't just about Madrid , of course . The tournament is seen as an important buildup to the real clay-court crown -- the French Open . Players have argued it 's difficult enough adjusting to the conditions in Madrid , without then having to change their game at Roland Garros at the end of the month . Perhaps most galling for the top players is that they were never consulted over the controversial changes . "  Players should be agreeing to the change -- there should be some value in what they say , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I 'm not blaming the tournament , it is fighting for its own interests . But the ATP should have done a better job on player rights in protecting what the players want . " Ljubicic added that even when players did raise objections , they were ignored . "  Players were asked at the council meeting if they would support the idea of having blue clay courts . They clearly refused the idea -- only to see that the decision was made anyhow that the surface will be blue , " he said . The ATP has granted permission for a one-year trial of the tournament , and says it 'll be taking into account players ' feedback . Judging by the response so far , Tiriac will have a battle on his hands to keep blue in 2013 .	Madrid 's new blue clay courts have caused an uproar in the tennis world The brainchild of billionaire Ion Tiriac , it was hoped the color would attract TV audiences Players complain about slippery surface , with Nadal 's shock exit adding fire to flame After one-year trial , will ATP approve blue clay in 2013 ?
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chen Xiao had pretty much given up making her own decisions and so decided to throw open her life to the whims of China 's hundreds of millions of Internet users , known in China as netizens . Beijing resident Chen Xiao decided to put her life up for sale after an unhappy 2008 . "  It 's your right to arrange Chen Xiao 's life , and it 's my obligation to serve you , " read her online shop . Since December , Chen has been allowing others to decide what she will do each day , because , for the most part , last year was awful , she said . Her hometown was hit by blizzards , her country rocked by a devastating earthquake , friends divorced and her clothing shop went bankrupt . "  Every time I had a plan for what I wanted my life to be like , nothing would come of it . It was very disappointing . I figured if other people came up with things for me to do , I might stumble upon something new and better , " she told CNN . What she stumbled upon was not only a new life but a new way to make a living . She charges about $ 3 an hour , and she 's been asked to do almost everything from delivering pet food to caring for stray cats to taking a hot lunch to a homeless man . What surprised her the most was not so much the varied requests but being able to find happiness in the process . "  If somebody asks you to do something , something simple , and you do it , it can make you very happy . You can change from a gloomy person to a very bright one . It can help give you a new sense of self-esteem , " she said . So far , the most meaningful assignment she was given was attending a child 's birth -- the father was a complete stranger who just wanted someone to take pictures and share the moment . There are limits to what she will agree to do . She will not do anything illegal , immoral or violent , but she said that has not stopped some from asking . "  When I first started there was this man who would send me these really disgusting text messages . His words were over the top ... nauseating , " she said . There was also a man who wanted to meet her for a few private hours at a ski chalet . When she turned up with a friend to take photographs , he backed out and then demanded a refund , but Chen refused . In many ways she is just a glorified errand girl , but with a unique China twist . Chen is another example here of how in China the Internet is crossing over from cyberspace to the real world . Chen does not know how much longer she will keep taking cyberrequests . For now it is a good way to survive the financial crisis when many others are losing their jobs and businesses are going broke . "  When people stop needing me , I 'll go back to my original life . But I do n't know what will come , " she said . China 's netizens will most likely make that decision for her as well .	26-year-old Chen Xiao put her life online , asking people to fill it with tasks Decision came when she discovered she did n't know what to do with her life Charging $ 3 per hour , Chen has attended births , met strangers among other tasks Chen will not do anything illegal , immoral or violent
CNN  -- A number of sectarian attacks occurred Saturday in Iraq , killing dozens and wounding many more . In northeastern Baghdad , 20 people were killed and 55 others were wounded in a suicide attack that targeted Shiite pilgrims , police said . The bomber , wearing an explosive vest , detonated among Shiite pilgrims near the al-Amma bridge in the Sunni al-Adhamiya neighborhood . The victims were among thousands of Shiite pilgrims heading to the al-Kadhimiya neighborhood of northwestern Baghdad to commemorate the death of Mohammed al-Jawad , the ninth of the 12 imams in Shiism . In a separate incident in the town of Balad in the north , at least 12 people were killed and 32 others were wounded when a car bomb exploded Saturday evening outside a coffee shop , police said . The town , which is predominantly Shiite , is located in Salaheddin province some 56 miles  90 km  north of Baghdad and has been the site of previous violence . In August 2012 , at least 12 people were killed and 45 others were wounded when a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest blew himself up inside a coffee shop , police said then . It was not clear whether Saturday 's attack occurred at the same coffee shop . In the al-Baya neighborhood of southwestern Baghdad , a makeshift bomb exploded Saturday evening inside a coffee shop , killing two people and wounding 10 others , Baghdad police told CNN . The area is largely Shia . On Saturday morning , gunmen fatally shot a television reporter and a cameraman who were working for al-Sharqiya , a private , pro-Sunni television station that is often critical of the Shiite-led government . The incident occurred in central Mosul in northern Iraq , police said . Also Saturday , at least two Iraqi security forces were killed and three others were wounded when gunmen attacked a security checkpoint south of Falluja , a predominantly Sunni city about 60 km  38 miles  west of Baghdad in Anbar province , police in Ramadi told CNN .	A suicide bomber targets Shiite pilgrims in northeastern Baghdad , killing 20 12 people are killed by a car bomb in Balad , which is predominantly Shiite A reporter and cameraman working for a pro-Sunni TV station are shot dead
CNN  -- When most people look at ISIS , they see the incarnation of evil . Among its many horrific acts , the Islamic militant group beheaded American journalist James Foley and posted the video this week in retaliation for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq . The Pope typically protests violence , but he implied that he supports the use of military force to combat ISIS . Even al Qaeda says ISIS is too violent . Across the political spectrum , public officials and pundits have characterized them as "  savages , " a "  cancer " and the "  face of evil . " Is ISIS evil ? The problem with that question is that the answer is as easy as it is useless . Yes , ISIS is evil and must be stopped . Saying so over and over again could very well make it harder to stop them . There is only one good reason to denounce a group as evil -- because you plan to injure them , and calling them evil makes it psychologically easier to do so . "  Evil " is the most powerful word we have to prepare ourselves to kill other people comfortably . The flip side is that "  evil " is also a word that stops us from thinking . There is no point in trying to understand evil because it is , in the most typical phrasing , "  inhuman , " "  senseless " or "  beyond comprehension . " It is a fool 's quest to analyze the local realities and strategic imperatives of unthinking savages . There is something almost offensive about trying to understand such evil . National Review 's Jonah Goldberg tried to shame those who are trying to think seriously about ISIS . In a recent tweet , he mocked the attempt to understand ISIS in its social and political context , suggesting that we should focus instead on one fact : "  They 're evil . They do obviously evil things for evil ends . " The fact is , there are few things more dangerous now than allowing ourselves to think that way . To resist ISIS and , perhaps more importantly , the larger social forces it represents , the U.S. will need more than a collective psychological readiness to injure , and more than bombs . The Wall Street Journal editorialized that this evil ideology will only be stopped when "  enough of its fanatics have been killed . " But if we 've learned anything as a nation since our "  shock and awe " campaign in Iraq , it is this : While invasions and bombing can be effective in the short term , they are not durable solutions to terror-based violence . Even if U.S. military force could effectively destroy ISIS , there will be similar groups waiting in the wings . If we are to have any hope of preventing the spread of extremist ideologies , we must do more than bomb the believers . We must understand them . We must be willing to continue thinking . How is ISIS able to achieve the support it needs ? What drives people into its ranks ? What social pressures and needs , what political and regional vacuums , make it possible for a group like this to thrive ? We can choose to answer these questions in two ways . We can say they are evil people doing evil things for evil ends . Or we can do the hard work of understanding the context that made them , so that we can create a context that unmakes them . We can analyze the ways its violent tactics are effective for its purposes given the local power dynamics , so that we can also better understand its weak spots . And we can ask how it is that normal men -- men who were not born evil -- get turned into monsters , so that we can work to change the structures that produce terrorists over the long term instead of locking ourselves into an endlessly repeated , short-term policy of "  killing fanatics " until they are gone . Trying to understand something is n't the same as trying to justify or excuse it . That 's a basic mistake , and a costly one . As Jane Harman , president of the Woodrow International Center for Scholars , recently wrote : "  We ca n't counter radical narratives if we do n't understand the motives of the radicalized . " Nonetheless , trying to understand evil is an offense . It is an offense to everything we hold dear , because understanding -- that is , true and effective understanding -- must bring us close to the other , must help us see the world through their eyes . That is a painful , offensive process , and that is exactly what we must do .	James Dawes : Evil is the strongest word we have to prepare ourselves to kill others Dawes : But the flip side is that it 's also a word that stops us from thinking He says even if we can destroy ISIS , there will be other groups waiting in the wings Dawes : If we want to prevent spread of extremism , we must understand the people
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey , " published by Weinstein books . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Larry , left , at age 10 with his younger brother , Marty , shortly after their father died . I was walking home from the library carrying nine books . That 's the way my memory sees it . I ca n't know for sure if it was exactly nine books . Maybe I picture nine books because I was nine years old . I 'm certain that I was nine years old , because I 'm sure of the date -- June 9 , 1943 . There were a lot of books under my arm on that summer day because I loved books . I wonder what happened to those nine books ... There were three squad cars in front of my apartment building . Flivvers , we called them . I do n't remember exactly when I started to hear my mother 's screams . But as I hurried up the steps , a cop quickly came down , straight for me . He picked me up and the books went flying . Watch Larry on his "  Remarkable journey " " I 'm not sure if I knew the cop . But I may have . For years , before the war started and my father went to work in the defense plant , he 'd owned a little neighborhood bar and grill . He was friendly with all the cops . The cops loved my father the way they loved any bar owner who had a great sense of humor . I remember having my own police costume when I was very young . A badge and a little nightstick came with it . I 'd make like I was walking the beat . The cop put me in the squad car . He told me that my father had died . Heart attack . I did n't cry . I remember that . I did n't cry . I was more befuddled than anything else . It must have been difficult for the cop . He started the car and drove . We wound through the streets of Brownsville and ended up at a movie theater . I 'll never forget the movie , Bataan , starring Robert Taylor as Sergeant Bill Dane . It was about a bunch of American soldiers trying to stave off the Japanese invasion of the Philippines . Larry King 's life in pictures " Sergeant Dane and his patrol are ordered to blow up a bridge to stop the advancing enemy . They 're cut down one by one until only Sergeant Dane and two others remain . The first is killed by a sniper . The second is stabbed by a Japanese soldier who 'd been playing dead . The movie ends with Sergeant Dane firing his machine gun straight into the camera at the Japanese soldiers coming at him in one last act of courage and defiance . I do n't remember what it was like when I got home that day . A lot about that day I 've blocked out . My younger brother Marty has blocked it out , too . He was only six at the time . But there are a few more memories attached . I did n't go to the funeral . I 'd been so close to my father -- yet I refused to go . I stayed at home . There must 've been somebody watching me , but I remember being alone . I remember bouncing a spaldeen -- the Spalding rubber ball we used to play stickball -- off the front stoop . Two other things I can tell you for sure . I never went back to that library again , and from that day on I was nervous if I saw a squad car in my neighborhood . If one parked by my apartment building , I 'd start running home , in fear that my mother had died .	Larry was 9 years old when his father died of a heart attack in 1943 Larry says he has blocked much of that day from his memory He recalls a police officer broke the news , then took him to see a movie Larry refused to attend funeral though he and his father were extremely close
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt opens the third round of voting for the lower house of Parliament on Tuesday after Islamist parties performed strongly in the previous rounds last month . The vote is the latest step in a tense and complex process meant to move Egypt toward a more representative form of government after the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak in February The ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has led Egypt 's government since Mubarak 's fall . It has said it will hand over power to a new government once one is in place . But the transition has not been quick or transparent enough for some Egyptians . A series of protests in Cairo last month resulted in violent and sometimes deadly clashes between demonstrators and the country 's armed forces . The unrest appeared to have largely stemmed from a stretch of assaults by police and defiant protests by demonstrators demanding that Egypt 's ruling military cede power to a civilian government . The authorities have also cracked down on rights groups . The police last month conducted raids on nongovernmental organizations across the country , including U.S. groups that promote democratic institutions and had delegations observing the parliamentary elections . Egyptian authorities agreed to halt the raids and return all equipment and documents seized after protests from Washington , which provides more than $ 1 billion per year in military aid to Egypt . And international election observers are continuing their operations . The former U.S. president Jimmy Carter will visit Egypt next week to participate in the witnessing of the elections , the Carter Center said in a statement Monday . He will join a delegation of 40 witnesses from 21 countries based in Egypt since mid-November to witness the three phases of voting , according to the center . The relatively moderate Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party last month won more than 4 million votes in the runoff for the second round of the process . The conservative Al Noor Salafi Party won more than 3 million . The secular Egyptian bloc won 785,000 . The second round of voting covered the regions of Giza , Luxor , Aswan and Ismailia regions , which have historically favored conservative Muslim candidates . More than 11 million voters participated . Islamists claimed victory in the first round of elections in other parts of the country that took place earlier in December . Final results for the lower house are expected to be announced January 12 . Meanwhile , the ruling military council brought forward the scheduled elections for the upper house of Parliament by nearly three weeks , with voting now scheduled to start in late January , the state news agency MENA reported Sunday . Balloting will be held in two stages instead of three , first on January 29-30 and then on February 14-15 , MENA said , citing a decree from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . If necessary , runoffs would be held on February 7 and 22 , with a goal of having winners seated by February 28 .	Islamist parties did well in the two previous rounds of voting The third round comes after weeks of sometimes deadly unrest in Cairo Protesters want Egypt 's ruling military to cede power to a civilian government The Egyptian authorities have also carried out raids on rights groups in the country
CNN  -- The United Kingdom has royal baby watch . Zoo Atlanta had panda baby watch . Now Washington has stinky flower watch . The enormous plant known as the corpse flower is expected to bloom and stink up the grounds at the United States Botanic Garden Conservatory sometime this week . It will be the first flowering of this titan arum  Amorphophallus titanum  , also known as the stinky plant , which has lived at the garden since 2007 . The plant does n't have an annual blooming cycle ; it can wait years or even decades between cycles . It 's expected to heat up , start smelling like dead animals and bloom overnight or in the early morning hours -- though exactly which night it will happen is not known . The heat and smell is to attract pollinator insects such as dung beetles in its natural habitat , said Ari Novy , the garden 's public programs manager . The garden does n't have any such beetles but resident flies could come calling , he said . Impala escapes cheetahs by leaping into tourists ' SUV Once the garden confirmed on Monday , July 8 , that the plant was going to bloom , staffers moved quickly to display it publicly on July 11 . A native of Sumatra , Indonesia , this particular plant is part of the garden 's collection of 14 corpse flowers . They are rarely put on display because they require a lot of heat and humidity , which is why they are grown at the garden 's production greenhouses in Southeast Washington -- rarely open to the public . Now the star of the garden , the plant is growing quickly . It was 52 inches tall when it was put on display on July 11 . By Saturday morning , it measured 62 inches high and 69 inches by Sunday night . Tuesday morning , it was 79 inches tall . Once completely open , it can stay in bloom for 24 to 48 hours , and then it will collapse quickly . The U.S. Botanic Garden last displayed a blooming titan arum in 2007 . At least seven U.S. institutions have at least one titan arum in each of its collections . The garden will have extended hours from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday . If you ca n't make it to the nation 's capital watch it open up online on the garden 's live flower cam . The National Botanic Garden of Belgium saw its oldest corpse flower bloom last week , attracting about 4,000 visitors over three days , said garden spokesman Franck Hidvegi . It previously bloomed in 2008 and 2011 . The garden has another four plants in its greenhouses , but Hidvegi said they are still too young to bloom .	A corpse flower at the U.S. Botanic Garden will bloom for the first time ever Native to the rainforests of Sumatra , Indonesia , they take years to bloom When they start blooming , they get very hot and stinky
CNN  -- An audit team sent to the Malcom Randall VA Medical Center in Gainesville , Florida , discovered a list of patients needing follow-up appointments that was kept on paper instead of in the VA 's electronic computer system . As a result , the VA 's Office of Inspector General has opened an investigation and three members of the Gainesville VA 's supervisory staff have been placed on paid leave , pending the outcome of an investigation , VA Sunshine Healthcare Network  VISN 8  spokeswoman Mary Kay Hollingsworth said Monday . The latest allegation comes as the Department of Veterans Affairs defends itself against claims of potentially deadly delays at other facilities nationwide . For six months , CNN has been reporting on delays in medical appointments suffered by veterans across the country and veterans who died or were seriously injured while waiting for appointments and care . The VA requires its hospitals to provide care to patients in a timely manner , typically within 14 to 30 days . The most disturbing and striking problems emerged in Arizona last month as inside sources revealed to CNN details of a secret waiting list for veterans at the Phoenix VA. . Charges were leveled that at least 40 American veterans died in Phoenix while waiting for care at the VA there , many of whom were placed on the secret list . But even as the Phoenix VA 's problems have riveted the nation 's attention , numerous whistle-blowers from other VA hospitals across the country have stepped forward . They described similar delays in care for veterans and also varying schemes by officials at those facilities to hide the delays -- in some cases even falsify records or efforts to "  cook the books . " The secret waiting list in Phoenix was part of an elaborate scheme designed by Veterans Affairs managers there who were trying to hide that 1,400 to 1,600 sick veterans were forced to wait months to see a doctor , according to a recently retired top VA doctor and several high-level sources who spoke exclusively to CNN . Phoenix VA officials denied any knowledge of a secret list , and said they never ordered any staff to hide waiting times . They acknowledged some veterans may have died waiting for care there , but they said they did not have knowledge about why those veterans might have died . CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki ; the secretary has refused them all . Support for Shinseki holding for now among Senate Democrats Rights group calls VA ` scapegoat ' in scandal over wait times , care Shinseki ` mad as hell ' about VA allegations , but wo n't resign CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Greg Seaby and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	3 members of the Gainesville , Florida , VA 's supervisory staff have been placed on paid leave The federal department is defending itself against claims of potentially deadly delays CNN exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in Phoenix
CNN  -- Luxembourg 's Andy Schleck dramatically revived his Tour de France hopes with a stunning victory on an epic 18th stage which finished at the summit of the imposing Col du Galibier . At 2,645 meters , it was the highest-ever stage finish on the Tour , and Leopard Trek 's Schleck certainly hit the heights with a brave solo victory . He broke clear of a group of favorites on the Col d'lzoard with 60km remaining , reeling in the fragmented remains of a breakaway , before crossing the line alone over two minutes clear of his chasers . Schleck , written off after muted performances in the Pyrenees and the first stage in the Alps , said he had decided to take his courage in his hands . "  I do n't want to finish fourth in Paris , and I said to myself ` I 'm going to risk everything , it 'll work or it 'll fail ' , " he told Eurosport . "  That 's the way I am , I 'm not afraid of losing . And if my legs were hurting out in front I knew the others would be hurting to catch me up . " But he failed by 15 seconds to take the yellow off the shoulders of French hope Thomas Voeckler , who again performed heroics to take fifth on a stage which effectively marked the end of Alberto Contador 's chances of retaining his crown . The three-time winner from Spain struggled on the upper slopes of the Galibier and now trails Voeckler by four minutes 44 seconds in seventh place . To complete a superb day for the Schlecks , Andy 's brother Frank took second on the stage to move up to third overall , one minute eight seconds down . He gained precious time on Australia 's Cadel Evans , who slipped to fourth at one minute 12 seconds . Friday 's 19th stage , the third in the Alps , could well hold the key to the eventual winner with the finish on the famous Alpe d'Huez after another climb on the Galibier . Both the Schlecks will be looking to pick up further time on Evans , who is a stronger time trialist , ahead of Saturday 's individual test against the clock over 42.5 km in Grenoble .	Andy Schleck wins 18th stage of the Tour de France on Col du Galibier Schleck closes to within 15 seconds of race leader Thomas Voeckler of France Andy 's brother takes second on the stage to improve to third overall Defending champion Alberto Contador loses time on the final climb
CNN  -- The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17 + , meaning appropriate for users 17 and older , after it was flooded with pornographic images . Since its launch two weeks ago , the Twitter-owned Vine had been rated 12 + in Apple 's App Store , the only place it is currently available . But sexually explicit video clips almost immediately began appearing within the app , including one mistakenly showcased in its "  Editor 's Picks " section , drawing outrage from some users . The new rating , for such criteria as "  frequent/intense sexual content or nudity , " means users wishing to download Vine must click on a window promising that they are over 17 . There is no age-verification system , however , and nothing to stop younger users from downloading the app . The changes are part of an update to Vine , announced Wednesday , that also allow users to block or report a profile they find offensive . Does Twitter 's Vine have a porn problem ? Twitter had already taken steps last week to restrict how users can share sexually explicit clips . Hashtags for such search terms as "  porn , " "  nude , " "  sex " and "  naked " no longer delivered any results . The issue made headlines January 28 when Vine users noticed a video of what was described as hardcore pornography showcased in the prominent Editor 's Picks section of the mobile app . Twitter pulled the clip and apologized , saying it was a mistake . Tumblr , the popular blogging platform that includes some porn among its roughly 92 million blogs , soon afterwards reclassified itself with the 17 + tag . Apps are typically submitted to Apple with a suggested age rating , although Apple can request that the rating be changed . In the App Store , 17 + is the most restrictive rating . App stores : Gatekeepers , or censors of the mobile Web ?	The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17 + Sexually explicit video clips have been appearing within the app Since its launch two weeks ago , the Twitter-owned Vine app had been rated 12 +
Mental Floss  -- They say that truth is stranger than fiction . And while we 're not exactly sure when that phrase was coined , we 're guessing it was after reading about these guys and gals . Charles Dickens reportedly gave Edgar Allan Poe "  the bird " idea for famous poem . 1 . Thomas Hardy When British poet and novelist Thomas Hardy died on January 11 , 1928 , his literary contemporaries decided he was too important to be buried in his hometown 's simple churchyard . But the good people of Dorset , where Hardy had spent nearly all of his 88 years , vehemently disagreed . So the two groups reached a grisly compromise . The author 's body was cremated , and his ashes were interred in the Poet 's Corner of Westminster Abbey . Hardy 's heart , on the other hand , was placed inside a small casket and buried beside the grave of his first wife in a Dorset churchyard . To this day , a rumor persists that the author 's heart was accidentally devoured by his housekeeper 's cat , and that the heart of a pig was buried in its place . 2 . Horatio Alger , Jr. . Apparently , the author of more than 120 "  rags-to-riches " books featuring hard-working , highly moral young heroes was also an admitted pederast . Before finding success as an author , Alger was a minister at a Unitarian Church in Brewster , Massachusetts , where he was accused of sexually assaulting two young boys . Alger admitted his guilt , but left town before the news hit the street . Later , he wound up in New York City , where he penned hundreds of best-selling books for and about young boys , which went on to grace the shelves of homes , schools and church libraries across America . 3 . Sherwood Anderson Best known for his collection of short stories , Winesburg , Ohio , and for mentoring such literary heavyweights as Hemingway , Faulkner and Steinbeck , Anderson had a knack for unexpected exits . One day in November 1912 , while serving as president of the successful Anderson Manufacturing Co. , he simply got up and walked out of his office to pursue a career in writing . Years later , he made another sudden departure , this time during the middle of a South American voyage . At his farewell cocktail party , Anderson unknowingly swallowed a toothpick hidden within an hors d'oeuvre . The author sailed on , but the toothpick did n't , penetrating his intestines and causing peritonitis . Anderson became ill aboard ship and later died in a Panama hospital . 4 . Charles Dickens A number of pets graced the Dickens household over the years , including all manner of dogs , cats and ponies . But Charles ' favorite pets were his two ravens , both known as Grip . Dickens was particularly devoted to Grip I , going so far as to write the bird into his 1841 mystery novel , Barnaby Rudge . This same talkative bird reportedly was the inspiration for Edgar Allan Poe 's famous poem , "  The Raven , " published four years later . Upon Grip I 's demise , Dickens had his beloved bird stuffed . These days , Grip can be seen at the Free Library of Philadelphia 's Rare Books Department , where he stands guard over the Poe and Dickens collections . 5 . Flannery O'Connor Dickens apparently was n't the only well-known writer who had a fetish for fowl . Flannery O'Connor , author of 32 short stories including "  A Good Man Is Hard to Find " and "  Everything That Rises Must Converge , " developed a love for birds at a very young age . Growing up on her family 's estate in Georgia , O'Connor enjoyed playing with the chickens they raised there and reportedly taught one of them to walk backward , making the chicken somewhat of a local celebrity . But O'Connor had a special fondness for peacocks , which she often used in her fiction to represent Christ . When she returned to live on the family farm as an adult , she raised an unusually large flock of peacocks , which she tended to until her death in 1964 . Afterward , they were donated to various parks and monasteries around Georgia , but all were eventually killed by predators . 6 . O. Henry O. Henry  born William Sydney Porter  may have been the master of the popular short story form , but he was far less skilled when it came to money . While working as a bank teller in Houston , the fledgling author was accused of embezzling a few thousand dollars , prompting his rather sudden move to Honduras . But a few years later , when he came back to visit his dying wife , he was arrested and sentenced to five years in prison . It was here that convict Porter assumed the pen name O. Henry . His incarceration offered him the time to write as well as a chance to mix with a slew of seedy characters , perfect fodder for his fiction . A model inmate , Porter was released in 1901 , after serving just three years . He passed away in 1910 with 600 stories , but reportedly only 33 cents , to his name . 7 . Langston Hughes Poet , playwright , novelist , essayist and all-around literary luminary , Langston Hughes achieved fame during the Harlem Renaissance . But before that , Hughes was a struggling young writer , working menial jobs to support his burgeoning poetry habit . In 1925 , while working at a restaurant in Washington D.C. , Hughes tucked a few of his poems under the dinner plate of then-reigning poet Vachel Lindsay . Lindsay shared the poems during his reading that night , and in the morning , Hughes was crowned Lindsay 's new discovery , the "  busboy poet . " Hughes went on to become one of America 's most prolific authors . Lindsay , however , died six years later after drinking a bottle of Lysol . 8 . Edith Wharton Edith Wharton , winner of the Pulitzer Prize for her 1920 novel The Age of Innocence , is famous for her vivid stories and novels about upper-class society in the late 19th century . It was a setting she knew well , coming from a wealthy and distinguished New England family . But the high society author had a lesser-known career as a humanitarian . During World War I , Wharton traveled to the Western Front in France , both to write about the battlefields for American publications and to help the Red Cross create hostels and schools for those displaced by war . In 1916 , she was awarded the Legion of Honor , France 's highest civilian appointment , years before the height of her literary career . 9 . Charlotte Bronte Charlotte Bronte may have been the author of the romantic classic Jane Eyre , but she was not well served by love herself . In fact , it more or less killed her . In June of 1854 , a starry-eyed Bronte married her father 's curate and soon became pregnant . During her pregnancy , she fell ill , and according to her earliest biographer , Elizabeth Gaskell , she was attacked by "  sensations of perpetual nausea and ever-recurring faintness . " The elder Bronte sister 's nausea was so overwhelming , in fact , that the author could n't eat or even smell food without becoming violently ill . On March 31 , 1855 , a dehydrated , malnourished and severely exhausted Charlotte Bronte died at the age of 38 . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Famous author O. Henry accused of embezzling , sent to prison Langston Hughes tucked poetry under plate of famous poet at restaurant Sherwood Anderson killed by a toothpick in hors d'oeuvre
CNN  -- Venus Williams was the first former champion to fall on Friday at the U.S. Open . The American lost an epic encounter with world No. 13 Sara Errani as the Italian came through 6-0 0-6 7-6 . Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova , also former winners at Flushing Meadows , hope to stay the course later on Friday . Williams , who has rediscovered some of her best form in the build up to the final grand slam of the season , looked down and out as she lost an error-strewn opening set . But there were cheers from the crowd on Arthur Ashe court when the 34-year-old home favorite won her first game of the match at the start of the second . It looked like a phoenix from the flames comeback was on from Williams as she overpowered Errani to level at one set all . The third set saw the pendulum of momentum swing between the two players . Williams was serving for the match at 5-3 up only for Errani to break back and eventually force a deciding tiebreak . The breaker was another see-sawing affair but it was the Italian who conjured some brilliant play to wrap up it 7-5 and book her place in the fourth round . Williams came into Friday 's single match on the back off a draining doubles match with her sister Serena . The 34-year-old , who is dealing with the effects of Sjogren 's Syndrome , will turn her attention to that side of the tournament now . Fairytale in New York There was a fairytale in New York for qualifier Mirjana Lucic-Baroni as she knocked out second seed Simona Halep 7-6 6-2 . The world No. 121 had once been one of the game 's rising stars , reaching the Wimbledon semifinals in 1999 . But her career went into freefall after personal revelations about an abusive childhood . Lucic-Baroni fled to the United States with her mother and siblings but her promising tennis career was all but over . "  After so many years , it 's incredible , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I live for this . Every painful moment has been worth it . "	Two-time champion Venus Williams defeated in third round of U.S. Open Italian world No. 13 Sara Errani wins epic encounter 6-0 0-6 7-6 Qualifier Mirjana Lucic-Baroni knocks out second seed Simona Halep The former Croatian teenage star describes her shock victory as "  incredible "
CNN  This week , Hillary Clinton surprised the world yet again -- not with the official launch of her campaign but for the unconventional way she did it . She sure pushed the envelope . With her video , new logo and road trip , she opened a long communications campaign not only to "  rebrand " herself but to completely reframe who she is , what she stands for and how she intends to run . We 'll find out over the next year and a half whether it will work . Many in the press and on late-night television scratched their heads this week ; others were scathing . Ruth Marcus -- a columnist for the Washington Post -- dismissed her launch video as a "  relentlessly , insultingly vapid " effort of "  demographic box-checking . " Jon Stewart lampooned it as a "  State Farm commercial gone viral " and also "  boring as s -- . " Since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for Hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes . But from a marketing perspective , her launch may have been much more successful than critics think . The YouTube announcement video took on the central strategic challenge for the campaign and candidate : To flip Clinton 's message from self-absorbed "  I " to empathetic "  we . " While critics may sneer , it is hard to deny that the image it projects of Hillary is more confident , fresher , simpler and forward-looking , with even a bit of the upstart feel of two of the most successful product launch companies , Nike and Apple . Clinton 's team may have begun to create an empathetic relationship with voters that has eluded her in the past , most crucially when she lost the nomination fight to Barack Obama in 2008 . In marketing terms , rebranding is a strategy to bring a new name , term , symbol or design to an established brand with the aim of developing a new identity in the minds of consumers . Reframing is a strategy that goes further : it seeks to change how a consumer  or voter  emotionally experiences an established brand . A rebrand may change how you think about a brand ; a reframe may change how you feel about it . In the Apple case , the company at one time fell on its face when it unveiled the original Macintosh ; some thought the company was headed for oblivion . But when Steve Jobs returned as CEO , he went back to the drawing board and soon unveiled the iPod , which not only changed the way consumers thought about Apple , but how they experienced it . Not only a rebrand -- but a reframe . Take Hillary 's road trip to Iowa in the van nicknamed Scooby . The press lampooned her , but I would bet that for many others , her unscripted and anonymous stop at Chipotle reinforced the "  everyday Americans " campaign theme . Hillary stood in line to order , an everyday customer among everyday people at an everyday fast-food chain . Also introduced last week was what will come to be the single most-ubiquitous element of her campaign : Clinton 's new and controversial campaign logo . It is a brilliant , iconic expression of the emotional connection she wants people to have with her , her message and her movement . In fact , her logo is all about movement . Simple , confident , high tech and shorthand to a much younger set of voters , the bold red arrow moving left to right in front of the strong blue H says it all : You are the important ones . I 'm here to support you with everything I 've got . Let me help you move forward . Taken together , all the pieces of Clinton 's announcement -- as well as the unconventional media she used to deliver them -- bring her back on stage not as a leader from yesterday but , surprisingly , as one for the future . Coincidentally , the way Marco Rubio announced his run for the Republican nomination most likely amplified the impact of Clinton 's reframing . For all his posturing about being the new generation , Rubio followed to a "  T " the most traditional script for announcing a candidacy : traditional stage and podium , dark suit , bright tie , wife and kids on camera , a live speech , all about himself , timed for the evening news . Rubio 's logo , the signature of his image , drew immediate criticism for being amateurish and unconsidered , even leaving Alaska and Hawaii off the map of America . In stark contrast , Hillary showed the confidence and finesse to buck tradition on every front . It was Hillary who pulled the ultimate jiu-jitsu . There are those , of course , who will be alienated , if not disgusted , by the way her campaign has unfurled such a sophisticated marketing plan . In a day when voters are yearning for authenticity , how do we know this is the real Hillary or a candidate in a mask ? Fair question . But for better or worse , mass marketing has become the staple of presidential campaigns -- that 's where most campaign dollars go . Both sides know how to play , sometimes brilliantly . Remember the Reagan advertisements of 1984 , proclaiming "  Morning in America " ? What we know is that over time , voters see a lot of unscripted moments of a candidate where the real character comes through . And if they spot hypocrisy between ads and the candidate , that campaign will get into trouble fast . That 's why the key to Hillary Clinton 's success in reframing her message and movement will be consistency . She must not only take the essence of a humble , empathic relationship with voters and integrate it into all elements of her communication , she must also live it every day . Otherwise there will be messaging "  schizophrenia , " the solid start with flashes of brilliance will peter out and she 'll be facing the same voter perceptions that doomed her race in 2008 . In the meantime , one can imagine Clinton getting a huge , satisfying belly laugh out of the early returns on her efforts .	Martha Pease : Hillary Clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about She says Clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike Marco Rubio 's standard announcement
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mandy Moore stepped onto the small stage at Amoeba Records in Hollywood with a quick wave . Mandy Moore , now 25 , is following her bliss with her new album , "  Amanda Leigh . " "  Hi , shoppers , " she giggled somewhat self-consciously . The audience of several hundred , stuffed between the music racks at the landmark store , giggled back . "  This is so weird to be playing here . I live in the neighborhood , and this is where I get my CDs and my DVDs ! " she said . Then she launched into selections from her sixth studio album , "  Amanda Leigh . " Somewhere out of sight was her new husband , Ryan Adams -- the alt-country hero she married in March , after a one-month engagement . It 's been 10 years since Moore burst onto the pop scene as a lanky , blonde 15-year-old singing and dancing her way through a sweetly suggestive tune called "  Candy . " Her musical fare now is more eclectic and stripped down -- even featuring vintage instruments such as the clavinet and melodica . Watch Moore talk candidly about her new direction " Unlike such early contemporaries as Britney Spears and Jessica Simpson , Moore has gone for cred over commercial success in both her music and movie careers , and it suits her well . There 's an authenticity there , as well as a genuine warmth and charm . Moore spoke about her artistic growth , a musical funk , and working with her new husband . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : A friend of mine made an interesting analogy , saying these last two albums of yours  including 2007 's folk-leaning "  Wild Hope "  are to your music career what "  Saved ! " was to your movie career , in terms of establishing yourself critically . Mandy Moore : I take that as a compliment . I mean , I sort of feel lucky to have the opportunity to do film stuff and music at the same time , because I love doing both . But ... if you make a move one way with one side of your career , you sort of have to balance it out on the other side . I feel like with the last two records , I have been in control creatively . They are probably more like some of the cooler indie movies that I have been lucky enough to get to do . CNN : You could have continued in the mainstream pop world , like some of the singers you came up with . Moore : I sort of started around the same time as a lot of my contemporaries , like the Britney Spearses and the Christina Aguileras of the world , and they are amazing and everybody is still around and doing their thing . I just never truly felt comfortable with the music that I was singing -- even back then . I mean , I was happy to have the opportunity , but I was still scratching my head , "  Well , there has got to be something else , there has got to be something more . " ... It 's just about doing what you are truly passionate about and fighting for that . I could have stayed on the same path that I started on , and who knows what would have happened if I would have found success with that -- or none at all -- but I knew I would not have been happy if I had made that decision . And I 'm doing what I love now , and I think that 's more important than anything . CNN : The new album is called "  Amanda Leigh , " which is your real name . So is this kind of a reintroduction to people about who you really are -- a grown-up Mandy Moore ? Moore : To be quite honest , even though the record is called "  Amanda Leigh , " and that is my given name , there was n't a tremendous amount of thought behind the idea of "  This is the real me . Forget the Mandy Moore stuff . That 's kid stuff . " No , it was kind of a simple , almost frivolous decision . My friend Mike Viola -LSB- of the Candy Butchers -RSB- , who I wrote the whole record with , called me Amanda Leigh when we were in the studio all the time . Like "  Amanda Leigh , come on , we 've got to get to work ! " And I do n't know , it just sort of became synonymous with making the record to me . I had never really owned my name . It was just synonymous with my parents being mad at me . So I was like , "  All right , I 'm 25 , I 'm a woman , I 'm an adult . I think I can probably take ownership with that name now and be OK with it . " But I 'm still happy to be Mandy at the end of the day . CNN : Well , you can actually change your name even further . You can go by Amanda Adams -LSB- her married name -RSB- these days . Moore : I 'm going to really throw people off and completely change my name . That will be the next record . You know , just to throw a real wrench into the situation . CNN : I 'm probably blowing it for you when you check into hotels under names that nobody would expect you to use . Moore :  Glancing over at her husband  Should I give my name ? I 'll have to change it , but it 's time for a new one . I was Cornish Gamehen for a while , which was bizarre . But for the last couple years , I have been Meryl Inch -- however , there is too much of a debacle going on there these days to continue that . So I have to come up with something creative . CNN : What 's it like to not be on a major label these days ? There must be some freedom attached to it , but then you do n't have the big bucks behind you , as well as the whole machinery . Moore : I do n't think you need the whole machine , the whole middleman behind you nowadays , like in terms of a big record label giving you a push . ... I think it has allowed me the creative freedom to truly make the kind of music that I want to by being on an indie label . ... I 'm much happier with this road . CNN : Was there a period of depression you went through that had you reworking things in your head , and trying to find out who you were ? Moore : I think the writing process for the last record , for "  Wild Hope , " I found myself in a bit of a funk . I do n't know if I would necessarily classify it as a depression , but I was definitely in a very deeply , darkly place for me , and I had never really been there before . And there was a lot of investigation and questions bouncing around in my head that I found I could answer by kind of investing myself in music and writing . CNN : I would love to be a fly on the wall in your house , just to see the music that you and Ryan come up with . Moore : There is a lot of music in the house , whether someone is playing it , or there 's a record on or something . I 've been introduced to a lot of metal in my relationship , which is pretty cool , because my guy is a big metal fan , and it is n't something I would necessarily investigate on my own -- but I do like it . It 's just nice to have that truly built-in support system that someone is unbelievably understanding of what you do . CNN : Like a lot of people , I was shocked when I read you and Ryan had gotten married . Moore : Yeah , we sort of snuck it by a lot of people . Pretty handy . That 's how we roll . Life is good , and I 'm a really lucky girl , and I 'm very happy . It 's a very exciting time to be 25 years old and truly fulfilled in so many aspects .	Mandy Moore 's new album is "  Amanda Leigh , " her given name Moore has gone indie route with new album , happy to be on that path Freshly married to Ryan Adams , singer looks forward to new things -- like metal ?
CNN  A North Carolina man facing murder charges in the death of a "  Food Network Star " contestant had human remains in his woodstove , authorities say . Robert Jason Owens is accused of killing former contestant Cristie Schoen Codd , 38 , and her husband , Joseph Codd , 45 . Cristie Codd was five months pregnant , according to CNN affiliate WHNS in Greenville , South Carolina . Owens was a contractor and had worked at the couple 's home in Leicester , a community 15 miles west of Asheville , authorities said Friday . Relatives reported the Codds missing Sunday after they could not reach either of them . When authorities went to their home , some things looked out of place , which prompted an investigation , according to Buncombe County Sheriff Van Duncan . He did not elaborate on what was unusual , but authorities had said earlier that the couple 's cars and dogs were at home . A day after they were reported missing , authorities received a call about suspicious activity around Owens ' home in Candler . "  They  caller  identified that someone had come out and very suspiciously had left things in a Dumpster , " Duncan said . "  We responded and were able to locate items that we knew belonged to Cristie Schoen Codd . " When investigators did an initial interview with Owens , he confessed to taking items from the victims ' home , authorities said . Duncan said they obtained a warrant to search Owens ' home and found human remains . "  Parts of those were recovered from a woodstove at that residence , " Duncan said . Those remains , he said , are undergoing a forensic analysis to determine whether they belong to the Codds . In addition to the remains , Owens ' wife told investigators that her husband confessed to killing Joseph Codd , according to the sheriff . Duncan declined to provide details on the motive or whether the suspect confessed to killing Cristie Schoen Codd as well . "  From that point , there 's not really a whole lot of detail we can get into , " he said , citing an ongoing investigation . Owens faces various charges , including two counts of first-degree murder , murder of an unborn child and breaking and entering , according to WHNS . It said Owens allegedly broke into the couple 's house and stole a laptop , gun and jewelry , citing investigators . It 's unclear who his attorney is . Cristie Codd was a finalist on season eight of "  Food Network Star , " which airs on the Food Network .	Cristie and Joseph Codd were reported missing Sunday The suspect had done odd jobs for the couple , authorities say
CNN  -- A woman who says she twice worked for L.A. Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling sued him this week , alleging that he sexually harassed her and made her uncomfortable with racist remarks -- and that he once fired her after she objected . Maiko Maya King 's lawsuit , filed Monday in Los Angeles County Superior Court , alleges she and Sterling were in a romantic relationship from 2005 to 2011 , and that she "  worked for him and his foundation " before her irritation at what she claims were his racially offensive remarks split them apart . King alleges Sterling made racist comments about her former husband , who is black , and about the couple 's children . "  Why would you bring black people into the world ? " Sterling allegedly said , according to the lawsuit . The suit also alleges Sterling said : "  I want to take you out of the black world and put you into the white world . " Referring to King 's former relationship , Sterling would tell her , "  You ran away with a black boy , " including once at a table full of people at a restaurant , according to the lawsuit . In addition , the lawsuit quotes Sterling as allegedly telling King that she had "  moved to the ghetto " and that "  Black people do not take care of their children . All they do is sit at home and smoke dope . " An attorney for Sterling , Bobby Samini , told CNN that King 's claim was "  baseless and ridiculous . " "  She was never employed by Donald Sterling , " he said . "  Her claim was obviously prompted by opportunistic motives . " Gloria Allred , King 's attorney , told CNN Tuesday that her client has "  quite a bit of evidence . We have voice mails . We have texts . " Allred said King returned to work for Sterling after having a "  problematic relationship " with him because she knew his girlfriend was V. Stiviano , the woman who released his now-infamous audio recording . "  She knew V. Stiviano was his girlfriend and she felt then she would n't have to have sex with him and she came back into his employ as his caretaker , " Allred said . The lawsuit claims that after King re-established contact with Sterling in late 2013 , he hired her as his "  personal assistant/caretaker " with an agreement to pay her $ 10,000 a month . However , the suit says , he "  dangled money only if she would have sex with him , " and she "  refused to perform many of the acts . " "  She was introduced as his caretaker . And she was promised wages and she was not paid those wages . So she is entitled to be paid for her work , and that 's what this lawsuit is all about , " Allred said . Sterling fired her after she protested against the alleged sexual harassment and racist remarks he allegedly made , the suit says . The lawsuit said King was at Sterling 's home one day when he was on the phone with former NBA star Earvin "  Magic " Johnson and she heard him make "  derogatory comments of a sexual and racial nature " about Johnson . Sterling 's public troubles began in April when TMZ posted a recording in which he was heard making racist comments . Sterling 's inflammatory remarks to Stiviano spawned outrage among NBA fans , players and executives . Chief among the latter was NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who banned Sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . Sterling , an attorney and billionaire real estate mogul , is now fighting to keep his co-ownership of the NBA franchise . In the recording , Sterling argues with Stiviano about how she posted a photo of herself with Johnson to Instagram . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " Sterling says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " the woman responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird was also an NBA star who played with the Boston Celtics and a storied rival of Johnson , who played for the Los Angeles Lakers . Sterling 's camp , in turn , has filed a lawsuit , claiming that the NBA move to terminate his ownership "  is unconstitutional , in breach of contract , in restraint of trade , in breach of fiduciary duties and ... is malicious and oppressive . " The lawsuit seeks more than $ 1 billion from the NBA for its decision to ban him for life and force him to sell the franchise . It comes amid fresh questions about the 80-year-old 's mental state , raising the issue of how much control he has or should have with the Clipppers . Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , last week agreed to sell the Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion . Official : Suspect in alleged Stiviano assault surrenders Sterling sues NBA for $ 1 billion as questions over his mental state loom CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Woman who worked for Sterling says he sexually harassed her , made racist remarks Maiko Maya King claims she had a romantic relationship with Sterling Lawsuit alleges Sterling "  dangled money only if " King would have sex with him
CNN  -- The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is asking parents to immediately stop using a series of inflatable floats for babies in swimming pools , announcing a voluntary recall of about 4 million floats Thursday . The Squirtin ' Tootin ' Tugboat is among the floats covered by the recall . The items -- which inflate to seat babies and toddlers as they float on water -- are manufactured by Massachusetts-based Aqua Leisure Industries . The company has voluntarily recalled 14 models because the leg straps in the seat of the float can tear , causing children to slip into the water , posing a drowning risk , the commission said in a statement . There have been 31 reports of float seats tearing , though no injuries have been reported , the commission said . The floats were sold from December 2002 through June 2009 at retailers nationwide , including Target , Toys "  R " Us , Wal-Mart , Dollar General , Kmart , Walgreens , Ace Hardware and Bed , Bath & Beyond . The commission is asking consumers to stop using the floats and to send them back to the company . Aqua Leisure officials could not be immediately reached for comment , but the company 's Web site has posted the commission 's recall advisory . CNN 's Gerri Willis contributed to this report .	Aqua Leisure Industries recalls 14 models Leg straps can tear , allowing children to slip into the water Agency says there have been 31 reports of seats tearing Floats were sold nationwide at many chain retailers
An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared American couple Matthew and Grace Huang of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 , in a case that drew global attention to the Middle Eastern nation 's justice system . However , the couple were blocked from leaving Qatar on Sunday by immigration officials at Hamad International Airport , who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , which cited a family spokesman Eric Volz . A new warrant had been issued for their arrest on unknown charges , the agency cited Volz as saying . The couple remained at the airport Sunday night with the U.S. Ambassador to Qatar , Dana Shell Smith , Doha News reported . Earlier , Matthew Huang issued a statement thanking the Qatari judge for his decision . "  This has been an emotional trial for me and my family , " Matthew Huang said in a statement . "  Grace and I want to go home and be reunited with our sons . We have not been able to grieve our daughter 's death , but we want to thank the judge for today 's decision . " The Huangs -- who were living in Qatar while Matthew Huang worked for a international company working on construction projects for the 2022 World Cup -- were arrested in January 2013 when their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died . They were charged with starving her to death , convicted in March and sentenced to three years in prison . The Qatari prosecutor sought to paint Grace and Matthew Huang as inhumane -- alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa -- and had threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being freed in November 2013 pending their appeal . In explaining his decision to overturn the conviction , Judge Abdulrahman al-Sharafi cited weaknesses in forensic reports and said the trial judge failed to properly consider testimony from witnesses who said Gloria was n't deprived . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , stated they found no evidence tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite the fact Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation went unanswered . Criticism of Qatari justice The case against the Huangs shined a light on the Qatari justice system and drew complaints from the United States . Qatar is a key ally in the U.S.-led coalition against the terror group ISIS and host to many countries ' forces involved in airstrikes . The Qatari government also helped the United States secure the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl from Taliban captivity this year . Despite the close ties , the State Department expressed concern . Officials requested in October that Qatar 's government lift the Huangs ' travel ban , allowing them to return to the United States . "  The 22 long months of court proceedings following their daughter 's tragic death have compounded the tragedy for the Huang family , and it is time now , as the Appeals Court stated , to let the Huangs return home , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement . "  We are deeply concerned about new delays that have prevented their departure , " he said . A United Nations special rapporteur investigating the justice system in Qatar also called attention to the Huangs ' case and urged the government to release them and send them home . Fighting family After the couple 's arrest , their two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage . They have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother . The entire family chipped in during the prolonged separation . With Matthew Huang fired from his job , the couple are living on donations from family and friends . Grace Huang 's brother , Daniel Chin , gave up his job in California to work on the case full time . He was the nerve center of the family , raising money for expenses and defense costs and dealing with the Huangs ' lawyers and advocates . Their focus on their fate took away from time for them to grieve Gloria 's loss . "  Everything has revolved around her case and our situation , " Grace Huang said . "  We have n't had a chance to really say goodbye and mourn . We just really want to be able to honor her place in our lives with our friends and family and that has n't happened yet . "	"  We are deeply concerned about new delays that have prevented their departure , " says Kerry New arrest warrant issued for American couple , Doha News reports The development comes after a judge voided their conviction in their daughter 's death Prosecutors accused them of starving the girl to death
CNN  -- At least 28 people were killed Wednesday after a boat carrying asylum seekers crashed into cliffs along the shore near the coast of Christmas Island , Australia 's minister for immigration and citizenship said . Rescuers were able to pull 43 people from the "  dangerous " waters and one person was able to swim to shore . "  It 's a very difficult situation for everybody involved and of course , particularly , for those on Christmas Island : for the asylum seekers and for those involved in the rescue , " Minister Chris Bowen said in an Australian radio interview . "  Those involved in the rescue -- both the naval officials , the customs officials and the locals -- did an outstanding job in saving so many people yesterday . " Bowen noted -- as Australia 's border protection agency did earlier -- that weather in the area is treacherous . "  The rescue is being conducted in extremely difficult and dangerous conditions , " the Australia 's border protection agency said in a statement . ' "  We will continue the search until last light and review the situation and determine what further actions might need to be taken before first light tomorrow . " Bowen said 11 of the survivors were "  clearly children or say they 're under 18 . Of the deceased , we do n't know yet . " Bowen also said it was unclear how many people were on the boat . "  People who have survived say that there were between 70 and 100 , but we really do n't know and we probably never will , " he said . Most of the people on the boat were from Iran and Iraq , a rescue worker told Sydney radio station 2GB . "  Eyewitnesses told us that they saw babies being held in people 's arms and then when the boat was hit by the wave and crashed up against the rocks , they could no longer see those young babies , " said Jessica Campanaro , a reporter with the Australian radio station . "  There is an ongoing situation which involves a rescue of people off Christmas Island , " a statement from Australian Customs and Border Protection said . "  Our paramount priority is the safety of all involved . " The group will be transferred to Christmas Island where they will undergo security , identity and health checks and their reasons for travel will be established , according to the Customs and Border Protection statement . The tragedy has spurred discussions of Australia 's immigration policies , but Minister Bowen said there would time enough for those discussions later . "  It 's appropriate that there be a political discussion about this , and people will have strong views , " he said . "  My focus , together with -LSB- Minister for Home Affairs -RSB- Brendan O'Connor and the prime minister -LSB- Julia Gillard -RSB- is on the situation we have at Christmas Island . There 'll be inquiries and investigations , but I think what we can best do today is lend our support to the valiant rescue efforts of our naval and customs personnel , and also the locals on Christmas Island who responded magnificently . " Christmas Island is an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean , nearer to the Philippines than to Australia . The island is about 1,600 miles northwest of the western Australian city of Perth and 220 miles south of the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . CNN 's Mila Sanina contributed to this report .	NEW : 28 are dead after boat carrying asylum seekers crashes into cliffs NEW : Australian minister says 44 have been rescued The group will be transferred to Christmas Island , police say
London , England  CNN  -- The twin brother of the man allegedly responsible for one of the worst massacres in recent British history was among 12 people killed before the gunman took his own life , police said Thursday . The series of drive-by shootings in northern England also left 11 people wounded . David Bird , the 52-year-old twin brother of alleged shooter Derrick Bird , was found dead at his home in the English village of Lamplugh , police said . David Bird , they noted , was the father of three daughters . Early Wednesday evening , British authorities identified four other victims . Garry John Purdham , 31 , was found dead in a field on the roadside next to a pub . Darren Paul Rewcastle , 43 , was a local taxi driver . Cyclist Michael James Pike , 64 , was shot dead in the road . Jamie Michael Dennis Clark , 23 , was found dead in his car . Earlier , authorities named three other people killed in the shootings : 60-year-old solicitor Kevin Commons , who was found in his driveway ; 57-year-old Susan Hughes , a mother of two ; and 66-year-old Jane Elizabeth Robinson . The UK 's head of state , Queen Elizabeth II , issued condolences , saying she was "  deeply shocked " by what happened . "  In asking you to pass my deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to the families of all those who were killed or injured , and to the injured themselves , I am sure I share in the grief and horror of the whole country , " the queen said . Police also released a map tracing the route that suspect Derrick Bird , 52 , is believed to have traveled on his rampage through the region on Wednesday . Were you there ? Send your pics , video The route begins near the village of Lamplugh and winds through Cumbria , taking in the seaside towns of Whitehaven and Seascale before ending up farther inland near Boot , in the Lake District . Police lifted the cordons at most of the 30 separate crime scenes , but Derrick Bird 's house in Rowrah , near Frizington , remained one of those roped off , they said . Forensic experts were examining two weapons seized by police , a shotgun and a .22 rifle fitted with a telescopic sight . Police said Bird was a licensed firearms holder for 20 years and they were investigating whether the license covers the seized firearms . Gun laws tightened after massacres "  The focus of the 100-strong squad of detectives investigating the incident is firmly on finding out why someone would want to take so many lives in such a short space of time , " Cumbria Police said in a statement . "  Officers and staff are conducting forensic evidential searches and tests across the area at each location . " "  What happened -LSB- on Wednesday -RSB- was unthinkable and is without doubt the most horrific incident I have seen in my 25 year long policing career , " said Cumbria Chief Constable Craig Mackey . "  We now need to work together as a county to recover as we look to the future . " Police finished searching the known and possible routes Bird could have used -- an area covering 150 kilometers  93 miles  -- and said as a result they were not expecting to find any more victims . Of the wounded , eight remained in hospitals Thursday , with four in stable and four in "  comfortable " condition , police said . Local Detective Chief Superintendent Iain Goulding released a statement identifying Derrick Bird as a self-employed taxi driver who had lived in Rowrah since 1993 . Goulding noted that Bird drove a silver Citroen Picasso , which was used during Wednesday 's shooting spree . Meanwhile , a taxi driver shot in the back during Wednesday 's killing spree has described how he watched Bird shoot dead another driver , Darren Rewcastle , at point blank range . "  He turned up and shouted ` Darren ' before walking up to him and taking his face off . I saw it . He just shot him , " Reed , a former soldier , told the Liverpool Echo . Wounded taxi driver ` watched friend shot in face ' Peter Leder , who described himself as a friend of Bird 's , told CNN he spoke to Bird on Tuesday night and Bird told him , "  You wo n't see me again . " Leder said Bird drove his taxi in Whitehaven for more than 20 years and described him as "  an outgoing , well-known guy , who everyone liked . " Bird was close to his mother , who is ill in a local nursing home , Leder said . He said his friend enjoyed scuba diving , went on several diving trips abroad and practiced regularly at the Whitehaven swimming baths . Leder said he knew Bird had guns but said he was not violent . "  I ca n't shed any light on it , " Leder said . " ... He was a decent guy , and I 'm sorry for what 's happened . " CNN 's David Wilkinson and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify four more victims of Cumbria shootings Police name name twin brother of alleged killer as one of the victims Police tracing map taken by suspect Derrick Bird Cordons lifted at most crime scenes
London  CNN  -- Several major advertisers in the United Kingdom are pulling advertising from the UK 's News of the World newspaper amid a wave of public outrage over a phone hacking scandal . Carmakers Ford and Vauxhall , Virgin Holidays , Halifax and the Co-operative Group are among those to say they are withdrawing adverts that were scheduled to run in the newspaper . Other big firms , including cell phone providers T-Mobile and Orange and utility firm Npower , say they are reviewing their position with regard to advertising in light of the turmoil over the allegations against media baron Rupert Murdoch 's flagship British Sunday paper . The scandal around the News of the World widened Wednesday , with the father of a victim of the 2005 London terror attacks saying his phone may have been hacked . That followed claims Tuesday that its journalists also hacked into the phone messages of missing teenager Milly Dowler , who was later found to have been murdered . Prime Minister David Cameron called the allegations "  absolutely disgusting . " Ford was among the first to act to distance itself from News of the World , saying Tuesday that it was "  concerned by the serious nature of the allegations of past activities against the News of the World , and the high level of public concern . " "  While we are not prejudging the outcome of the ongoing investigations , we believe it is appropriate to suspend advertising in the News of the World pending the outcome . In the interim , we will advertise in alternative media within and outside the News International Group . " Vauxhall said it had suspended advertising in the News of the World and would "  reconsider its position pending the outcome of investigations into the allegations of phone hacking . " The Halifax bank said in a statement its action was in response to public anger over the story . "  In recognising and responding to consumer reaction , Halifax has cancelled an advertisement in this Sunday 's News of the World . This was a tactical decision in the short term whilst we carefully consider our longer term position and its implications . " Carmaker Renault said it had no advertising planned with News of the World and would not commit to any future advertising pending the outcome of formal investigations , "  as a result of the seriousness of the continued allegations . " The scandal has prompted calls for a public boycott of the paper -- and its parent company News International -- on social media sites including Facebook and Twitter . A message at the top of the Boycott News of the World Facebook group , which had more than 5,100 members as of Wednesday , said : "  By boycotting this newspaper we can send a message that they are not above the law and their behaviour is heinous and despicable . " Parenting website Mumsnet also said Wednesday it would pull the current advertising campaign for Sky , which is part of Murdoch 's media empire , from its website -- at a cost of some # 20,000 to # 30,000 to itself -- "  as members who are pretty much unanimously shocked and disgusted by the News of the World 's actions in hacking Milly Dowler 's phone thought it incongruous that Mumsnet was carrying advertising for Sky at the present time . " However , analyst Douglas McCabe , of media research firm Enders Analysis , told CNN the cost of the advertisers ' actions and any public boycott to News of the World and News International was likely to be limited in the long term . "  There 's not a mass of material revenue impact on the business short term , " he said . "  Reputation going forward will be tricky for them to manage and there could be longer term implications if more advertisers pull and they pull for a longer period of time -- but at this point , there 's very little impact , " he said . The loss of revenue for News of the World as a result of advertising being withdrawn this weekend would be in the realm of tens of thousands of dollars , he said . "  The question is , do more businesses jump on the band wagon effect , and suddenly does it extend through the inquiry for a significant period ? " He estimates that 40 % of total revenue for the News of the World and its daily sister paper , The Sun , comes from advertising , putting its value at about # 260 million  $ 418 million  a year . Responding to the phone hacking allegations , Murdoch 's News Corp. said Wednesday : "  We are committed to addressing these issues fully and have taken a number of important steps to prevent them from happening again . " CNN 's Kendra Petersen contributed to this report .	Ford says it will suspend advertising in News of the World pending the investigation Mumsnet , a leading website for mothers , is pulling Sky 's advertising from its website Calls for boycotts of News of the World appear on Facebook and Twitter Media analyst says long-term impact is likely to be small unless there is a domino effect
CNN  -- Few items inspire universal teenage angst quite like the school report card , that mishmash of letters and numbers that could periodically mean the difference between family praise and punishment . Sometimes , however , it can also inspire new business opportunities . A few years back , Boniface Githinji was studying computer science at the University of Nairobi . Shortly after his return home for the holidays , he ran into one of his neighbors who started complaining about his child doing what so many other kids around the world with bad grades resort to : hiding their report cards from their parents . This got the young Kenyan programmer thinking : "  I thought , we can actually come up with a solution to that problem , " says Githinji . "  Virtually every parent owns a cell phone in this country -- and that does n't have to be a smart phone to receive SMSs , " he adds . "  And so since I was doing computer science training on how to program and make software , we came up with a simple service to make it easy for these schools to send report cards by SMS . " That service has today become Sematime , a Nairobi-based SMS service provider . With just a click of a few buttons , schools can send report cards to parents on their mobile phones , allowing them to keep better track of their children 's education . In addition , schools can also use the platform to distribute exam results , fee balances and general communication messages . Githinji , 26 , says the service is designed to make parents become more involved . "  If you are not up on how your kid is performing in school , then that kid to some extent probably feels not loved , " he says . "  And then as a parent I want to know how my kid is performing so I can take some measures . I can go speak to the teacher and get to know why is he not performing well . " So far , more than 1,500 schools use Sematime , forming a huge percentage of the startup 's clientele base . The rest is composed of small and medium businesses in Nairobi , which use the service to send information , bills and invoices to large groups through text messages . Githinji , who started the company in 2011 , says the biggest problems initially were raising capital and convincing schools about the service . But he found a crucial ally in Nailab , a Nairobi-based startup accelerator that helps budding entrepreneurs develop their tech ideas . "  I probably would n't be here if it were n't for Nailab , " he says . "  It 's an organization that tends to start ups , people who want to do something but they do n't have the facilities , they do n't have the internet . " Githinji has had a pretty successful start . His company made about six million Kenyan shillings last year -- that 's about $ 68,000 . But even with his financial success so far , he remains grounded . "  In terms of feeling accomplished , I think it is a long , long way to that point , " says Githingi . "  It has not been as easy , the only thing that has been keeping us going on is a passion , " he adds . "  You have to have a passion for what you do because you have challenges ; sometimes you run out of money , sometimes customers run away from you . "  I think it is just beginning -- we have a thousand things we want to do and we ca n't wait to get started . " READ THIS : The African company that trumped Apple READ THIS : Orphans launch Rwandan Craigslist	26-year-old Boniface Githinji is the founder of Kenyan startup Sematime It 's an SMS service provider for schools and small and medium businesses Clients can send report cards , bills and invoices to large groups through text messages
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government will loosen restrictions on U.S. relations with Cuba within two weeks , the White House said Friday . "  Today , President Obama has directed the secretaries of State , Treasury , and Homeland Security to take a series of steps to continue efforts to reach out to the Cuban people in support of their desire to freely determine their country 's future , " the White House said in a written statement . The changes concern travel , non-family remittances and U.S. airports supporting licensed charter flights to and from Cuba . "  These measures will increase people-to-people contact ; support civil society in Cuba ; enhance the free flow of information to , from , and among the Cuban people ; and help promote their independence from Cuban authorities , " it said . "  The president believes these actions , combined with the continuation of the embargo , are important steps in reaching the widely shared goal of a Cuba that respects the basic rights of all its citizens . " Under the new regulations , religious organizations can sponsor religious travel to the island and institutions of higher education can sponsor travel to the island for course work for academic credit -- both under a general license . And licensing of educational exchanges not involving academic study pursuant to a degree program will be restored , it said . In addition , specifically licensed academic institutions will be able to sponsor academic seminars , conferences , and workshops related to Cuba and allow faculty , staff , and students to attend . Licensing also will be allowed for a greater scope of journalistic activities , it said . And any U.S. person will be able to send up to $ 500 every three months to non-family members in Cuba "  subject to the limitation that they can not be provided to senior Cuban government officials or senior members of the Cuban Communist Party . " Obama also directed that any U.S. international airport can apply to service licensed charters "  provided such airports have adequate customs and immigration capabilities and a licensed travel service provider has expressed an interest in providing service to and from Cuba from that airport . " Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , dismissed the move toward rapprochement . "  These changes will not help better human rights nor will they help Cubans free themselves of the tyranny that surrounds them , " she said in a written statement . The changes "  will just bring economic benefits to the Cuban regime , " she said . "  That 's really absurd , " responded Wayne Smith , former chief of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , in a telephone interview with CNN from Washington , where he directs the Center for International Policy 's Cuba Program . He described the changes as "  terrific , " but said the administration should go further by ending the half-century-old trade embargo . "  It really has n't done the slightest bit of good , " he said . "  Our whole policy has to be called a failure . It has not forced the Cubans to change . The best thing we can do is to have greater contact with the Cubans , a greater flow of people and ideas and so forth . You can have more impact that way than by trying to wall everybody off . " Smith noted that his group this week announced plans to hold a conference next week calling on the administration to lift the restrictions on academic travel and people-to-people travel , and a series of other steps . "  So , we 'll take full credit , " he said , laughing . "  We called on them to do it and , by golly , they have . " He added , "  I wish they 'd done it months ago , but better late than never . " CNN 's Arthur Brice and Tom Watkins contributed to this story	U.S. citizen will be able to send $ 500 every 3 months to Cubans not within government U.S. citizens will not need federal approval to take religious or educational trips to the island Ros-Lehtinen : The changes will just benefit the Cuban regime Wayne Smith : "  That 's really absurd "
ISIS has used videos of its shocking beheadings of Western hostages to seize the world 's attention , threatening the United States and its allies . But the Islamic militant group is also pushing its extremist views in a slick online magazine . The publication -- named "  Dabiq " after a town in northern Syria that symbolizes a clash between Islam and the West -- portrays U.S. President Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain as "  crusaders " who will "  bring about the complete collapse of the modern American empire . " It also carries images evoking apocalyptic battles between the Sunni extremist group 's fighters and the rest of the world -- including American soldiers enveloped in flames . By producing the magazine , ISIS is taking a leaf out of the book of its former ally al Qaeda , which has praised and advocated terrorist attacks in its glossy publication , Inspire . But experts say the two terrorist groups do n't appear to be aiming for the same goals through their propaganda . Inspire focuses more on practical advice for terrorists planning attacks , publishing guides on how to make bombs and get them onto planes . Dabiq "  is very different , " Seth Jones , a security analyst at the RAND Corporation , told CNN . "  This is encouraging people to come , to recruit and to join the army in Iraq and Syria -- and fight . " ' A global outreach strategy ' ISIS has already been exploiting the brutal tactics it used to grab control of large areas of Syria and Iraq for publicity purposes . The publication of Dabiq demonstrates that ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is "  looking not only to nearby areas for support , but is undertaking a global outreach strategy to recruit immigrants to build its state , " the Institute for the Study of War said in a recent report . It noted "  the sophistication and production value of the magazine . " ISIS has successfully recruited large numbers of foreign fighters from across the globe , including from the United States and Western Europe . A CIA source told CNN last week that more than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , have gone to the civil war in Syria . It was not immediately clear how many have joined ISIS and how many are with other groups opposed to the Syrian government . The foreign fighters come from more than 80 countries , the CIA source said . Article on Foley 's beheading Dabiq carries plenty of violent images , apparently aimed at luring jihadists . It has photos of the mutilated bodies of Muslims wounded and killed by Western forces and their allies -- but also pictures of ISIS 's own victims . The final section of its most recent issue is dedicated to the beheading of American journalist James Foley , the first of three Western captives whose killings the group has publicized . The article defends his murder as retribution for Western military campaigns in the Middle East . The magazine shows that ISIS , which is also known as ISIL , is paying close attention to what 's being said about it in the West , featuring an "  In the Words of the Enemy " section . In the first issue , it focuses on an article co-written by Douglas Ollivant , an Iraq combat veteran and key adviser on the surge in U.S. troops there under former President George W. Bush in 2007 . Ollivant , who appears regularly on CNN , is also described as a "  crusader . " He said he was "  perversely honored " that the terrorists were reading his work , but was also aware he was being "  incorporated into their propaganda . " "  We take them seriously , write about them seriously , and perversely they then twist this to their potential recruits and say ` Look , you know , American analysts take us seriously , ' " Ollivant told CNN . Feds : NY store owner plotted to send jihadists to Syria , kill U.S. troops himself	Images evoke apocalyptic battles between ISIS fighters and the rest of the world Expert : It 's part of "  a global outreach strategy to recruit immigrants to build its state " Named "  Dabiq , " the magazine calls Obama and McCain "  crusaders " The latest issue carries an article defending the killing of James Foley
Jerusalem  CNN  -- In a highly symbolic break with previous policy , Egypt reopened its border crossing into Gaza on Saturday , opening the door for Palestinians to the outside world and raising fears among some Israelis that militant attacks will increase . "  Procedures were excellent , " said Younes Ahmed , who described his travel into Egypt as the first such visit in his life . "  I hope there will be peace between our people and I want to thank the Egyptian people and the Egyptian government ... we always hope for easier ways for Palestinians because our people suffered enough . " Crossing officials said more than 600 Palestinians passed Saturday through the Rafah border , which had been subject to frequent closures by Egypt after Hamas , an Islamic militant group , took control of Gaza in June 2007 . The closure of the border had been part of an embargo policy by Egypt and Israel aimed at cutting off Hamas , though it simultaneously created an economic hardship in Gaza by limiting shipments of goods in and out of the country . Egypt opted to reopen the border to offer relief to the people of Gaza , said Ambassador Menha Bakhoum of the country 's foreign ministry . "  Today , we are facing a new stage , a new stage were this blockade is defeated , " said a Hamas representative at the crossing . "  This step is to support the resistance of the Palestinian people to face the Zionist blockade . " "  This is a Palestinian-Egyptian frontier and it 's not the business of the invaders , " said Salam Baraka , general director of border police . "  This border does not submit but to the Egyptian-Palestinian rule . " Palestinian Authority adviser and negotiator Nabil Shaath heralded the move by the government in Cairo , calling it a "  brave and bold decision " that demonstrated "  the new Egypt stands by the Palestinian people . " It was seen as a victory by many in the Hamas government of Gaza , which staged a celebration rally Saturday near the crossing . Some in Israel 's security establishment have privately expressed concerns that the increased traffic at Rafah could serve to allow more militants and weapons to cross in and out of Gaza and that it could ultimately serve to bolster the position of Hamas , which Israel and the United States consider a terrorist organization , but the Israeli government has said little publicly . Neither the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu nor the foreign ministry would publicly comment due to the sensitive nature of relations with Egypt . Sari Bashi , who serves as director of Gisha , an Israeli organization that advocates for Palestinian freedom of movement , welcomed the changes at the crossing and said Israel need not be overly concerned . "  It continues to prevent goods from traveling via Rafah and it also continues to limit travel to those listed in the Israeli-approved Palestinian population registry , " Bashi said of the new Egyptian policy . "  Egypt is allowing an incremental and welcome change , but it is still expressing its willingness to engage Israel and engage Israeli security concerns . " The Rafah crossing was open sporadically between June and January , when Egypt ordered it opened to those in need of medical care , students , and foreign passport and residency card holders . Among those people allowed to cross were those wounded during an Israeli assault aboard a flotilla of ships headed to Gaza last year . Rafah is one of two crossings through which Palestinians can exit Gaza ; the other is controlled by Israel and bars passage by most Palestinians save for those with emergency medical conditions . Since the flotilla raid , Israel has allowed a greater amount of goods to enter Gaza , but it still maintains a complete blockade of the airspace and territorial waters and has limited most exports . After Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak was forced from office , the interim government promised to reopen the border . CNN 's Paul Cosley and Talal Abu Rahmah contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Procedures were excellent , " says one middle-aged Palestinian on his first visit to Egypt More than 600 Palestinians made the crossing Saturday Egypt reopens its border with Gaza , opening access to Palestinians The border crossing was closed by Israel and Egypt in 2007 to cut off Hamas
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the first splinters of sunlight spread their warmth on the south bank of the River Thames on Thursday , it became clear that after more than a century , the vision of Victorian engineer Alexander Stanhope St. George had finally been realized . The Telectroscope lets Londoners and New Yorkers see each other in real time . In all its optical brilliance and brass and wood , there stood the Telectroscope : an 11.2-meter -  37 feet  long by 3.3-meter -  11 feet  tall dream of a device allowing people on one side of the Atlantic to look into its person-size lens and , in real time , see those on the other side via a recently completed tunnel running under the ocean .  Think 19th-century Webcam . Or maybe Victorian-age video phone . And all the credit goes to British artist Paul St. George . If he had not been rummaging through great-grandpa Alexander 's personal effects a few years ago , the Telectroscope might still exist only on paper , hidden away deep inside some old box . But fortunately , St. George could not bear that thought and thus decided he should be the one to finish what his great-grandfather had started . It was quite simply the right thing to do . Plus , it would make a pretty cool public art exhibit . Send us your videos , images or stories During the twilight hours Tuesday , massive dirt-covered metal drill bits miraculously emerged -- one by the Thames near the Tower Bridge and the other on Fulton Ferry Landing by the Brooklyn Bridge in New York -- completing the final sections of great-grandfather Alexander 's transatlantic tunnel . The drills were removed Wednesday night and replaced with identical Telectroscopes at both ends , allowing Londoners and New Yorkers to wake up Thursday , look over to the far and distant shore and stare at each other for a while  the telescope-like contraption permits visual but not vocal communication  . Of course , only part of this story is true . St. George is an artist in Britain who does have a grandfather -- minus the great prefix -- named Alexander . And the trans-Atlantic tunnel is really a trans-Atlantic broadband network rounded off on each end with HD cameras , according to Tiscali , an Italian Internet provider handling the technical side of the project . As for the Telectroscope , well , it was a fanciful idea that , according to St. George , came about from a typo made by a 19th-century reporter who misspelled Electroscope , a device used to measure electrostatic charges - as Telectroscope . "  The journalist also misunderstood what it was about and wrote in the article that it was a device for the suppression of absence , " St. George said . "  The accidental hope captured their imagination , and lots of people at the end of the 19th century thought it was a great idea . " The Telectroscope captured St. George 's imagination five years ago , when he began pondering how to do a project on the childhood fantasy of digging a hole to the opposite side of the Earth . And because the artist also happens to have an expertise in Victorian chronophotography -- a precursor to cinematography -- he had a slight idea of where to look for the proper equipment . "  We all have that idea in our head if we could make a tunnel to the other side of the Earth , " St. George said . "  But we are not all crazy enough to actually try and do it . " St. George was crazy enough to actually try and do it , but he realized he could not do the digging alone . So about two years ago , he pitched the idea to Artichoke , the British arts group responsible for taking the Sultan 's Elephant -- a 42-ton mechanical creature -- for a stroll through central London in 2006 . The company was immediately taken by St. George 's idea . "  The whole thing is about seeing what is real and what is n't real and how the world is , " said Nicki Webb , a co-founder of Artichoke . "  Is it nighttime when we are in daytime , and does it look familiar to us or not ? " When the sun illuminated the lens of the Telectroscope next to the Thames , it was , of course , still nighttime in New York . So the screen inside the scope broadcast back only an empty sidewalk silently framed by the Brooklyn Bridge and the Manhattan skyline . But then something miraculous occurred . A police officer and a street cleaner walked into the frame . Stopped . And waved . The Telectroscope will be on display and open to the public 24 hours a day in London and New York until June 15 . Artichoke is arranging requests to synchronize special reunions between friends and family or , the company hopes , maybe even a marriage proposal .	Telectroscope allows Londoners , New Yorkers to see each other in real time Giant scope was Victorian age idea , came about when reporter made typo Artist St. George inspired by childhood notion of digging to other side of Earth
Why in the world would Scott Brown , a former half-term Senator from Mitt Romney 's Massachusetts , put himself in the mix for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination ? The real question is : Why not ? When Brown told the Des Moines Register over the weekend that he was heading to the Iowa State Fair "  to determine whether there 's an interest in my brand of leadership and Republicanism , " the news was met with some amusement by political insiders . After all , Brown has already floated bids for New Hampshire senator and Massachusetts governor , and he does n't seem likely to pursue either . 2016 Watch : Scott Brown makes a stop in Iowa Brown was thumped by Elizabeth Warren in his 2012 re-election bid , and he became something of a punch line earlier this year after he unleashed a volley of questionable late night tweets at some online critics . But so what ? The truth is that in today 's media environment , there 's almost no downside for a long-shot "  candidate " like Brown to tell people he 's mulling a White House run . For someone with no real perch other than a paid gig at Fox News , it actually makes a lot of sense . Just by going to the Iowa State Fair , a must-do for any ambitious pol , Brown will be rewarded with the only currency that matters in modern campaign politics  other than hard fundraising dollars  : Buzz . "  Funnel cake and free name ID . What 's not to love ? " asked Will Ritter , a Boston-based GOP operative and former Mitt Romney adviser . "  How many stories got posted about Ed Markey 's legislative agenda yesterday ? It 's fun . Senator Brown 's a skilled retail politician and this gives him a platform to talk about a brand of Republicanism we could use more of . " For obsessive political watchers , Brown 's shamelessness about the whole enterprise is kind of refreshing . "  I do admire the audacity to just go to the state fair and tweet about it , " said Jeff Smith , a professor at the New School and regular contributor to the Washington Twitter conversation . Brown knows exactly what he 's doing . Scott Brown stirs speculation with New Hampshire visit It 's the same reason Iowa Rep. Steve King and New York Rep. Peter King  no relation ; not even close  are "  refusing to rule out " a 2016 bid . Will either of them be taking the oath of office one day ? Nope . But with so many news platforms to fill -- on television , on the web , on the radio -- a presidential trial balloon or a trip to Iowa is almost guaranteed to get you at least a crumb of media exposure , a boost in stature , and maybe even a few campaign contributions down the road . Just look at this month 's Family Leadership Summit , a gathering of social conservatives in Iowa that drew potential 2016 presidential contenders Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum to the first-in-the-nation caucus state . Both men seem likely to run for the Republican nomination , and both will be returning to Iowa over and over and over again in the coming years . But even if they do n't , the two conservatives proved how keeping one 's name in the 2016 conversation is its own reward . In their speeches , Cruz and Santorum issued a series of anti-Obama bromides and boosted their profiles with the grassroots activists who attended the Iowa summit . Neither Republican did a single thing to advance the news cycle other than board an airplane to Des Moines . Yet there they were , trailed at every turn by reporters from the Washington Post , Des Moines Register , Associated Press , New York Times , Dallas Morning News , Wall Street Journal , NBC News , ABC News and Fox News . Another Cruz trip to Iowa stokes 2016 speculation "  The focus on the 2016 presidential contest is completely ridiculous , and everybody knows it , " wrote David Weigel of Slate after witnessing the cattle call . Well , not completely . In our atomized media ecosystem , there 's certainly a market for niche political coverage , in the same way there 's a market for micro-reporting on the status of Robert Griffin III 's return from knee surgery . More importantly , the presidential cycle is starting earlier than it ever has , with advisers to likely candidates working behind the scenes to assemble campaign infrastructure and peddle dirt on their potential opponents . On the Republican side , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are driving national discussions about ideology and governance . Still , there 's a difference between running for president and "  running " for president , even though it 's sometimes difficult to tell the difference . Running for president requires hard work , an ungodly amount of fundraising effort , a professional team of advisers , polling , a paid media strategy , a voter contact operation and ballot access . See : Romney , Mitt . "  Running " for president means doing a lot of interviews and delivering some well-timed lines in debates . See : Cain , Herman . Which category does Scott Brown fall under ? For the moment , it would seem the latter . Looking at the 2016 GOP field , Christie probably has the Northeastern Republican lane all to himself , a prospect that would make it difficult for Brown to raise money . Before his Iowa trip , Brown met privately with Christie at the Republican National Committee 's summer conference in Boston , a meeting first reported by the New York Times . Christie raised money for Brown several times during his Senate tenure , and , according to one Christie insider , the two are "  very friendly . " Then there 's the fact that Brown , who supports some abortion rights , is n't exactly a hardliner on social issues that matter to so many Republican caucus-goers in Iowa . Even some of his former advisers are n't sure what he 's up to . Eric Fehrnstrom , the media strategist who crafted Brown 's truck-driving , regular-guy image during his stunning 2010 Senate upset , is not currently advising him , Republican sources told CNN . Asked by text message if he 's serious about a presidential bid , one Republican who talks to Brown often responded : "  Who knows . You should call him and ask . " "  He 's acting on his own , as far as I can tell , " another onetime adviser said in an e-mail . But what if Brown takes off ? What if he gains a toehold in New Hampshire , rises to high single digits in the polls sometime in 2015 , and gets invited to some Republican primary debates ? What if he rattles off a few good lines , has his moment in the sun , and then fades ? He will have lost absolutely nothing -- but gained a spot on some vice presidential short lists along with a hike in his post-campaign speaking fees . Another Republican who has spoken with Brown recently is n't surprised by the sudden interest in the presidential spotlight . Brown , this person said , is a relentlessly enthusiastic guy who still takes great pride in capturing Ted Kennedy 's old Senate seat . "  The fact that he is in Iowa does n't surprise me , " the Republican told CNN . "  In ' 16 , it 's not a bad idea to put your name out there and see where it takes you . He was enthusiastic about getting back in the national conversation . I could definitely anticipate this . "	There 's a difference between running for president and "  running " for president Scott Brown served part of one term in the Senate before losing his re-election bid There 's almost no downside in a politician saying he 's considering a presidential run Even some of his former advisers say they do n't know what Brown is up to
CNN Student News  -- November 5 , 2013 CNN Student News marks Election Day 2013 with a look at some races and referenda on different state ballots , and we take an early look at the next U.S. presidential election . We also report on statements made by and against Edward Snowden , and we discuss the rarity of last weekend 's hybrid solar eclipse . Plus , we examine accusations of player misconduct among some members of an NFL team . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might the media be discussing the 2016 presidential election at this point in time ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . referendum 2 . Edward Snowden 3 . solar eclipse Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What were some of the electoral events described in today 's program ? 2 . Who is Edward Snowden ? Why did he leave the United States ? 3 . If a solar flare occurs on the sun , about how long would it take to be seen through a telescope on Earth ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What qualifications do you look for in a presidential nominee ? Do you think that the current poll numbers for likely nominees will change significantly between now and the first presidential primary ? Why or why not ? 2 . What do you think about Edward Snowden 's actions ? Why do you think that some people see him as a whistleblower , while others see his actions as a threat to national security ? 3 . How would you characterize alleged misconduct by some members of the Miami Dolphins ? Do you think that other teams and levels of the sport  i.e. college , high school  have similar issues ? If so , are they out of bounds or just part of the game ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New Jersey ; Virginia ; Colorado FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN Student News  -- May 25 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Mexico Alaska ; Japan Waterloo , New York Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail . As viewers watched , Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started . Seconds later , several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him , just as a Humvee passed between the camera and the police , making social media churn with questions about what happened to Kent . Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Kent . He was still trying to get in touch with his client after Kent was released . "  He wanted me to tell people most that he does n't want violence in his name , " Beatty told CNN 's Don Lemon on Wednesday night . The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect and as authorities tried to prevent the kind of rioting -- part of protests over the death of Freddie Gray -- that plagued the city Monday . Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation , according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services . People on Twitter continued to circulate the name of Kent , a young activist , making #JosephKent and #WhereIsJosephKent hot topics . Investigators made 10 arrests in Baltimore on Tuesday night , city Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said . Seven were for curfew violations , he said . Beatty said he met with Kent on Wednesday afternoon . "  He said he 's physically OK , not injured . He 's safe in there , " Beatty said . But even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city 's booking center were released earlier in the day , Kent was not one of them . Beatty initially checked on Kent 's status , despite not officially representing him . He said Kent was just trying to help with getting people to go home when he was arrested . "  He went out there to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously , " Beatty said . "  And the last thing he wanted was any more violence , and he was trying to stop it . " Kent once was employed as an intern , through an outside company , at Morgan State University 's Entrepreneurial Development and Assistance Center , the school said Wednesday . But Kent is not a student there and , as far as the school can tell , never has been , MSU spokesman Clint Coleman said . A woman who answered the phone at the EDAC said that no one there was available to talk about Kent and that she 'd have no further comment . In November , the Baltimore City Paper ran a story about Kent , then 21 , and his participation in Baltimore protests over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the August shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . He helped lead protesters who walked through Morgan State 's campus and eventually to City Hall on November 25 , the newspaper reported . "  Everyone knows me at Morgan already , organizing and making sure everything  is  running the correct way and peaceful and everything like that , " he said , according to the City Paper 's article . "  So , everybody already knows I 'm going to do things the right way , so when everybody else and community people and civilians and people who joined and saw that the Morgan students were looking up to it , before you knew it , the whole city was on my back and I was just carrying the whole city . " Complete coverage on the Baltimore protests CNN 's Justin Lear , Evan Perez , Elan Bird and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Joseph Kent 's attorney says his client was released from jail Police in Baltimore detained Kent on live TV after start of curfew That triggered a wave of interest on social media
CNN  -- The Marine Corps has dropped charges against the commander of the Marine company involved in the 2005 killings of Iraqi civilians in Haditha , Iraq . Camp Pendleton 's commanding officer ordered charges dropped against Capt. Lucas McConnell . Capt. Lucas McConnell , who had been charged with dereliction of duty , was also granted immunity to ensure he cooperates with the investigation , the service said Tuesday . McConnell was one of four officers charged with failing to properly investigate and report the civilian deaths . Lt. Gen. James Mattis , the Marine commander in charge of the corps ' units in the Middle East , ordered the charges dismissed last week . "  Lt. Gen. Mattis determined that administrative measures are the appropriate response for any errors or omissions allegedly committed by McConnell , " according to a statement from the Marine Corps base at Camp Pendleton in California . Four Marines from McConnell 's unit were charged with murder in connection with the deaths of up to two dozen civilians in Haditha in November 2005 . Charges have been dropped against two of them -- one in exchange for his testimony and the other after a hearing officer decided he acted in accord with the rules of engagement . Two other officers -- Lt. Col. Jeffrey Chessani , the battalion commander , and 1st Lt. Andrew Grayson -- also face charges related to their response to the killings . Haditha , located along the Euphrates River northwest of Baghdad , was the target of several Marine campaigns aimed at rooting out insurgents from 2004 through 2006 . Prosecutors accused the Marines of going on a rampage after a roadside bomb killed one of their comrades , 20-year-old Lance Cpl. Miguel Terrazas , on November 19 , 2005 . A statement from the Marine Corps originally blamed the deaths on the roadside bomb , triggering a parallel investigation into how commanders handled the incident . E-mail to a friend	Capt. Lucas McConnell was accused of poor investigating , reporting of deaths Two other officers face charges related to their response to the killings Incident killed up to two dozen civilians in Haditha , Iraq , in November 2005
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The political turmoil in Egypt and Tunisia has European tour operators scrambling to divert package tours to more stable destinations , and several thousand tourists have already been re-routed to beaches in Spain , a Spanish tourism industry official told CNN . "  We ca n't be happy about unfortunate circumstances elsewhere , " said Rafael Gallego Nadal , president of the Spanish Federation of Travel Agency Associations . "  But the increase  in tourists  has arrived at an important moment " as Spain recovers from a deep economic slump . In addition to the few thousand extra British , German and Scandinavian holidaymakers who 've already arrived in Spain 's Canary Islands , predictions are there could be tens of thousands of additional vacationers by May , Gallego said . For now , the seven-island Canaries archipelago , located in the Atlantic Ocean just west of Morocco , is the only part of Spain that can compete directly with Egypt and Tunisia for the beach vacation business in winter . But if the political uncertainty continues in North Africa into the spring and summer , the package tours diverted from those destinations to Spain 's Mediterranean coast and islands could involve hundreds of thousands of additional tourists this year , Gallego said . Tunisia 's beaches have been a prime destination for French tourists , Gallego said , and some of them could be diverted to Spain 's coasts by next summer as well . Russian and Eastern European tourists who had holiday tours set for Egypt or Tunisia may instead go in greater numbers to Turkey , Gallego said , based on information that he said is making the rounds among tour operators and travel agencies . Egypt had nearly 12 million international tourist arrivals in 2009 , compared with nearly 7 million for Tunisia , and 52 million for Spain , which is among the world 's top four tourist destinations , along with France , the United States and China , the United Nations World Tourism Organization reports . Spain 's Canary Islands had 11 million tourists , including foreigners and Spaniards , in 2010 , a three percent increase over 2009 . The extra tourists now diverted from Egypt and Tunisia are helping the Canaries to recover , said Gallego , who is based in Las Palmas on the Gran Canaria island . But diverting package tours from North Africa to Spain or other locations is not always an instant maneuver . A package tour in the Canary Islands costs about 30 percent more than a similar beach holiday in Egypt or Tunisia , Gallego said . So hard-fought negotiations over prices have ensued , in which the Spanish hotel operators may agree to a lower price which still turns out to be more than the tour operator and individual tourist were going to pay in Egypt or Tunisia , Gallego said .	Spain is one of the top four tourist destinations Thousands more tourists could be rerouted to Spain this year The numbers could boost the Spanish economy Hotel owners may have to agree to less expensive rates
CNN  Manchester United 's Louis van Gaal and Sunderland 's Gus Poyet were the latest managers to criticize the heavy Premier League schedule during the festive period but while the duo lamented their teams playing four games in 13 days , fans in England and around the world continue to enjoy the action on offer . The Premier League is , after all , the only major football league not to shut down over the holidays . Some supporters had more reason to cheer than others , and on that note , here 's a look at the winners and losers in the Premier League during its busiest time of the season . Winners Manchester City : One of the standout results over the Christmas period had to be defending champion Manchester City slumping to a 2-2 draw with Burnley -- at home and after holding a 2-0 second-half lead . But that was the lone blemish for Manuel Pellegrini 's men , despite nearly squandering another two-goal advantage at home to Sunderland on New Year 's Day . City collected 10 of 12 points , scoring 11 goals in the process without talismanic striker Sergio Aguero . City was also without the services of the perhaps equally influential Vincent Kompany in the heart of the defense . Once eight points behind Chelsea , City and the Londoners are now level atop the table . Tottenham : Harry Kane proved to be a hurricane that stormed past Chelsea on Thursday . He scored twice , assisted on another and won a penalty in the stunning 5-3 victory over a team that had previously had Tottenham 's number . With fellow strikers Roberto Soldado and Emmanuel Adebayor continuing to misfire , his emergence has come at the right time for Tottenham . Kane , Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen make for an impressive attacking trio . Tottenham -- like City -- earned three wins and a draw to climb to fifth , only two points behind Southampton in the race for the final Champions League spot in England . Southampton : A freefall down the table , some would have said , was inevitable for the Saints after they lost five straight games heading into the Christmas rush . Yet Southampton turned it around in a hurry , gathering 10 points . It beat the struggling duo of Everton and Crystal Palace prior to drawing Chelsea and downing Arsenal . Sure the referee might have helped Southampton against Chelsea -- not awarding a seemingly clear penalty to the visitor -- but Southampton bossed proceedings against Arsenal . For all the talk this season of striker Graziano Pelle and midfielder Dusan Tadic , do n't forget the work of fullbacks Ryan Bertrand and Nathaniel Clyne . Hull City : Winless in 10 games , Hull manager Steve Bruce was hoping for respite on Boxing Day against Sunderland . When Adam Johnson scored for the Black Cats in the first minute , though , it seemed like more bad luck was on the way for Hull . Hull , however , rallied for a 3-1 win and better form followed . After somehow losing to Leicester 1-0 -- hitting the post twice and firing 19 shots -- the Tigers eased past Everton 2-0 to rise to 15th . Burnley : How could a team that amassed a mere two points in four games be a ` winner , ' you ask ? Well , Burnley , seemingly doomed for relegation in October , showed plenty of grit even with a thin squad -- manager Sean Dyche named the same starting XI in all four games . The lack of rotation cost Dyche on Thursday , since he had to make three injury enforced subs within 40 minutes , but Burnley still rallied three times to draw Newcastle away 3-3 . As if coming back against City was n't enough . The two losses were narrow defeats to Spurs and Liverpool . If Eibar is a sentimental favorite in La Liga , Burnely -- now a point off safety -- is the Premier League equivalent . Losers Everton : The honeymoon period is over for Roberto Martinez . Adored by the Everton fans last season -- enjoying success with a more attractive style than David Moyes ' methodical approach -- Martinez 's team lost all four games . It scored in only one of them . Lingering near a Champions League place early in the season , Everton now finds itself a mere four points above the relegation zone . West Bromwich Albion : Moyes ' former assistant at Everton , Alan Irvine , did n't last long in his first stint as manager , getting fired after the sagging Baggies lost 2-0 to Stoke . But here 's good news for the West Brom faithful : Tony Pulis is on the way . Pulis has never been relegated as a manager and is the reigning manager of the season in the Premier League , working wonders at Crystal Palace before leaving the Eagles on the eve of the current campaign . Crystal Palace : Irvine was n't the first manager to go in the Premier League this season . That ` honor ' went to Neil Warnock at Palace following a 3-1 home defeat to Southampton on Boxing Day . Warnock 's second stint in charge at Selhurst Park started well enough but the team has won once since late September . Warnock said publicly that Palace needed strikers and it 's not difficult to see why with a return of 20 goals . In the last seven , Palace has netted twice . Former Palace midfielder Alan Pardew is set to take over from Warnock . Aston Villa : When Aston Villa won three of its four first league games this season , relegation troubles appeared to be an afterthought . And despite Villa still being five points above the bottom three , it 's hard to imagine its fans content . Palace 's dearth in front of goal is nothing compared to Villa , which has scored 11 times in 20 games . In three draws and a loss in the past fortnight , the Birmingham-based club found the back of the net once . Chelsea : The festive period began perfectly for Chelsea . Playing at one of the toughest grounds in England , the Blues beat Stoke 2-0 . Then came another 2-0 win , against a then in-form West Ham . Chelsea looked unstoppable . But slip-ups ensued at Southampton and Tottenham , with Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho not happy with the referee on both occasions . A Mourinho team has always won the league when it has led at the end of a year , but Chelsea 's dip has given Manchester City hope .	Chelsea dropped five points in its last two games during the festive period But Manchester City prospered in the Premier League , taking 10 of 12 points Other teams to excel included Harry Kane 's Tottenham and Southampton Everton , Crystal Palace and West Bromwich Albion all struggled , though
CNN  -- The outrage came hard and fast after a 3-year-old girl badly scarred and wearing an eye patch because of a pit bull attack was apparently asked to leave a KFC restaurant because her appearance upset other customers . After social media users opened fire on the restaurant , calling for a boycott , the apology from the chain came quickly too . The company said it will donate $ 30,000 to assist with the girl 's medical bills . "  The entire KFC family is behind Victoria , " company spokesman Rick Maynard said . ` Her face is disrupting our customers ' Victoria Wilcher was mauled by three pit bulls a few months ago , causing her to need regular medical treatment . After a doctor 's visit last week , grandmother Kelly Mullins took the child to a KFC in Jackson , Mississippi . "  I ordered a large sweet tea and her some mashed potatoes and gravy because she was hungry , " Mullins told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  She was on a feeding tube at the time , but I figured she could just swallow  the potatoes  . They just told us , they said , ` We have to ask you to leave because her face is disrupting our customers . '  Victoria  understood exactly what they said . " Victoria cried all the way home , Mullins said . "  She 's got a lot of surgeries to go through and she wo n't even look in the mirror anymore , " Mullins told WAPT . "  When we go to a store , she does n't even want to get out  of the car  . She 's 3 years old and she 's embarrassed about what she looks like . She 's embarrassed and I hate it because she should n't be . It ai n't her fault . " Anger online Victoria 's family recounted the incident in a Facebook page set up to raise money for her medical expenses . "  Does this face look scary to you ? " the family posted on the Victoria 's Victories Facebook page . "  I personally will never step foot in another KFC again and will be personally writing the CEO . " The anger spread . "  As soon as we were notified of this report Friday , we immediately began an investigation , as this kind of hurtful and disrespectful action would not be tolerated by KFC , " the company said . "  Regardless of the outcome of our investigation , we have apologized to Victoria 's family and are committed to assisting them . " A horrible attack Authorities said Victoria was attacked in April while visiting her grandfather , from whom Kelly Mullins is divorced . One of the dogs ripped open the front door and two other dogs dragged her into the backyard , WAPT reported . The dogs bit the girl all over , but especially on the face . She has severe facial scars and lost sight in her right eye and the ability to move the right side of her face , Mullins told WAPT . She wears an eye patch with a cartoon character on it . The three dogs that attacked Victoria were killed . The grandfather , Donald Mullins , and his girlfriend were arrested on child endangerment charges , WAPT reported . Meanwhile , the Facebook page got lots of attention , with almost 49,000 "  likes " by early Monday morning .	Victoria Wilcher was attacked by three pit bulls in April Last week her grandmother took her to a KFC in Jackson , Mississippi A restaurant employee said the girl 's scars scared other customers , the grandmother said KFC is investigating and will donate $ 30,000 to Victoria 's treatment
CNN  -- It turns out going to the moon is a tough act to follow . Astronaut Buzz Aldrin walks on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 . For all their Buck Rogers , "  Right Stuff , " history-making achievements , the question for many of the 12 astronauts who walked on the lunar surface starting four decades ago ultimately became "  one giant leap to where , exactly ? " "  You have your peak experience at 38 or 39 , " says space historian Andrew Chaiken , summing up their collective experience , "  and -LSB- they -RSB- have a hard time coming up with something to do for an encore . " Apollo 11 lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , on July 16 , 1969 . Four days later , the first two humans walked on the lunar surface ; 10 more Americans followed by the end of 1972 . In the 40 years since the Apollo program first took humans to the moon , the astronauts ' lives have taken diverse paths . Almost all had been military test pilots before joining NASA ; in later life , they found themselves ministers , politicians and conspiracy buffs . Some struggled with common issues : Many of their marriages fell apart and alcoholism affected at least one . In possibly the most extreme case of post-Apollo readjustment , Buzz Aldrin -- the second human being to set foot on the moon -- became a car salesman in Texas . "  Not very successfully , " the 79-year old Aldrin quickly acknowledges . The Apollo 11 lunar module pilot 's post-flight battles against depression and alcoholism have been well-documented , most recently in his own memoir , "  Magnificent Desolation . " As for a brief stint hawking Cadillacs in the late 1970s , Aldrin told CNN Radio , "  Most people who have received a degree of public recognition find themselves financially pretty well off . Does n't happen to be the case with astronauts . " Others took more existential , even spiritual , approaches to dealing with their lunar experiences . Apollo 15 Lunar Module Pilot Jim Irwin left NASA and became a Baptist minister . Apollo 14 crewman Edgar Mitchell spent years investigating possible extraterrestrial life ; in April , he went public with claims of a government cover-up . Apollo 12 moonwalker Alan Bean , now 77 , has spent the intervening decades since his 1969 landing putting his impressions of the lunar experience on canvas . "  That 's How It Felt To Walk on the Moon " is the title of one his paintings , which now fetch starting-prices of $ 20,000 . "  These paintings are the only paintings in history from anywhere else but this Earth , " Bean told CNN . Not all the Apollo astronauts ' post-flight journeys have been so ethereal . America 's first man in space , Alan Shepard , who later walked on the moon in 1971 's Apollo 14 mission , became a millionaire businessman . Apollo 17 's Harrison Schmitt -- a geologist at the time , and the only scientist to make the lunar journey -- served a term as U.S. senator from New Mexico , but was defeated in a run for re-election in 1982 . Apollo 11 command module pilot Michael Collins served as a top official at the Smithsonian Institution and its National Air and Space Museum . And the first man to leave footprints in the lunar dust , Apollo 11 Commander Neil Armstrong -- aside from geologist Schmitt , the only other civilian in the collection of moonwalkers -- later sat on several corporate boards and the presidential commission that investigated the 1986 Challenger space shuttle disaster . Armstrong is also known for a series of disputes over autographs , which he long ago stopped signing because he discovered his signature was being sold for profit . He also sued Hallmark in 1994 for featuring his famous "  One small step " quote in a space-themed Christmas ornament . News reports say the suit was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount . Armstrong 's haircuts also became famous . In 2005 , he threatened legal action after learning his longtime barber had sold a lock of his hair for $ 3,000 . All part of the territory , says Chaiken . His book "  Voices From the Moon " is based upon interviews with the surviving Apollo astronauts , and he concludes there 's no "  lunar syndrome " that 's sent the moonwalkers down paths odder than any dozen former colleagues in other lines of work . "  I think the whole subject of the effects of going to the moon is something that gets overstated , " Chaiken says . If there is a common emotion among the astronauts , four decades after the Apollo achievement , it may be simple disappointment over space exploration -- or the lack of it . "  It 's all fallen apart , " Aldrin says , talking about what may prove a half-century gap between American lunar landings . "  We have just taken the wrong pathway . " Chaiken agrees this is a near-universal astronaut refrain . "  They really have never expected that it would be this long . That here we would be -- 40 years after the first moon landing -- still wondering when humans will return to the moon . I think they 're all frustrated by that . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	A dozen men walked on the moon , and each later followed a different path Historian says they have a "  hard time coming up with something to do for an encore " Buzz Aldrin briefly worked as a car salesman in Texas Neil Armstrong sued Hallmark over its use of his "  one small step " quote
CNN  -- Get used to hearing the name Georgina Haig . Up until now , the actress has been best known for her work on the sci-fi TV series "  Fringe , " but all that is about to change . Haig , 28 , has been cast as Queen Elsa on ABC 's "  Once Upon a Time " series . The show features fairy-tale characters living in a small town in Maine . Disney is the parent company of ABC , and with the mega-success of its animated film "  Frozen , " there was little doubt that some of those characters would eventually be incorporated into the ABC series . It was recently announced that "  Greek " actor Scott Michael Foster had been cast to play the role of Kristoff , the rugged mountain man who befriends Queen Elsa 's younger sister , Anna , who 'll be played by newcomer Elizabeth Lail . But fans were still eagerly waiting to learn who would play the role of Queen Elsa of Arendelle , a part that 's voiced by Idina Menzel in the animated film . The arrival of the character was revealed during the show 's May finale . Haig is an Australian actress who appeared in the critically acclaimed series "  Underbelly " in her native country . On the U.S. TV series "  Fringe , " she played Henrietta  Etta  Bishop , the daughter of two of the show 's main characters and an active member of the Resistance . The actress is also appearing in the new CBS drama series "  Reckless , " which premiered in June . She recently tweeted a link to a story about the announcement of her "  Once Upon a Time " casting and added one word : "  excited ! " What do you think ? Is Haig a good choice to play Queen Elsa ?	Georgina Haig will play Queen Elsa on the show She is from Australia Haig is also appearing in the CBS show "  Reckless "
BARCELONA , Spain  CNN  -- Google launched the latest salvo in the cellphone wars Tuesday with the unveiling of the newest handset to carry its Android platform . Google 's Android platform goes head to head with Apple 's iPhone . Unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Vodafone 's HTC Magic smartphone will make its European bow in the UK , Spain , France and Germany in the coming months . In Italy it will be available under a non-exclusive contract . The Google-run handsets are regarded as the chief rivals to Apple 's iPhones in the battle for the next generation of mobile devices . Google 's latest foray into the cell phone market is seen by many as the beginnings of the Internet giant 's attempts to dominate the industry . Some have expressed concerns that cell phone manufacturers , network operators and users will have little control over what data Google will be able to utilise from its software . Among critics is the LiMo Foundation , representing Linux-based operating system LiMo , which has launched its own cell phone platform , according to Congress organizer Groupe Speciale Mobile Association 's daily newsletter . "  A lot of operators still harbor some questions over whether they will have the control over services and how much of the data that is going out and coming from a Google device goes to Google and how much to you -LSB- the operator -RSB- , " LiMo 's Andrew Shikiar told Mobile Business Briefing . Users of both the Apple and Google models can download applications developed by third-parties from open-source software , potentially giving them the capability of small handheld computers . The first Android-capable handset , the G1 , was launched last year . It partnered with T-Mobile for its UK launch , its first foray into the European market . The HTC Magic includes a 3.2-inch QVGA touch screen display , navigational buttons and a trackball . It also comes with several Google applications including Google Mail , Google Maps and Google Search as well as YouTube , which is owned by Google . Andy Rubin , Senior Director of Mobile Platforms at Google , said that the launch of the HTC Magic was an important step for Android . "  With it , Vodafone is opening up the mobile web for consumers across Europe and giving more third-party developers a platform on which they can build the next wave of killer applications , " Rubin said . CNN 's Adrian Finighan , who is at the congress , said that as an iPhone user he had spent much of his time at this year 's event looking for something to rival his device . "  The Magic is , well , magic ! I think I 've found it . It really is the first device that I could consider swapping my beloved Apple device for . "	Vodafone 's HTC Magic handset will launch in western Europe in the next few months The first Android-capable handset , T-Mobile 's G1 , was launched last year New device includes a 3.2-inch touch screen display , navigational buttons , trackball
The extremist group ISIS "  probably " wo n't be defeated under the current Obama administration , Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday . "  This , as the President has said , is going to have to be a sustained effort , " Blinken said . "  It 's going to take time , and it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat . " Who is the ISIS ? After the beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff by ISIS militants , Obama faced a chorus of bipartisan calls from Congress to act more aggressively and come up with a concrete strategy to combat ISIS , beyond the ongoing targeted airstrikes in Iraq . Nudges from Congress Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson announced on Tuesday that he plans to introduce legislation making it clear the President has the authority for airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . Rep. Frank Wolf , a Republican from Virginia , said he plans to offer an even broader measure that gives the President the power to use military force against international terrorists . Last week , the Senate 's top Republican told CNN that he would support congressional authorization for a new , broadened strategy to go after ISIS . "  In all likelihood , it would make sense for  President Obama  to get our support , " said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . "  It 's pretty clear ISIS is a serious threat . They have the potential to hit us here at home . " Still , House Speaker John Boehner is putting the onus on the President to present a strategy before Congress acts . "  The President is the commander in chief ... and it 's his responsibility as the chief executive to outline a plan that will protect American interests , protect American lives -- both at home and abroad , " Boehner said in a radio interview this week . "  Until the President is willing to lay out a plan , the Congress has very few options ahead of it , " Boehner said . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy echoed the Speaker 's concerns . "  First and foremost ... the President has to have a strategy. , " McCarthy said Wednesday on the Hugh Hewitt radio show . "  I mean what is our foreign policy ? I do n't know what it is and if we do n't know what it is and our allies do n't know , and our enemies do n't know so they are pushing the envelope . " Why it took Obama so long to address his no ISIS strategy comments Clarifying his position Speaking Wednesday , Obama addressed his much criticized statement last week that he has no strategy on ISIS in Syria . He said he was referring to a military strategy in Syria that "  might " require congressional approval . "  Our objective is clear . That is to degrade and destroy  ISIS  so it 's no longer a threat , " he said . "  We can accomplish that . It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort . " Biden warns ISIS : ` We will follow them to the gates of hell ' The President said the world needs a regional strategy to defeat the group . "  We 've been putting together a strategy that was designed to do a number of things ... What we have to make sure is we have a regional strategy in place , " he said . Opinion : We need to think outside the box on ISIS	NSA 's Tony Blinken says ISIS "  probably " wo n't be defeated under Obama 's watch "  It will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat , " he tells CNN Obama says U.S. has a clear objective against ISIS
CNN  -- "  The fastest man in rugby " could soon be showing his sprinting skills in the NFL after the Detroit Lions signed United States sevens international Carlin Isles . Isles was a college sprinter in the 60 meters at Ashland United and has completed the 40-yard dash in under 4.3 seconds . His fastest 100m time of 10.13 s would have qualified for the semifinals at the London 2012 Olympics . A winger in rugby , he will be a wide receiver in the Lions ' practice squad . The 24-year-old , who took up rugby in 2012 , was given his chance following a trial after tight end Matt Veldman was promoted to the Lions ' active roster . "  If you want to develop one of those guys you have to give some guys a chance here or there and this was an opportunity to be able to do that because of the way our roster is and bringing some of the guys up that we have , we have a spot open , " Lions coach Jim Schwartz told the NFL 's team website . The move does not mean Isles will pack in rugby altogether as he confirmed on his official Twitter account that he will be taking part in the next round of the Sevens World Series in Las Vegas on January 24-26 . "  Rugby is quite similar to American football , " Isles told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show last month . "  Besides the blocking and no pads , the tackling is similar . But American football you 've got breaks -- rugby , you do n't have no breaks , you 've got to keep running and running . " Isles , who played gridiron at high school and college in Ohio before becoming a professional athlete , is n't the first player from another sport to attempt the transition . Indianapolis Colts gave former rugby union player Daniel Adongo two games earlier this year , while Lawrence Okoye , a discus thrower at the 2012 Olympics , is on the books of the San Francisco 49ers . "  He 's a legit track guy , " said Schwartz of Isles . "  I mean , his background happened to be rugby , but it 's probably more track and that speed -- that 's not unusual at all to see track athletes get chances . " And the Lions coach is confident Isles can successfully make the switch . "  An athlete 's an athlete , " said Schwartz . "  There are skills that you can develop , and if you see something you like then you can work with him . "  I think our personnel department does a really good job of searching that . There 's a lot of layers to stuff like that , but whether it 's a rugby player or a basketball player , if they can bring something to the table that is unique and make it worth working with them then we 're open to it . " The Lions are looking to improve next year after a disappointing campaign in which the team has dropped from a 6-3 record to 7-8 ahead of this weekend 's regular-season finale against Minnesota Vikings .	Detroit Lions sign United States rugby sevens international Carlin Isles Isles impressed after being invited to a routine workout with the NFL side He has been signed as a wide receiver for the Lions ' practice squad
CNN  As further proof that you can now 3D-print anything , a company called Natural Machines has introduced a 3D printer for food . The "  Foodini , " as it 's called , is n't too different from a regular 3D printer , but instead of printing with plastics , it deploys edible ingredients squeezed out of stainless steel capsules : "  It 's the same technology , " says Lynette Kucsma , co-founder of Natural Machines , "  but with plastics there 's just one melting point , whereas with food it 's different temperatures , consistencies and textures . Also , gravity works a little bit against us , as food does n't hold the shape as well as plastic . " The Barcelona-based startup behind the machine says it 's the only one of its kind capable of printing a wide range of dishes , from sweet to savory . "  In essence , this is a mini food manufacturing plant shrunk down to the size of an oven , " Kucsma said , pointing out that at least in the initial stage the printer will be targeted mostly at professional kitchen users , with a consumer version to follow , at a projected retail price of around $ 1,000 . In principle , the Foodini sounds like the ultimate laziness aid : press a button to print your ravioli . But Natural Machines is quick to point out that it 's designed to take care only of the difficult and time-consuming parts of food preparation that discourage people from cooking at home , and that it promotes healthy eating by requiring fresh ingredients prepared before printing . Nevertheless , the company is working with major food manufacturers to create pre-packaged plastic capsules that can just be loaded into the machine to make food , even though they assure these will be free of preservatives , with a shelf life limited to five days . The printing process is slow , but faster than regular 3D printing . Other than being capable of creating complex designs , such as very detailed cake decorations or food arranged in unusual shapes , the Foodini can be useful for recipes that require precision and dexterity , like homemade pizza or filled pasta . Currently , the device only prints the food , which must be then cooked as usual . But a future model will also cook the preparation and produce it ready to eat . The idea also comes with a social element too . "  There 's a touchscreen on the front that connects to a recipe site in the cloud , so it 's an internet-of-things , connected kitchen appliance , " said Kucsma . Users will also be able to control the device remotely using a smartphone , and share their recipes with the community . That is , if people do n't balk at the idea of eating printed food . "  We have done tests and everybody liked the food , " explains Kucsma . "  Take the microwave oven , for example : in the 70s , people were a bit fearful about it , they thought food could be poisoned with radiation or something , but fast forward 30 years , and there 's one in every household . This is real food , with real fresh ingredients , it 's just prepared using a new technology . " The company is completing a round of financing and plans to begin mass manufacturing in the second half of 2015 . Read more from Make . Create , Innovate : Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Digital nose can sniff out cancer The race is on for flying cars	"  Foodini " is a machine that uses 3D printing technology to create meals It uses normal ingredients that must be loaded into stainless steel capsules It is controlled via a touchscreen device that connects to the Internet It will be available in late 2015 with a price tag of around $ 1,000
EW.com  -- After a Friday night showdown that heavily tipped the scales in favor of the survival-horror thriller "  The Purge : Anarchy , " "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " came back strong this weekend to take the No. 1 spot at the box office . The "  Apes " sequel , starring motion-capture master Andy Serkis as the hyper-evolved higher primate named Caesar , collected $ 36 million for the weekend , according to Sunday estimates . Meanwhile , "  The Purge : Anarchy , " a follow-up to last year 's nightmare-inducer about a 12-hour period when no crime is illegal , garnered only $ 28.3 million . "  The Purge " was n't entirely beloved by its terror-craving audience , getting only a B from the polling firm Cinemascoreâ $ " compared to the A-minus received by "  Apes . " So-so word-of-mouth may have led to the Saturday stumble . It 's still a terrific opening for the Universal horror movie , which cost only $ 9 million to make  compared to an estimated $ 170 million budget for the "  Apes " film , which has earned back only $ 138 million domestically so far .  The winner there is obvious . Mark Romanek in talks to direct ` Shining ' prequel "  Apes " is off to a strong start after only two weeks , however , and if it can maintain that it will stand as one of the stronger films of summer . For a while on Friday , it seemed "  Purge " would take not just the spoils but the title as well . The movie earned $ 13 million from Friday night showings , compared to "  Apes ' " lackluster $ 10.4 million , a 62 percent drop from its opening night a week before . But "  Apes " rallied big time on Saturday , earning $ 14.8 million to "  Purge 's " $ 9.5 million , which was a 27 percent drop from its opening night . The writing was on the wall : the "  Apes " had it . The No. 3 slot went to "  Planes : Fire & Rescue , " a DisneyToon Studios sequel to last year 's family comedy about adventurous airplanes , spun-off from Pixar 's "  Cars " universe . With only $ 18 million -- $ 4 mil less than the first "  Planes " -- that 's a pretty bad stall for a family movie in the middle of summer . It 's low Friday gross of $ 6.3 million seemed like it may simply have been a reflection that not many adults turned out on opening night for kiddie fare . But then "  Fire & Rescue " did n't do much better during family-friendly matinee hours of Saturday , earning $ 6.6 million . The Cinemascore rating was an A , so those who did turn out enjoyed what they saw . The same ca n't be said for Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel 's "  Sex Tape , " which nabbed a dismal C-plus Cinemascore , and opened in fourth place with only $ 15 million . Diaz had been on a comedy hot-streak lately , and this raunchy slapstick about a couple trying to prevent their friends and family from seeing an accidentally-uploaded boudoir video seemed like it would be primed to continue the trend . Critical Mass : Is this a ` Sex Tape ' you 'd pay to see ? But there was no "  Bad Teacher " here . Just bad . Critics were cruel , and audiences did n't disagree . "  Director Jake Kasdan , who also helmed ` Bad Teacher ' ... does n't quite seem to know what tone he 's going for , and the last half of the movie veers wildly between crude hard-R comedy and warm-hearted teachable moments . Blessedly , it 's also short , " wrote EW 's Leah Greenblatt . In limited release , Zach Braff 's partially Kickstarter-donation-funded "  Wish I Was Here " opened in 68 theaters and earned $ 495,000 for a relatively strong $ 7,300 per screen . "  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind " director Michel Gondry 's whimsical French dramedy "  Mood Indigo " collected $ 25,100 in two locations , for an average of 12,550 per screen . The philosophical sci-fi saga "  I Origins " earned $ 28,700 in four locations , for an average of $ 7,175 , while "  Persecuted , " a paranoid thriller about a preacher framed for murder , straddled the wide-release/limited-release framework by launching in 736 theaters , but earning only $ 959,000 , or $ 1,300 per screen . Here 's the top five : 1 . "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " -- $ 36 million weekend  $ 138 domestic total 2 . "  The Purge : Anarchy " â $ " $ 28.3 million weekend  new 3 . "  Planes : Fire & Rescue " -- $ 18 million weekend  new 4 . "  Sex Tape " -- $ 15 million weekend  new 5 . "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " -- $ 10 million weekend  $ 227.2 million domestic total See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " was again No. 1 at the box office It beat new thriller "  The Purge : Anarchy , " which was No. 2 Cameron Diaz 's new comedy "  Sex Tape " opened in fourth place
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also hosts a conservative national radio talk show . Glenn Beck says conservation wo n't solve energy crisis , and we need more oil drilling in the U.S. NEW YORK  CNN  -- Call our politicians and tell them to stay on vacation . Call the caribou roaming in Alaska and tell them they 're safe . Call the Saudi king and tell him what you really think of his oil . I , Glenn Beck , a recovering alcoholic rodeo clown , have come up with a solution to America 's energy crisis ... and you 're wearing it . Look at yourself right now . You 've probably got on a shirt , socks , shoes , jewelry , maybe even some pants . Do you have any idea how much all of that weighs ? If people really loved America , they would strip down , leave their clothes at home , and drive around buck naked . That would decrease the weight of our cars , which would increase our gas mileage so dramatically that we probably would n't have to drill for any new oil ! Genius , right ? Of course , my idea has about as much of a chance to make a real difference in our energy crisis as the suggestion that Barack Obama recently made . "  Making sure your tires are properly inflated , simple thing , " Obama said . "  But we could save all the oil that they 're talking about getting off drilling , if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups . You could actually save just as much . " When The Associated Press asked Obama 's campaign for the figures they used to make that claim , they could n't produce any -- but plenty of other people have . It turns out that about two-thirds of vehicles already have properly inflated tires . That means we 'd likely save somewhere around 800,000 barrels of oil a day if everyone else also complied . Meanwhile , the U.S. Minerals Management Service estimates that there are about 86 billion barrels of oil in the areas that we 're not allowed to drill . You do the math . But , facts aside , Obama seemed to be stunned that Republicans would dare ridicule an idea as revolutionary as checking your tire pressure . "  They 're making fun of a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption , " he complained . No , what they 're making fun of is that a guy who , less than two months earlier , was against the gas tax holiday because it was a "  gimmick , " has suddenly embraced what is essentially a gimmick . No one , including John McCain , disputes that keeping your tires inflated will help you get better gas mileage . But so will emptying your trunk , buying a hybrid , not using the heat , and driving naked . The point is that none of those things are solutions ; they 're unsustainable gimmicks that distract people from solving the underlying crisis . They 're also exactly the type of things that Obama once claimed he was against . But , of course , the adoring mainstream media does n't want to talk about that , they just want to defend Obama 's honor . Michael Grunwald recently wrote an article titled , "  The Tire-Gauge Solution : No Joke , " that probably would 've been harsher on Obama if it was written by Barack himself . It 's more love-sonnet than journalism . "  Meanwhile , " he wrote , "  efficiency experts say that keeping tires inflated can improve gas mileage 3 percent and regular maintenance can add another 4 percent . Many drivers already follow their advice , but if everyone did , we could immediately reduce demand several percentage points . In other words : Obama is right . " Of course he 's right ; he 's Barack Obama , savior of the universe ! But one phrase that he used deserves a little more attention : "  but if everyone did . " "  But if everyone " donated their organs then people would n't die waiting for them . "  But if everyone " ate only lettuce then our health care system would be fixed . "  But if everyone " just sent me one dollar then I 'd retire with $ 300 million in the bank . Of course , the reality is that people still die waiting for organs , obesity is an epidemic , and I 'm still writing these columns . That 's why saying "  but if everyone did " is such a red herring . Grunwald went on to suggest that perhaps we 're just over-thinking this whole "  energy crisis " thing . "  It 's a pretty simple concept , " he wrote . "  If our use of fossil fuels is increasing our reliance on Middle Eastern dictators while destroying the planet , maybe we ought to use less . " Welcome back to Fantasy Land . Saying "  we ought to " is exactly the same as "  but if everyone " -- a way to make a ridiculous point sound plausible . It 's like saying : We ought to all live in peace and harmony . It 's not that easy . But let 's follow his yellow brick road for a second anyway . If we all put on our Jimmy Carter sweaters and used less oil , we 'd still need millions of barrels . How about making sure those barrels come from America by starting to drill for it now ? We 'll never be truly free until we 're completely free from Middle Eastern oil . Not surprisingly , drilling was nowhere to be found in the article , but Grunwald did include plenty of other , "  simple " things we can do : "  We can use those twisty carbon fluorescent light bulbs . We can unplug our televisions , computers and phone chargers when we 're not using them . " He 's living in a dream world ! Not only is unplugging a television not going to do a darn thing , it 's annoying and almost no one in their right mind will ever , ever , ever , ever do it ! Ever ! And finally , just in case you were n't yet sure if Grunwald 's article was essentially a commercial for Obama , here 's how he ended it : "  It 's sad to see  McCain 's  campaign adopting the politics of the tire gauge , promoting the fallacy that Americans are powerless to address their own energy problems . Because the truth is : Yes , we can ... " Hmm , let me think , where have I heard "  Yes we can " before ? Ohhh , that 's right , it 's what Obama supporters chant at his speeches . Is Obama 's energy policy solely based on tire gauges ? No . But can we criticize him for embracing the same kind of gimmicky stall tactics that have gotten us to this place ? Yes . Yes we can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Beck : Americans could dramatically improve gas mileage by driving naked Obama 's tire inflation advice is a gimmick rather than part of a plan , he says We ca n't conserve our way out of our energy problems , Beck says Beck : We wo n't be truly free until we 're free from Middle Eastern oil
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Postal Service does not have the money to meet an obligation to a retiree health care trust fund coming due at the end of the month , but if there 's a default , officials promise no interruption in the mail , the payroll , or payments to suppliers . Commenting in response to a New York Times article Monday suggesting the Postal Service may have to shut down within months , spokeswoman Yvonne Yoerger told CNN there 's "  nothing actually new in the Postal Service 's position . " "  We are required to make this $ 5.5 billion dollar payment into the future retiree health benefits fund , and probably wo n't be able to make it when it comes due September 30th . " The fund was mandated by a 2006 postal reform act that postal officials today believe does not match the reality of declining revenues and a smaller workforce . Tuesday , congressional lawmakers will address the matter in a hearing on postal operations . Yoerger said at that hearing , Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe will insist that the fund be re-scaled from the days when there were 900,000 people on the payroll . The mandated funding level has not changed in the years since then , although the Postal Service has trimmed 250,000 jobs . She said "  the fact is , no other government agency , and few corporations in the private sector are required to fund retiree health benefits 75 years out . " The newspaper quoted U.S. Sen. Thomas Carper , D-Delaware , as saying the financial problems are so dire the Postal Service may close later this year . Yoerger agrees her agency does not have a sustainable business model , but stopped short of saying a shutdown is possible . One answer is to adjust those mandated payments . "  We want to have the pre-funding mandate eliminated , and have the money already paid into it used for those purposes " of covering health care benefits for future retirees . She said , "  We 've overpaid into our retirement funds , and we 'd like some of those overpayments refunded and used for future funding . " She acknowledged the basis for the advance payments were mandated in 2006 because lawmakers wanted assurances the Postal Service could cover benefits for its future pensioners . In addition to relief from the future retiree payment mandate , Yoerger said the proposed business plan of the Postal Service would include a combination of closing post offices , expanding joint ventures with private industry , and changes in how often you get the mail . "  Right now we are required to deliver six days a week , " she said , "  if it can go to five days a week , as proposed , we could better match the declining volume of mail . "	Postal Service may miss September 30 payment to retiree fund Officials vow no interruption in payroll , mail , or payments to suppliers Postmaster general to plead for more flexibility in Tuesday hearing on Capitol Hill
CNN  -- AC Milan edged closer to a first Italian league title since 2004 after Saturday 's 1-0 win at lowly Brescia , whose fellow strugglers Bari dropped into Serie B. Massimiliano Allegri 's Milan , seeking to end years of dominance by Inter and claim an 18th scudetto , moved eight points clear of their city rivals with just four games to play thanks to a late goal from Brazil forward Robinho . Robinho netted on the counter-attack with eight minutes left after being set up by fellow frontman Antonio Cassano , leaving Brescia second from bottom and likely to follow Bari -- whose fate was sealed by a 1-0 defeat at home to Sampdoria . Brescia had hit the crossbar through Alessandro Diamanti 's free-kick just before that goal , but an 18th defeat in 34 games left the club five points from safety and facing an immediate return to the second division . Cassano , starting with Zlatan Ibrahimovic suspended , had wasted three opportunities to put Milan ahead . Inter Milan moved up to second place with a 2-1 win over fourth-placed Lazio , bouncing back from last weekend 's defeat at Parma which effectively ended the Nerazzurri 's five-year title reign . Last season 's success under Jose Mourinho was the club 's 18th overall . Inter coach Leonardo saw Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar sent off for bringing down Mauro Zarate in the 22nd minute , and the Argentine striker put the visiting Rome side ahead from the resulting penalty . However , Dutch playmaker Wesley Sneijder curled in a trademark free-kick five minutes before halftime and top scorer Samuel Eto'o put Inter ahead eight minutes after the break after a mistake by defender Giuseppe Biava . Lazio also lost a player in the 66th minute when captain Stefano Mauri was sent off for a foul on Inter 's Japan fullback Yuto Nagatomo . Napoli crashed 2-1 at eighth-placed Palermo despite taking the lead in the second minute with a penalty by striker Edinson Cavani . The Uruguayan missed a late spot-kick in last weekend 's home defeat by Udinese , but was on target this time for his 26th league goal this season to be Serie A 's leading scorer alongside Antonio Di Natale . Palermo , boosted by the 2-2 draw with Milan in the midweek first leg of their Coppa Italia semifinal , leveled in the 38th minute as Mattia Cassani made up for his early handball . Cesare Bovo then fired the winner with a penalty right on halftime after Giulio Migliaccio went down under the challenge of Christian Maggio . Udinese could have moved into fourth above Lazio , but lost 2-0 at home to Parma in a blow to the club 's European hopes . On-loan Brazilian striker Amauri scored in the 13th and final minutes to lift his side three points above the relegation zone . Roma retained sixth place with a 1-0 win over Chievo as midfielder Simone Perrotta scored the only goal in the fourth minute . Seventh-placed Juventus were held 2-2 by Catania in the day 's late match after blowing a two-goal lead . Veteran striker Alessandro del Piero netted twice in the first half , the opener from the penalty spot , but the Sicilians leveled with goals in the last 10 minutes by Argentine Alejandro Gomez and fellow midfielder Francesco Lodi . The result lifted Catania two points clear of the relegation zone . Sampdoria moved out of the bottom three on goal difference above Lecce thanks to a 59th-minute winner from striker Nicola Pozzi at Bari . Lecce lost 4-2 at Genoa despite a first-half double from striker David Di Michele , as on-loan striker Antonio Floro Flores and Argentina international Rodrigo Palacio both scored twice for the 10th-placed home side . Fiorentina moved up to ninth with a 2-1 win at Cagliari thanks to two goals from midfielder Alessio Cerci , while Cesena moved two points clear of the bottom three with a 2-0 win at Bologna .	Robinho 's late winner puts AC Milan eight points clear with four games to play Five-time defending champions Inter move up to second place with 2-1 win over Lazio Napoli 's title hopes suffer another blow with second successive defeat Bari drop down to Serie A following 1-0 defeat by fellow strugglers Sampdoria
CNN  Everyone agrees -- the mysterious death of Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman has all the twists of a thriller . But what exactly does that mean ? A number of people have been pulled into the unfolding story of the prosecutor 's death . Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating a deadly 1994 terror attack , alleged that the country 's President , foreign minister and other political leaders covered up Iranian involvement in the attack . The government told Iran it would back off in exchange for a favorable trade deal , Nisman alleged . He filed his report , but one day before his scheduled testimony before lawmakers on the allegations , he was found dead from a gunshot wound to the head . There were initial reports of suicide , but many had their doubts . Sure enough , suspicions appeared to be confirmed when no gunpowder residue was found on Nisman 's hands , which would have been expected if he had shot himself . Since then , a number of strange things have happened in Argentina , all seemingly related to Nisman 's death . Here 's a look at the people , events and places that form part of a web that continues to unspool : The Argentine Israelite Mutual Association , or AMIA , was the target of the July 18 , 1994 , terror attack that killed 85 people and injured hundreds in Buenos Aires . The attack on the Jewish community center is the worst terror attack in Argentina 's history . A suicide attacker drove an explosive-laden vehicle into the building . Argentina has the largest Jewish community in Latin America . He was the prosecutor who accused Argentina 's President and other top leaders of covering up Iran 's alleged role in the Jewish center bombing . Nisman was found dead after filing a report with his allegations in court , and one day before he was slated to testify on his accusations in front of Congress . His death remains a mystery . A gun and shell casing by his side made it look like a suicide , but an initial test found no gunpowder residue on his hands . Almost immediately , suspicions arose that Nisman 's death was linked to his allegations against the President , foreign minister and other political elites . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner called it a suicide , then quickly changed her tune . The government denies it had a role in the prosecutor 's death . Nisman was appointed as special prosecutor on the AMIA bombing in 2005 by then-President Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez 's late husband . Even before Nisman became the lead investigator , previous Argentine prosecutors suspected Iran 's involvement in the terrorist attack . In 2004 , Argentina issued arrest warrants for 12 Iranians and requested that Interpol issue red notices for these suspects . But allegations of misconduct by Argentine investigators resulted in the case falling apart . Nisman was appointed after this mess to sort it out . Nisman 's own investigation also pointed at Iran , and in 2007 , Argentina issued new arrest warrants and went back to Interpol . This time six red notices were issued . The Iranian suspects are Imad Fayez Moughnieh , Ali Fallahijan , Mohsen Rabbani , Ahmad Reza Asghari , Ahmad Vahidi and Mohsen Rezai . The most prominent of these suspects is Vahidi , who for a time was Iran 's defense minister . Argentina also asked for red notices for three others -- former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Foreign Affairs Minister Ali Akbar Velayati and Hadi Soleimanpour , the former ambassador of Iran in Buenos Aires . Interpol did not issue red notices for them . None of the Iranian suspects are in custody and Iran has not made them available to Argentine prosecutors . In 2013 , Argentina 's Congress approved the creation of a joint commission to investigate the 1994 AMIA bombing . The five-member "  truth commission " would include Argentine and Iranian investigators who would work together to get to the bottom of the terror attack . Argentine lawmakers deliberated for more than 14 hours before passing the measure by a 131-113 vote . Later , Nisman would call this agreement the public face of the alleged cover-up . Fernandez 's government heralded the agreement as a way for prosecutors to finally interrogate the Iranian suspects . But there was much opposition , including from Jewish groups . They were worried the commission 's verdict would be nonbinding and distrusted Iran . Fernandez was elected President of Argentina in 2007 . She succeeded her husband , Nestor Kirchner , who was President from 2003-2007 and who died in 2010 . Fernandez was re-elected in December 2011 to a new four-year term . As President , she has often been combative , accusing opponents of undermining her ability to govern . When Nisman was found dead , she made a statement calling it a suicide , followed by a second statement saying she did n't believe he took his own life . In the wake of the Nisman scandal , Fernandez traveled to China on a business trip , where she made headlines for a tweet mocking the Chinese accent . Hector Timerman , Argentina 's foreign minister , is among those accused of conspiring to cover up Iran 's involvement in the Jewish center bombing . After Nisman 's death , Timerman told CNN the allegations of a cover-up were baseless . Fernandez 's government has done more than any previous administration to get to the bottom of the bombing , Timerman said . "  I am Jewish , " he said . "  And to think that a person of my religion , the Jewish religion , can make a deal not to prosecute the death of 85 people , most of them Jewish in Argentina ... I have to tell you , it 's not easy to live with . " He has said that he never asked to have the red notices for the Iranian suspects removed . His reputation has taken a hit . Timerman signed the agreement with the Iranians to investigate the bombing jointly , a move criticized by Argentina 's Jewish community . At the time , he said : "  I negotiated this memorandum with who I had to , not with who I wanted to . At each step , I kept in mind that us Argentinians learned with lots of pain that we have to seek justice and not condemnations , to seek the truth and not vengeance . " Diego Lagomarsino was an assistant to Nisman . He also is the only person charged in connection with the prosecutor 's death , charged with illegally letting Nisman borrow a gun . Lagomarsino faces up to six years in prison if convicted . The IT expert broke his silence at a news conference , saying he committed no crime and that he let Nisman borrow the gun at the prosecutor 's insistence . Nisman feared for his safety after he filed his report in court and did n't trust his own security guards , Lagomarsino said . According to Lagomarsino , Nisman was so fearful that he did n't go out to buy his own groceries and feared for his daughters . Nisman told Lagomarsino not to worry , that he was n't going to use the gun . But when Lagomarsino texted later to check on Nisman , the prosecutor never answered . Viviana Fein is a federal prosecutor who leads the investigation into Nisman 's death . It 's not unusual for her , or those she interviews , to be swarmed by television news cameras outside her office . Fein 's approach to the investigation has been careful and transparent . She provides occasional statements with updates on whom she has spoken with and what tests are being conducted on the evidence . However , she made missteps that have damaged her credibility in the eyes of some . When the Clarin newspaper reported that Nisman had drafted an arrest warrant affidavit for Fernandez , Timerman and others , Fein was quoted saying it was not true . The government also denied it . The next day , Fein said her comments were misunderstood . She confirmed that Nisman had indeed contemplated seeking the arrests of the President and others . The draft documents were found in trash can in Nisman 's apartment , she said . The Secretariat of Intelligence , or SI , is the country 's domestic intelligence service . Locally , it is also known as ex-SIDE , referring to the agency 's previous name , the Intelligence Secretariat of the State  SIDE by its Spanish initials  . In the wake of Nisman 's death , the government has suggested that rogue intelligence agents fed Nisman false information about a cover-up and then killed him after he filed the accusations in court . "  They used him while he was alive , and then they needed him dead , " the President said in a statement days after Nisman 's body was found . Fernandez then sent a bill to Congress that would abolish the SI and replace it with a new agency , to be called the Federal Intelligence Agency . The SI has "  not served the interests of the country , " Fernandez said . Lawmakers are debating the proposal . Horacio Antonio Stiuso is his full name , but he is known by his nickname , "  Jaime . " He is a key witness , but he seems to have disappeared . When Fernandez refers to a rogue intelligence officer who fed false information to Nisman , she is talking about Stiuso . Stiuso led the SI until Fernandez booted him last year . The former spy chief allegedly retaliated by tricking Nisman into accusing the government of a criminal cover-up , Fernandez and her supporters claim . Fernandez moved to relieve Stiuso of his obligation to keep secrets , so that he can testify . Stiuso was slated to testify during the first week of February but could n't be found . Fein has since said she is confident he will testify soon . Damian Pachter is a journalist for the English-language Buenos Aires Herald . A dual citizen of Argentina and Israel , he broke the news of Nisman 's death , reporting it via Twitter . After the scoop , Pachter dropped off the radar , with some saying he fled Argentina fearing for his safety . In a strange response , the Argentine government published a copy of Pachter 's travel records , saying they showed he simply went to Uruguay and had purchased a return ticket . But Pachter did n't return . He announced on Twitter a few days later that he was in Israel , in exile . Sergio Berni is Argentina 's security secretary . His tie-in to this mystery ? Local media widely reported that he arrived at Nisman 's apartment , with Nisman 's mother , before investigators arrived . He also was the first person to publicly call Nisman 's death a suicide . Not surprisingly , questions have swirled about what a government minister was doing at the scene before the investigators , and why he announced the suicide theory so quickly .	Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman dies mysteriously while investigating 1994 attack Suspicions arose that death was tied to allegations against Argentine 's President , other leaders
ROME , Italy -- Italian tennis players Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali have been banned by the ATP for betting on matches . Top Italian player Potito Starace has been suspended for six weeks for betting on matches . The country 's top player Starace -- 31st in the ATP rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from January 1 and fined $ 30,000  20,890 euros  for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago . Bracciali , world ranked 258 , has been banned for three months and fined $ 20,000  13,930 euros  for making around 50 five-euro bets between 2004 and 2005 . The Italian Tennis Federation  FIT  confirmed the news on its website , www.federtennis.it . However , they denounced the penalties as disproportionate , saying the players never bet on their own matches . "  Injustice is done , " the statement said . "  These penalties are absolutely , excessively severe compared to the magnitude of the violations carried out by the two players . " The federation said the two were not aware of the ATP 's betting regulations , and that they stopped placing the bets as soon as they learned it was against the rules . Another Italian player , Alessio Di Mauro , became the first player sanctioned under the ATP 's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in November , also for betting on matches . Starace and Bracciali said they were scapegoats for a larger match-fixing scandal . "  It 's disgusting , " said the 26-year-old Starace . "  The ATP does n't know where to turn . It 's all a joke . " Bracciali said the two had been "  sacrificed . " "  That 's why they came after us , " the 29-year-old said . "  We are not champions and we do n't count in the upper echelons . " ATP officials could not be reached for comment on Saturday . Concerns about match-fixing have risen since August , when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked Nikolay Davydenko of Russia and Martin Vassallo Arguello of Argentina . The company , Betfair , voided all bets and the ATP has been investigating . Davydenko , who retired while trailing in the third set , denies wrongdoing . Since then , several players have said that they had been approached with offers to fix matches in exchange for money . E-mail to a friend	Italian tennis players Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali banned by the ATP The pair have been suspended for betting on matches , although not their own Starace suspended for six weeks while Bracciali is banned for three months
Editor 's note : The U.S. Marshals Service last week launched one of the largest weeklong fugitive sweeps in the southeastern United States . CNN takes you inside the operation . Authorities received a tip that a convicted child molester was living here . He was captured at a hardware store . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The trail for the convicted child molester seemed to grow cold as the police combed his empty apartment . James Maurice Robinson , 25 , a confessed sex offender , had been on the run for more than two years , and it looked as if he would elude capture yet again . The authorities huddled in a nearby parking lot to discuss Plan B , an air of disgust hanging over them . James Ergas , the U.S. Marshal helping to lead this operation , acts on a tip . He pulls out his cell phone and calls a hardware store where the suspect may be working . Using a ruse , he begins speaking to the manager and , at one point , Robinson himself gets on the phone and unknowingly talks to the very man trying to catch him . Gotcha ! Authorities now know exactly where their man is . He 's seven miles away , on the other side of town . It 's 11:02 a.m. Ergas guns his unmarked sport utility vehicle at 95 miles per hour through downtown Atlanta , zipping in and out of the city 's notorious traffic congestion . Hear cops bang door , see raid on a home : "  Get down ! " " "  I 've got no place in my heart for pedophiles , " he says , pressing down harder on the gas . The vehicle thrusts forward . Ten minutes later , he whips his SUV into the store 's parking lot . The suspect 's car , a burgundy , four-door Pontiac Grand Am , sits near a back stairwell . "  When we go in there , he 's going to run out the back , " Ergas says . He parks near the front of the building and alerts his backup . Within minutes , the full team arrives . Two take position near the back stairwell . Ergas and other team members , dressed in black flak jackets , enter the front door at 11:19 a.m. Robinson does n't have a chance . He tries to run , but slips . Ergas points his Taser and prepares to zap him . Robinson knows his gig is up . He surrenders peacefully . "  He saw the Taser , " Ergas says , with a smile . "  Nobody wants to be Tased . " More than 100 miles away , the man who first arrested Robinson in March 2004 gets word of the capture . "  Anytime we can get a pervert off the street like that , it 's going to make me happy , " said Robert Tate , a detective with the LaFayette Police Department in northwest Georgia , near the Tennessee border . Robinson had been accused of exposing himself to a 10-year-old boy in a Wal-Mart bathroom and masturbating in front of him . Police records indicate the boy was so petrified he was afraid to leave the stall for 15 minutes afterward . Robinson pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation on May 26 , 2005 , according to the Walker County District Attorney 's Office . But he skipped town and never made his sentencing hearing on February 14 , 2006 , authorities said . A warrant was then issued for his arrest . Robinson now faces five to 20 years in prison , the DA 's office said . Robinson was one of 1,250 fugitives busted in Georgia last week as part of Operation Falcon , a nationwide sweep to arrest some of the most violent offenders . Of the arrests in Georgia , 724 came in metro Atlanta ; two were suspected killers , authorities said . Multiple sweeps like these have already taken place in other cities in recent weeks as part of Falcon . More are coming to undisclosed regions of the country . Authorities would not release further details about the nationwide hunt due to the ongoing nature of the operation . "  Our primary focus when we do this operation are violent offenders , sex offenders and gang members , " says Keith Booker , the commander of the U.S. Marshals Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force leading this sweep that included 115 federal , state and local agencies . The fugitives were wanted on felony charges ranging from murder and aggravated assault to rape and armed robbery to child molestation and an array of parole violations . On this day , while Ergas and his eight - to 10-member team hit multiple spots where fugitives were believed to be living , another 150 agents , investigators , detectives , officers and deputies were working other parts of metro Atlanta . Of the 700-plus arrests made around Atlanta , authorities smashed through 154 doors . Not every suspect was captured , but the hunt generated leads that will be followed up . The work involved grueling and dangerous 14 - to 18-hour days , but the officers still found time to laugh . There was one who Tasered himself while running after a suspect , and another who held up a bag of oregano thinking it was pot and quizzed his subjects . Both provided fodder for the watercooler . Then , there was the suspect wanted for aggravated assault who authorities said tried to jump over a 30-foot wall , breaking several bones when he landed . "  He did n't want to go to jail . Instead , he went to jail crippled , " Ergas said . The police kept close tabs on the six different teams ' arrests , an internal competition to see who could bag more wanted felons . Team Vulture beat out Team Osprey with 147 arrests to 132 . At the end of the operation , about 80 officers crowded into a large conference room and were briefed on the final results . "  You prevented a lot of victims this week , " Booker told them . Law enforcement studies , he said , indicate the typical fugitive commits an average of 13 crimes while they 're on the run . If that 's true , more than 15,000 potential victims have been spared . "  These people ca n't commit crimes against other people while they 're locked up , " Booker said .	U.S. Marshals carry out massive fugitive sweep , nab 1,250 fugitives in Georgia The operation was part of a larger nationwide hunt called Operation Falcon One sex offender surrendered peacefully in hardware store : "  He saw the Taser " Authorities message to those on the run : We 're coming after you
Hong Kong  CNN  -- There 's both poetry and promise in the humble balloon . It delivered escape and adventure in Pixar 's "  Up , " friendship to a small boy in the classic short film "  The Red Balloon , " and -- delving into real-world history now -- military messages for Chinese strategist Zhuge Liang back in 220 AD . Now Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet access to remote and under-served places around the world . It 's called Project Loon , the latest initiative from the tech giant 's innovation lab , Google -LSB- x -RSB- . Project Loon uses a fleet of super-pressure balloons made out of very thin polyethylene plastic . Measuring 15 meters across when fully inflated , each balloon carries a payload of electronics including a flight computer , altitude control system , communications antenna and a solar power station -- turning the craft into a self-powering cell tower in the sky . "  We want to keep them up there , floating around for eventually up to 100 days , " Nigel Snoad , Google.org Crisis Response Product Manager and Google Project Loon team member said on CNN 's News Stream . "  That way we can have a ring of balloons we hope can provide Internet access to a whole range of places that are really difficult to get to with normal technology . " The Loon balloons are strategically positioned on stratospheric winds and controlled by complex algorithms and computing power on the ground . Google said a team of six people is required to launch a Loon balloon , including a launch commander and a coordination team at Mission Control . The need for the connectivity that Project Loon promises is immense . Believe it or not , in this networked age , some five billion people are not connected to the Internet , according to Google . To put it in another way , two-thirds of humanity are being denied online connectivity and the economic promise that comes with it . Project Loon can also play a critical role during a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis . "  During a crisis , connectivity is really important because information in itself is really lifesaving , " said Snoad . "  Anything that can  provide connectivity  for remote areas at a low cost much cheaper than satellites is something we 're really going to celebrate and we 're hopeful can make a real difference . " Last month , the team conducted a successful pilot test in New Zealand , launching 30 balloons over two weeks to test basic launch procedures , Internet connection to the ground , and descent and recovery of the balloons . A group of 50 pilot testers in Christchurch and parts of Canterbury on New Zealand 's South Island were equipped with special Internet antennas to connect to the Loon balloons , including Charles Nimmo -- the first person in the world to connect to Google 's balloon-powered Internet . "  The way I became involved in the trial was by a third-party research organization , " Nimmo told me via email . "  They phoned one night and sounded completely suspect to the point where I was about to hang up . " Eventually Nimmo signed a nondisclosure agreement and a group of technicians arrived at his door to attach what looked like a red ball to the side of his house . "  I thought , ` Finally , some people who can tell me what is going on . ' Their reply was , ` We do n't actually know either . ' The whole process was cryptic and was making a dull week rather exciting to be honest . " In a rural area with historically unreliable Internet access , Nimmo said he now enjoys the benefits of constant connectivity like a social media presence , an ability to better market his products online , and a stable platform for his children to complete their homework online . Nimmo is happy with his balloon-powered Net connection . And , as the world 's first person to make a connection in such a way , he also recognizes the heights Google must scale to make Project Loon a viable solution . "  It is a system that will need to reach a critical scale in order to be effective world-wide and will need some degree of cooperation between governments , " he said . "  The scale and complexity of the idea is mind-boggling but it seems plausible , and Google is probably the only company with the resources to pull it off . " Onward ... and upward .	Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet Project Loon will give access to remote and under served places around world Loon balloons strategically positioned on stratospheric winds , controlled by algorithms Google : Project can play critical role during a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis
EW.com  -- Jerry Seinfeld is really , really ticked off . The comedian penned a letter to The New York Times in response to TV critic Neil Genzlinger 's Monday column about the abuse and overuse of one of Seinfeld 's favorite words : "  really . " "  Really , Neil ? Really ? You 're upset about too many people saying , "  Really ? " ? I mean , really , " Seinfeld writes . Jerry Seinfeld and Michael Richards reunite for season finale of ` Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee ' The amusingly outraged letter to the editor , which uses the word "  really " 10 times , comes to the defense of the "  lazy " comedy writers who use the word that Genzlinger claims is "  undoing 2,000 years ' worth of human progress . " Seinfeld defends "  Saturday Night Live 's " Weekend Update segment "  Really !?! With Seth , " which used to star Amy Poehler and Seth Meyers and which Seinfeld himself contributed to in 2010 ; and turned the tables on Genzlinger by ripping him for using the phrase , "  wrap my head around it . " ` Seinfeld ' star Wayne Knight will play Santa in musical ` Elf ' "  Do n't preach to us about ` Really ? ' and then wrap our heads around things , " wrote Seinfeld . "  You crumbled a bit of civilization off there yourself . " Seinfeld 's keen observation about everything and nothing could n't come at a better time -- his five-borough New York City comedy tour kicks off tomorrow . I really hope he addresses the "  R word " in his routine . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A New York Times column on the use of ` really ' prompted a letter from Jerry Seinfeld Seinfeld used the word 10 times to address a TV critic 's claim that script writers overuse it Seinfeld : "  Really ? You 're upset about too many people saying , "  Really ? " ? I mean , really "
CNN  -- Federal health authorities recommended Monday that doctors suspend using Rotarix , one of two vaccines licensed in the United States against rotavirus , saying the vaccine is contaminated with material from a pig virus . "  There is no evidence at this time that this material poses a safety risk , " Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg told reporters in a conference call . Rotarix , made by GlaxoSmithKline , was approved by the FDA in 2008 . The contaminant material is DNA from porcine circovirus 1 , a virus from pigs that is not known to cause disease in humans or animals , Hamburg said . About 1 million children in the United States and about 30 million worldwide have gotten Rotarix vaccine , she said . Rotavirus disease kills more than 500,000 infants around the world each year , primarily in low - and middle-income countries , she said . Before rotavirus vaccine became available , the disease was blamed for more than 50,000 hospitalizations and several dozen deaths per year in the United States , she said . The FDA learned about the contamination after an academic research team using a novel technique to look for viruses in a range of vaccines found the material in GlaxoSmithKline 's product and told the company , Hamburg said . The drug maker confirmed its presence in both the cell bank and the seed from which the vaccine is derived , suggesting its presence from the early stages of vaccine development , she said . The FDA then confirmed the drug maker 's findings . GlaxoSmithKline emphasized Monday that the pig virus is not known to cause illness in humans , saying "  it is found in everyday meat products and is frequently eaten with no resulting disease or illness . " "  No safety issue has been identified by external agencies or GSK , " Thomas Breuer , the drug maker 's chief medical officer , said in a written statement . "  GSK is committed to patient safety and to the highest manufacturing standards for all our vaccines and medicines . We are already working closely and discussing this finding with regulatory agencies around the world . " Another vaccine , RotaTeq , is made by Merck and was approved in 2006 . There is no evidence that the Merck product is affected , Hamburg said . Both vaccines are given by mouth to infants to prevent rotavirus disease , which is marked by severe diarrhea and dehydration . Asked whether Merck would be able to meet the nation 's demand , Merck spokeswoman Pam Eisele said , "  Obviously , we will work with the ... FDA to evaluate supply needs . " In the next four to six weeks , the drug agency will convene an advisory committee to make recommendations and seek input on the use of new techniques for identifying viruses in vaccine , Hamburg said . "  We 're not pulling it from the market , we 're just suspending its use during this period while we 're collecting more information , " she said . "  It should not be in this vaccine product and we want to understand how it got there . It 's not an easy call and we spent many long hours debating the pros and cons but , because we have an alternative product and because the background rates of this disease are not so severe in this country , we felt that the judicious thing to do was to take a pause , to really ask the critical questions about what this material was doing in the vaccine , how it got there . " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said "  a substantial amount " of the DNA was found in the vaccine . But , he stressed , "  there is no evidence that it causes any disease . ... There is no evidence that it ever does anything . " The research group that discovered the contamination has asked not to be identified pending its paper 's publication in a scientific journal , Hamburg said . Anyone who has already received a dose of Rotarix should switch to the Merck product for the next two doses , Hamburg said . Preliminary testing of the Merck product has found no evidence of the porcine circovirus 1 DNA , she said . Doctors should be able to tell parents which of the two products their children received , she said . Hamburg stressed that the suspension applies only to the United States . Public health officials in countries where the incidence of rotavirus is more severe may decide that the benefits of continuing to use the vaccine outweigh any concerns raised by the contamination , she said . "  Such a decision would be very understandable , " she added . A similar virus , porcine circovirus 2 , also does not cause disease in humans , but it does cause disease in its pig host , Hamburg said .	Doctors have been advised to suspend use of Rotarix rotavirus vaccine Another vaccine , RotaTeq , is still OK to use , officials say GlaxoSmithKline , maker of Rotarix , says the contamination is not harmful
CNN  -- He burst on the music scene in the 1970s with the Commodores and then went on to a major solo career with hits such as "  All Night Long " and "  Hello . " Lionel Richie and his daughter , Nicole , gave their first joint TV interview in six years to CNN 's Larry King . She made a name for herself on the TV series "  The Simple Life , " which followed the exploits of her and fellow socialite Paris Hilton , and in the tabloids . Father-and-daughter Lionel and Nicole Richie have been making news for decades , but rarely together . In their first TV interview together in six years , they talked with CNN 's Larry King about their relationship ; her time in rehab ; Lionel 's first grandchild , Harlow ; their growing family ; and more . The following interview , scheduled to air Thursday night , has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : You did "  American Idol . " A European tour . A new CD . You ever give thoughts of just cooling it ? Lionel Richie : My answer to that is very simple . I do n't like fishing . I 'm pretty much like you . This is my hobby . King : What 's the new album -LSB- "  Just Go " -RSB- about ? Lionel Richie : You know what I decided to do on this album ? Something different . Instead of controlling , which is what I love to do -- I 'm the writer , I 'm the arranger , I 'm the producer , I 'm the singer -- I decided -LSB- to -RSB- start another way . I just gave up the power completely . There is only one song on this album that I actually wrote , called "  Eternity . " King : The "  American Idol " thing . Was that fun ? Why did you do it ? Lionel Richie : It 's the best fun in the world . Danny -LSB- Gokey -RSB- was so wonderful . He kept saying , "  Suppose I mess up or suppose I sing your line instead of my line , " and I said , "  You ca n't mess this one up . And if you feel like you want to sing my part , sing it loud and strong . " And of course he nailed it . It was so much fun to watch everybody backstage . The tension of what goes through that show , I do n't think I -LSB- could -RSB- do it . -LSB- Nicole Richie joins the interview -RSB- King : What is it like to be with her in this setting ? Lionel Richie : I 'm so proud of her right now . There is such a pride that she has turned this corner . She is an amazing mother . I want the world to know where she is . King : Now you 're pregnant with a second child , right ? Nicole Richie : Yes , yes I am . King : And the father -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- is the same ? Nicole Richie : Yes . King : You going to get married ? Nicole Richie : Eventually , yes . King : But that 's not important or paramount ? Nicole Richie : I think for both of us , we are going to do it because we want to , not because that 's what you do . King : What kind of grandfather is he ? Nicole Richie : Well , he 's very animated . He smiles like this all the time , and so he 's nothing but fun for Harlow . She absolutely loves him . Watch Nicole Richie talk about her daughter " King : Nicole , you 've been through some turbulent times . You 've had drug abuse , wild-child behavior . Entered rehab in 2003 . How have you come through all of that ? Nicole Richie : With the support of my family , really . I 've always stayed really close with my mother -LSB- Brenda -RSB- and my father . I have really great friends . And I just have a really great circle around me who support me no matter what , do n't judge me no matter how low I 've ever gotten . King : How did you deal with it , Lionel ? Lionel Richie : It gave me an amazing opportunity to step up to the plate . I said to her one day : I have some good news and I have some bad news . I said the bad news is that Nicole is going to die . The good news is , she does n't have to . I remember that look on her face of sheer panic . And I said the only person who is going to be able to save Nicole is Nicole . And she went away and about three weeks later I got a phone saying , ` Dad , I want to go into rehab . ' And when she checked into rehab , her mother and I checked into rehab with her . King : What was the toughest part about rehab ? Nicole Richie : It was right before "  The Simple Life " came out . Just the fact that I could n't do it in private really was unfortunate . But we did n't watch TV there or -LSB- had no -RSB- connection to the outside world , which I thought was really great . So I just focused on being positive there and focused on myself . And my parents were there with me . They came for family week . And so I just focused on that and everything just kind of fell in place . Watch Nicole Richie talk about rehab " King : When all of those troubles were going on , did n't it affect -LSB- your -RSB- performance ? Lionel Richie : Thank God for the stage . What the stage was for me was an outlet . It gave me a chance to kind of get away from it for a moment . King : You said that you were not a good dad to Nicole growing up ... was n't there for her . Do you regret that ? Lionel Richie : I was trying to be Lionel Richie . There is a part of -LSB- me -RSB- that 's guilty because I wish I could have been there more for her , but I was trying to make it as the solo guy at that time . King : What kind of dad was he ? Nicole Richie : I really hate when he says that . I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad because my memory of my childhood was nothing but good memories . I remember him coming down in the kitchen in the morning and singing songs and us playing . Was he gone a lot ? Yeah . But he also toured a lot . Even when he and my mom divorced , it was kind of like he was on tour , so I was kind of OK with it . And he 's not perfect , he 's a human and we went through phases of not speaking . I could sit here and I could say that I was a terrible daughter , too , but I am not going to say that . King : How do you like her boyfriend -LSB- Joel Madden -RSB- ? Lionel Richie : Love him . Love him . King : Do n't you want them to get married ? Lionel Richie : I want them to take their time . I 'm more interested in whether they like each other and whether they 're best friends . Because that means they 'll be great parents forever . King -LSB- to Nicole -RSB- : You were adopted . Nicole Richie : Yes . Lionel Richie : When we adopted , -LSB- she -RSB- was 8 , yes . When we first met her , she was 3 1/2 . King : Took five years ? Lionel Richie : She stayed with us for two years before we even thought about legal guardianship . King : Was there a doubt about doing it ? Lionel Richie : It was a tremendous responsibility , but I fell in love . Brenda fell in love . And once you fall in love , you do n't know anything else .	Lionel Richie likes father of his grandchild ; says Nicole should n't rush marriage Nicole Richie says parents ' love and support helped her make it through drug rehab Nicole on Lionel : "  I hate when he says that he was n't a good dad " How was his "  American Idol " appearance ? "  It 's the best fun in the world "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong authorities said Friday that they had confiscated $ 1.4 million worth of ivory that arrived smuggled in a shipping container from Africa , the second large seizure of tusks at the busy port in the past month . Customs officials discovered the 1,330 kilograms  about 2,900 pounds  of illegal ivory Thursday in a container from Tanzania that was marked as carrying sunflower seeds , authorities said . The 569 tusks , worth 10.56 million Hong Kong dollars  about $ 1.4 million U.S.  , were in the back of the container , buried under hundreds of bags of the seeds . The Hong Kong government said customs officials are investigating the case and are still trying to find "  the smuggling syndicate members . " The container had been picked out for inspection based on "  risk assessment , " authorities said . The seizure follows the roughly $ 3.4 million worth in ivory found in two shipping containers last month , one of the largest amounts ever seized in Hong Kong . Those containers arrived from Tanzania and Kenya , according to Hong Kong customs officials . The agency seized 1,209 pieces of ivory tusks and 3 pounds of ivory ornaments from the two containers , discovered over a period of two days . In that case , Hong Kong customs officials were on alert after a tip-off from officials in Guangdong , China . Read more : Priest embroiled in ivory smuggling controversy Seven people , including one Hong Kong resident , were arrested by Chinese officials in connection with the case , authorities said at the time . Hong Kong is viewed as a transit point for the illegal ivory trade , feeding into increasing demands in China , according to a Time article published last month . Elephants are being killed in Africa at an alarming rate as international demand soars for ivory . Much of the demand comes from increasingly affluent Asian countries , particularly China and Thailand . Before this year , the most recent major bust in Hong Kong occurred in 2011 , when officials seized a shipment of ivory and rhinoceros horns valued at $ 2.2 million Hong Kong dollars . Journalist Paavan Mathema contributed to this report .	This is the second large amount of ivory confiscated in Hong Kong in the past month 569 tusks were found under sunflower seeds in a shipping container The container came from Tanzania as was picked out for inspection by officials
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A number of atheists and non-religious organizations want Barack Obama 's inauguration ceremony to leave out all references to God and religion . President-elect Barack Obama will use the Bible Abraham Lincoln used for his inauguration . In a lawsuit filed Tuesday in Washington , the plaintiffs demand that the words "  so help me God " not be added to the end of the president 's oath of office . In addition , the lawsuit objects to plans for ministers to deliver an invocation and a benediction in which they may discuss God and religion . An advance copy of the lawsuit was posted online by Michael Newdow , a California doctor and lawyer who has filed similar and unsuccessful suits over inauguration ceremonies in 2001 and 2005 . Joining Newdow in the suit are groups advocating religious freedom or atheism , including the American Humanist Association , the Freedom from Religion Foundation and atheist groups from Minnesota ; Seattle , Washington ; and Florida . The new lawsuit says in part , "  There can be no purpose for placing ` so help me God ' in an oath or sponsoring prayers to God , other than promoting the particular point of view that God exists . " Newdow said references to God during inauguration ceremonies violate the Constitution 's ban on the establishment of religion . Newdow and other plaintiffs say they want to watch the inaugural either in person or on television . As atheists , they contend , having to watch a ceremony with religious components will make them feel excluded and stigmatized . "  Plaintiffs are placed in the untenable position of having to choose between not watching the presidential inauguration or being forced to countenance endorsements of purely religious notions that they expressly deny , " according to the lawsuit . Among those named in the lawsuit are Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts , who is expected to swear in the new president ; the Presidential Inauguration Committee ; the Joint Congressional Committee on Inauguration Ceremonies and its chairwoman , Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California ; and the Armed Forces Inaugural Committee and its commander , Maj. Gen. Richard Rowe Jr. . The two ministers scheduled to participate in the ceremony also are named : the Rev. Rick Warren and the Rev. Joseph Lowery . The document includes a quotation from Warren on atheists : "  I could not vote for an atheist because an atheist says , ' I do n't need God . ' " Newdow told CNN that he did n't name President-elect Barack Obama in the suit because in addition to participating as a government official at the ceremony , he possesses rights as an individual that allow him to express religious beliefs . "  If he chooses to ask for God 's help , I 'm not going to challenge him , " Newdow said . "  I think it 's unwise . " Newdow said that as a member of a racial minority , Obama should have respect for atheists , who also are members of a minority . Newdow said religious references in the inauguration ceremony send a message to non-believers . "  The message here is , we who believe in God are the righteous , the real Americans , " he said . Newdow said it 's unconstitutional to imply that atheists and others are not as good . He acknowledged that his suit is unlikely to be successful . "  I have no doubt I 'll lose , " he said , adding that he hoped to eventually succeed through appeals and hoped future inauguration ceremonies would exclude religious references .	Atheists want references to religion removed from inaugural ceremony Groups object to "  so help me God " at end of oath , benediction by pastor "  I have no doubt I 'll lose , " says California lawyer who filed lawsuit
Washington  CNN  -- While the first lady and daughters Malia and Sasha were away this weekend , President Barack Obama has been enjoying what some have jokingly referred to as a bachelor 's weekend with friends -- golfing , playing basketball and grilling out on the South Lawn . The festivities are all part of a belated birthday celebration of sorts for the president , who turned 49 on Wednesday . First lady Michelle Obama and youngest daughter Sasha , 9 , were on vacation in Spain , while 12-year-old Malia is attending camp . Friends from Hawaii , Chicago , Illinois , and college joined the president on Saturday at Andrews Air Force Base for a round of golf . The sports outings continued Sunday with a basketball game at Fort McNair where Obama -- along with such NBA stars as LeBron James , Dwayne Wade , Grant Hill and Earvin "  Magic " Johnson -- played in front of an audience of wounded servicemen and participants in the White House mentoring program . Obama was scheduled to return to the White House Sunday evening with friends and some of the basketball players for a seafood barbecue on the South Lawn . Workers were seen setting up grills on the lawn Sunday morning in preparation for the party . Tables set up with white and yellow linens and adorned with centerpieces of lemons and limes dotted the lawn . The menu is expected to include shrimp from the Gulf Coast , where the seafood industry has been hard hit by the BP oil disaster , according to White House aide Katie Hogan . CNN 's Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	The president turned 49 on Wednesday The first lady and the couple 's daughters are away this weekend Obama played golf on Saturday and basketball on Sunday A seafood barbecue is planned for Sunday night
CNN  -- The often scathing critic Simon Cowell called Susan Boyle -- the breakout singing sensation from "  Britain 's Got Talent " -- a "  little tiger . " Judge Piers Morgan admits that he expected Susan Boyle 's audition to be a joke before she began singing . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " she showed she 's no one-trick pony . During a taping of the show Friday , she nailed a verse of Celine Dion 's "  My Heart Will Go On " after King asked her to sing . "  Amazing . That was just absolutely stunning , " said "  Britain 's Got Talent " judge Piers Morgan , who was also a guest . "  To sing that with no musical backing is unbelievable . You have the voice of an angel , Susan . " The 47-year-old Boyle 's frumpy attire and awkward mannerisms drew snickers and eye-rolling from her audience before she belted out a pitch-perfect number from "  Les Miserables " at an audition for the talent contest , making her an overnight sensation . Watch Boyle sing on Larry King " An unemployed charity worker who lives alone with her cat in Scotland , Boyle has inspired millions with a performance that flies in the face of pop music 's penchant for pre-processed princesses . A clip of her audition had more than 19 million views on YouTube by Friday evening . Boyle , who did a repeat performance of "  I Dreamed a Dream " via satellite on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " Thursday night , told King she was aware of the snickers her appearance prompted at the audition . "  That does n't bother me because I knew I had to get on with my act ... , " said Boyle , again speaking by satellite . "  I was n't sure how I would be received , so I just thought I 'd give it a whirl . " Watch Larry King interview Susan Boyle " Morgan , too , acknowledged the laughter , including his own . "  I sort of feel like apologizing to Susan , " he said . "  I 'm sorry , because we did not give you anything like the respect we should have done when you first came out . " He said the judges had been through a long day with "  lots of terrible auditions . " "  And then you came out and we thought you were going to be a bit of a joke act , to be honest with you , " he said . "  And then I can remember ... that second when you had begun to sing , and I had never heard a more surprising , extraordinary voice coming out of somebody so unexpected . " To win the show , which would give her the chance to sing in front of Queen Elizabeth II , Boyle must survive a live semifinal next month and then a final performance if she gets through that . Watch how things have changed in Boyle 's hometown " "  She 's the most odds-on favorite ever on ` Britain 's Got Talent ' at this stage of the competition , " Morgan said . "  But Susan knows there are two big hurdles left . Anything can happen in a live show . " There 's already been talk of a recording contract and world tours for Boyle . But she said she 's staying focused on the competition for now . She said she has no plans to get a makeover or alter her wardrobe -- "  Why should I ? Why should I change ? " -- but did predict one big lifestyle change . "  I wo n't be lonely , " she said . "  I certainly wo n't be lonely anymore . "	Susan Boyle sings Celine Dion 's "  My Heart Will Go On " for Larry King Asked if she 's considering a makeover , Boyle says "  Why should I change ? " "  Britain 's Got Talent " judge Piers Morgan apologizes for initial reactions Boyle says she predicts one big change : "  I certainly wo n't be lonely anymore "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The next president will have to decide when and how to leave Iraq and what the United States will leave behind , Sen. John McCain said Friday . Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain trade jabs over each other 's economic plans . Speaking at the first presidential debate , McCain said the war had been badly managed at the beginning but that the United States was now winning , thanks to a "  great general and a strategy that succeeded . " "  Sen. Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq , " McCain said of his Democratic opponent . Sen. Barack Obama responded : "  That 's not true , that 's not true . " He blasted McCain as having been wrong about the war at the start , saying McCain had failed to anticipate the uprising against U.S. forces and violence between rival religious groups in the country . Before moving into foreign policy , the candidates focused on the economy . McCain said he would consider a spending freeze on everything but defense , veterans affairs and entitlement programs in order to cut back on government spending . Obama disagreed , saying , "  The problem is you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel . "  There are some programs that are very important that are currently underfunded , " Obama said . He agreed that the government needs to cut spending in some areas , but he said other areas , such as early childhood education , need more funding . McCain repeated his call to veto every bill with earmarks . Obama said the country "  absolutely " needs earmark reform but said , "  the fact is , eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we are going to get the middle class back on track . " McCain and Obama also tangled over who would cut taxes more . Watch Obama talk about his economic plan " McCain said he would lower business taxes in order to encourage job growth in the United States , while Obama said he would cut taxes for 95 percent of American families . Watch McCain outline differences between him and Obama " Obama also said that the United States was facing its worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . McCain said he was encouraged that Republicans and Democrats were working together to solve the crisis . The first 30 minutes of the debate focused on the economy , even though the debate was supposed to be centered on foreign policy . The economy has dominated the campaign trail for the past two weeks . Obama refused to be pinned down on whether he would support a $ 700 billion plan proposed by President Bush 's top economic advisers , saying the final details of the proposal were not yet known . McCain said he hoped to be able to vote for it . Just hours ago , the fate of the debate was in limbo because it was unclear whether McCain would show up . The Republican presidential candidate announced Wednesday that he was suspending his campaign to help forge legislation to save crippled U.S. financial markets . McCain said he would not attend the debate unless Congress reached an agreement on the bailout package . McCain said Friday that enough progress has been made for him to attend the debate , even though Congress has not made a deal . In the final hours before the debate , McCain and Obama separately checked out the stage at the debate site on the University of Mississippi campus . After their walk-throughs , the candidates went to separate locations for some last-minute debate prep . Outside the debate site , students and residents in Oxford said they were thrilled -- and relieved -- to find out that the debate was still on . The University of Mississippi said it invested $ 5.5 million in Friday night 's event . McCain 's campaign said the Arizona senator would return to Washington after the debate . Obama issued a statement saying he plans to return , also . Full coverage of the debates There 's a lot on the line for both sides . The election is just weeks away , and polls show Obama and McCain in a tight race . According to CNN 's average of national polls , Obama holds a 5-point lead over McCain , 48 percent to 43 percent . The 9 percent of respondents who are undecided could swing the election either way . Both campaigns played the expectations game Friday afternoon . Going into debates , campaigns try to lower expectations for their candidates while raising expectations for their opponents . Read more about the expectations Senior McCain adviser Mike Salter tried to play down the expectations surrounding his candidate , saying McCain wanted only to "  do well against a guy who is a pretty good debater , show presidential leadership and be able to speak directly to the American people about what he believes . " The Obama camp , on the other hand , tried to build up the debate as a must-win for the Arizona Republican , arguing that the debate 's focus on national security and foreign affairs amounted to a "  home field advantage " for McCain . "  If he slips up , makes a mistake or fails to deliver a game-changing performance , it will be a serious blow to his campaign . Given his unsteady performance this week , he desperately needs to win this debate in a big way in order to change the topic and get back to his home turf , " Bill Burton , an Obama spokesman , said in a memo . Obama had contended all along that the debate should go on , saying the financial crisis made it even more important for the public to hear the candidate 's views . The candidates ' running mates are not be in Mississippi to watch the debates . Sen. Joe Biden , Obama 's VP pick , is watching the debate from his hotel room in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . Biden told firefighters and their families at a fish fry in Cudahy , Wisconsin , on Friday that the debate is a "  big deal " because it will illustrate a fundamental national security difference between the candidates . "  The fundamental difference between John and Barack and me and John is this : If you 're talking about security , it starts at home in addition to protecting our troops abroad and giving them everything they need . " McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is wastching the debate from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where she is preparing for her debate with Biden on October 2 with a cadre of domestic and foreign policy advisers .	NEW : Barack Obama says John McCain wrong about Iraq NEW : McCain , Obama differ over spending freeze Candidates debate earmarks , taxes , economic plans Status of debate was in limbo until Friday afternoon
CNN  -- Tiger Woods fired Nike to the forefront of the golfing world -- now he could be clubbed away to make room for the new kid on the block . Rory McIlroy 's announcement that he will not renew his contract with Titleist and FootJoy parent company Acushnet has accelerated speculation that the Northern Irishman will join Woods at Nike . While Nike has not yet confirmed a move for the 23-year-old , it is expected that the world No. 1 will make the switch in a deal which will net him up to an estimated $ 20 million a year . Scott : ` McIlroy can dominate like Tiger ' In a statement , McIlroy said : "  I would like to thank Wally Uihlein and all of the tour staff and employees at Titleist and FootJoy for everything they have done for me since I turned professional in 2007 . "  I have enjoyed five very exciting and successful years with the company and I will always appreciate the contribution Titleist has made in helping me become the player I am today . " McIlroy beats Woods in chaotic ` Duel of Jinsha Lake ' McIlroy moved to the top of the rankings earlier this year , finishing top of the PGA Tour money list after winning his second major title , and he leads the European Tour 's Race To Dubai standings -- all of which has enhanced his reputation as one of the most desirable brands in the sport . "  We wish Rory all the best , " said Acushnet CEO Wally Uihlein . "  He has been a great ambassador . " McIlroy 's success and lifestyle have made him a firm favorite with golf fans , while his burgeoning romance with tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki has also boosted his profile . But Woods , who joined Nike after turning professional in 1996 , propelled the company onto the world stage by taking the sport to a new level . The 14-time major champion now faces a struggle to hang on to his status as Nike 's No. 1 client , as McIlroy 's success shows no signs of abating . McIlroy and Woods have built up a friendship in recent months , playing a much-hyped 18-hole exhibition match in China on Monday . McIlroy even managed to snatch one of Woods ' Nike clubs and take a few practice swings , which did nothing to dampen the speculation . Woods , McIlroy ` too tired ' for $ 7M Chinese tournament Meanwhile , both men were criticized for their decision not to play this week 's HSBC Champions event in China . Seven of the world 's top 10 players will be competing for the $ 1.2 million top prize but the absence of the leading duo has left the sponsors irate . "  I 'm very realistic , " Giles Morgan , the Global Head of Sponsorship and Events for HSBC told the UK Press Association . "  These type of promotional TV events happen and have a benefit for the sport -- the more publicity the better . But what used to happen was that the players would make their schedules around big events and fit in what they could outside them . "  That type of thing is fine , but these are the real test of golf . Outside of America and the UK this is the biggest event of them all . "  What makes this compelling is the strength of the field and it almost feels like they are missing out . This is the flagship event in Asia . "  These guys make their own decisions , but this feels bigger than it ever has before and there will be a great winner . "	Rory McIlroy announces he will not sign new deal with Titleist Northern Irishman expected to sign $ 20 million-a-year deal The 23-year-old looks set to become new face of Nike Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy in hot water with golf sponsors
Cesar Chavez is something of a national icon . His face is on a U.S. postage stamp . Countless statues , murals , libraries , schools , parks and streets are named after him -- he even has his own national monument . He was on the cover of Time magazine in 1969 . A naval ship was named after him . The man even has his own Google Doodle and Apple ad . Yet his footprint in American history is widely unknown and that 's exactly the reason why actor-turned-director Diego Luna decided to produce a movie about his life . "  I was really surprised that there was n't already a film out about Chavez 's life , so that 's why I spent the past four years making this and hope the country will join me in celebrating his life and work , " Diego Luna said during Tuesday 's screening of "  Cesar Chavez : An American Hero " in New York . The movie opens nationwide on Friday . After seeing farm workers harvesting the country 's food unable to afford feeding their own families -- let alone the deplorable working conditions they faced -- Chavez decided to act . He and Dolores Huerta co-founded what 's now known as the United Farm Workers . They became the first to successfully organize farm workers while being completely committed to nonviolence . Without Chavez , California 's farm workers would n't have fair wages , lunch breaks and access to toilets or clean water in the fields . Not to mention public awareness about the dangers of pesticides to farm workers and helping outlaw the short-handled hoe . Despite widespread knowledge of its dangers , this tool damaged farm workers ' backs . His civil rights activism has been compared to that of Martin Luther King Jr. and Mahatma Gandhi . Difficult conditions in America 's fields But as the film successfully highlights Chavez 's accomplishments , viewers will also be confronted with an uncomfortable truth about who picks their food and under what conditions . Unfortunately , Chavez 's successes do n't cross state lines . States such as New York , where farm workers face long hours without any overtime pay or a day of rest , are of concern for human rights activist Kerry Kennedy , president of the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights . The Kennedys have been supporters of the UFW since Sen. Robert Kennedy broke bread with Chavez during the last day of his fast against violence in 1968 . "  New York is 37 years behind California . Farm workers here can be fired if they tried collective bargaining , " Kennedy said after the "  Cesar Chavez " screening . "  We need a Cesar Chavez . " Opinion : Why I did n't eat for 22 days California is still the only state where farm workers have the right to organize . Kennedy is urging the passing of the Farmworkers Fair Labor Practices Act , which would give farm workers the right to one day of rest each week , time-and-a-half pay for work past an eight-hour day , as well as unemployment , workers ' compensation and disability insurance . It 's not just New York . Farm workers across the country face hardship . In Michigan 's blueberry fields , there 's a great deal of child labor , Rodriguez said . "  Because they 're paid by piece-rate , it puts a lot of stress on all family members to chip in . Plus , families work under one Social Security number because about 80 % of the farm worker population is undocumented , " Rodriguez added . That 's why the UFW and major grower associations worked closely with the Senate 's immigration reform bill to include special provisions that would give farm workers legal status if they continued to work in agriculture . "  Farm workers should n't struggle so much to feed their own families , and we can be part of that change , " Luna said . A national holiday in honor Chavez ? To help facilitate that change , Luna and the film 's cast -- Michael Peña as Chavez , America Ferrera as his wife , Helen , and Rosario Dawson as labor leader Dolores Huerta -- have been trekking all over the country promoting the film and a petition to make Chavez 's birthday on March 31 a national holiday . "  We are n't pushing Cesar Chavez Day just to give people a day off . It 's to give people a ` day on ' because we have a responsibility to provide service to our communities , " United Farm Workers president Arturo Rodriguez told CNN . In 2008 , President Barack Obama showed his support for the national holiday and even borrowed the United Farm Workers famous chant "  Si Se Puede ! ' -- coined by Dolores Huerta -- during his first presidential campaign . Obama endorsed it again in 2012 , when he created a national monument to honor Chavez , but the resolution still has to be passed by Congress to be recognized as a national holiday . Right now , Cesar Chavez Day is recognized only in California , Texas and Colorado . Huerta , 83 , is still going strong in her activism and has also helped promote the film . She said she wishes the film could have included more history , but she knows it 's impossible . "  There were so many important lessons in the film . All the sacrifices Cesar and his wife , Helen , had to make and the obstacles we had to face against the police and judges . We even had people that were killed in the movement but we were still able to organize , " Huerta said . Actor Tony Plana , who attending the New York screening , knew the late Chavez and credited him with the launch of his acting career . Plana , known for his role as the father on ABC 's "  Ugly Betty " TV series , said his first acting gig was in the UFW 's theatrical troupe educating and helping raising farm workers ' awareness about their work conditions . "  I 've waited more than 35 years for this film to be made , and I ca n't tell you how honored I am to finally see it happen , " Plana told CNN . Cesar Chavez an inspiration to Obama campaign It 's not that there was n't interest in making the biopic before : Hollywood studios and directors have approached the Chavez family in the past , but the family kept turning them down , mainly for two reasons . "  Well , first Cesar did n't want to spend the time making the film because there was so much work to do , and he was hesitant on being singled out because there were so many others that contributed to the UFW 's success , " said Rodriguez . It was n't until Luna came around and asked the Chavez family how they felt the movie should be made that the green light was given . But when it came time to getting the funding to produce the film , Hollywood was not willing . "  Hopefully this film will send a message to Hollywood that our -LSB- Latino -RSB- stories need to be portrayed in cinema , " Luna added . "  Latinos go to the movies more than anyone else , but we 're the least represented on screen . It does n't make any sense , " Dawson told CNN . In 2012 , Hispanics represented 18 % of the movie-going population but accounted for 25 % of all movies seen , according to Nielsen National Research Group . "  I hope young people use the power of social media to help spread the word about social change , " Dawson said . "  There is power in being a consumer and boycotting . If we want more as a community , we need to speak up . "	Cesar Chavez 's life not widely known , but actor-director Diego Luna hopes to change that Kennedy : "  New York is 37 years behind California . We need a Cesar Chavez . " Film depicts Chavez and UFW 's success , but there is still more work to be done Luna : "  Farm workers should n't struggle so much to feed their own families "
CNN  -- The search for a 4-year-old Arkansas boy who went missing during an outing ended Wednesday morning with the discovery of his body , authorities said . Caleb Linn 's remains were found in the South Fork River in northern Arkansas , according to Fulton County Sheriff 's dispatcher Arles Lenderman . No foul play was suspected in his disappearance . Two T-shirts worn by Caleb were found Tuesday afternoon along the river at the Boy Scout camp where he was last seen , officials said . "  We had pictures of the boy when we he went missing . They were the same clothes he was wearing that day , " Sheriff Buck Foley said . Caleb 's family was devastated by the loss of a boy they described as having a genial disposition . "  He was full of life , " stepfather Randy Muir told CNN affiliate KARK . "  He was an amazing young kid . " CNN affiliate KATV reported that the boy was last seen by his aunt on Saturday at Kia Kima Scout Reservation . Caleb had asked whether he could catch up with some other children who had gone back to a cabin area about 300 yards away , according to the station . The search covered about 1,000 acres , Foley said . The camp is near the Arkansas-Missouri border , about 160 miles north of Little Rock . Caleb 's aunt and mother identified the clothes as the little boy 's , Foley said . "  The family took it hard , " he added .	NEW : "  He was full of life , " stepfather says Caleb Linn 's body was found in an Arkansas river He was reported missing over the weekend at a Boy Scout camp No foul play is suspected in the 4-year-old 's disappearance
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India launched its first lunar mission on Wednesday , with hopes of achieving high-resolution images of the moon 's topography and diving into the international space race . The spacecraft carrying India 's first lunar probe , Chandrayaan-1 , lifts off in Sriharikota on Wednesday . The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 , or "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit , came at 6:20 a.m. Wednesday  8:50 p.m. ET  from the Sriharikota space center in southern India . The two-year mission seeks high-resolution imaging of the moon 's surface , especially the permanently shadowed polar regions , according to the Indian Space Research Organization . It will also search for evidence of water or ice and attempt to identify the chemical breakdown of certain lunar rocks , the group said . Despite the numerous missions to the moon over the past 50 years , "  we really do n't have a good map of the moon , " said Miles O'Brien , CNN chief technology and environment correspondent . "  The goal is to come up with a very intricate , three-dimensional map of the moon . " The Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the United States , European Union countries Germany , Britain , Sweden and Bulgaria , and India plans to share the data from the mission with other programs , including NASA . Watch the launch of India 's first lunar mission " ISRO said on its Web site that the mission would lay the groundwork for future lunar missions and "  probe the physical characteristics of the lunar surface in greater depth than previous missions by other nations . " "  It will also give us a deeper understanding about the planet Earth itself or its origins , " a statement on the Web site said . "  Earlier missions did not come out with a full understanding of the moon and that is the reason scientists are still interested . This will lay the foundation for bigger missions and also open up new possibilities of international networking and support for planetary programs . " Until now , India 's space launches have been more practical , with weather warning satellites and communiations systems , The Associated Press cited former NASA associated administrator Scott Pace as saying . To date , only the U.S. Russia , the European Space Agency , Japan and China have sent missions to the moon , according to AP . Critics of the mission have questioned its $ 80 million price tag , saying the money should have been spent by the government to improve education and fight poverty . But , "  there are scientists that would argue that there are plenty of things we do n't know about the moon ... and India might have the know-how " to find answers , said CNN 's Sara Sidner in New Delhi . The United States and the Soviet Union dominated the field of lunar exploration from the late 1950s . The United States is preparing for its own mission slated for next spring -- the first U.S. lunar mission in more than a decade , according to NASA . Soviet spacecraft were the first to fly by , land on and orbit the moon . Luna 1 , launched on January 2 , 1959 , and sped by the moon two days later . Luna 2 was launched on an impact mission on September 12 , 1959 , striking the surface two days later . Luna 9 launched on January 31 , 1966 , becoming the first craft to successfully land on the moon and send back data , touching down on the surface on January 31 , 1966 , and transmitting until February 3 , 1967 , when its batteries ran out . Luna 10 was launched March 31 , 1966 , entered lunar orbit on April 3 , and operated for 56 days . But the United States ' Apollo missions were the first manned missions to reach the moon , culminating with six missions that set down on the surface . The first , Apollo 11 , left earth on July 16 , 1969 , and landed astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin on the lunar surface on July 20 while command module pilot Michael Collins orbited above . The astronauts returned safely to earth on July 24 . Most recently India 's fellow Asian nations , China and Japan , put lunar orbiters in place . Japan launched the Kaguya orbiter in October 2007 , followed by China 's launch of the Chang ' e mission a few weeks later . Watch what is shaping up to be a new space race " "  Each nation is doing its own thing to drive its research technology for the well-being of that nation , " AP quoted Charles Vick , a space analyst for the Washington think tank GlobalSecurity.org , as saying . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the U.S. , EU and Bulgaria Two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-D imaging of the moon 's surface Chandrayaan-1 follows Japan and China 's missions to the moon Chandrayaan means "  moon craft " in ancient Sanskrit
As the drumbeat to roll back the Common Core State Standards gets louder , some people are starting to question the value and purpose of academic standards in the first place . Do states really need to set expectations for what all students should learn ? Are state standardized tests necessary ? Why not return to an age when Americans simply trusted their children 's teachers to craft curricula and appraise student progress ? Good questions , but perhaps more wishful than informed . Teachers should indeed be in charge of classroom instruction , but quality standards are an important piece of a comprehensive effort to boost student achievement . That effort also depends on quality assessments , clear information for parents and teachers to find out whether students have mastered the knowledge and skills they need , and some way to hold schools accountable for meeting the needs of the students they serve . The move by states to set academic standards -- which broadly define what students should know and be able to do in subjects like reading and math -- arose from the conviction that all children , regardless of race or socioeconomic status , should have an equal opportunity to learn what they need for college and beyond . Before state standards , schools , districts , and teachers held different students to different expectations . Affluent youngsters , especially if they were also white , were much likelier to get rigorous curricula , advanced courses , college-prep "  tracks " and "  gifted and talented " classes . Poor and minority students were apt to be placed into low-level courses and into vocational tracks . More than that , reliable studies show that even the hardest-working teachers with the best of intentions can unconsciously hold students to lower expectations , depending on where those students come from . For instance , one study published in 2012 by Rutgers psychology professor Kent D. Harber reported what happened when his team gave a poorly written essay to 113 white middle-school and high-school teachers . The teachers were told that the essay was written by a black student , a white student , or a Latino student , and that their feedback would be given directly to the student to help him or her improve . The result ? The teachers provided more praise and less criticism if they thought the student who wrote the essay was black or Hispanic . To combat these gaps in expectations , states began to develop expectations for student learning , broad guidelines meant to spell out what students should know and be able to do in core subjects at different grade levels . Today , ample evidence shows this strategy succeeds , so long as rigorous standards are accompanied by tests that measure student learning and accountability for results . When this happens , students do better . In 2005 , for instance , research published by the National Bureau of Economic Research found that state achievement growth as measured by the National Assessment of Educational Progress shows that "  accountability systems ... had a clear positive impact on student achievement . " Even more significant , the gains that schools have seen in the standards-and-accountability era have been stronger for disadvantaged youngsters . According to education analyst John Chubb , "  student achievement has grown much more rapidly in the last decade ... than during the 1990s , especially for the lowest achieving and most-disadvantaged students in the nation . " Since 2000 , "  the bottom 10 %  of students  had gained far more than the national average ... in math and reading , more than a full grade level in math . " Because standards -- and the tests and accompany them -- do affect what is taught and learned , the quality and rigor of those standards matters enormously . And that is where the Common Core standards are a game-changer . In math , they focus on the content that matters most and give teachers and their students the time and space they need for deep mastery of the knowledge and skills most needed for college and beyond . In literacy , the Common Core emphasizes three things that are essential to improving reading comprehension . These are : Reading and analyzing rigorous texts that are worth reading by placing "  equal emphasis on the sophistication of what students read and the skill with which they read . " The critical link between content and comprehension . Once students learn how to decode , reading comprehension is directly linked not just to their fluency with reading skills , but also with their knowledge and vocabulary . The Common Core underscores this connection and calls for curricula that build knowledge over time . The importance of "  close reading . " In a world that discourages us from giving careful attention to much of anything , the Common Core stresses reading closely and carefully , focusing on the author 's words , and using important , rich texts to build knowledge and deepen comprehension . These are essential not just for college readiness , but for full participation in any society 's civic culture . Standards alone do n't do this . Their promise is kept only if the tests are sound and the classroom implementation is meticulous . What 's needed to make real progress is to seize opportunities when they emerge . Common Core represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity to dramatically increase the rigor of standards , upgrade the tests and accountability systems , and make make necessary mid-course corrections to curricula , instruction , and standards implementation . Now is the time to move past politics and give teachers the space they need to make the promise of these expectations a reality for our children .	Kathleen Porter-Magee : People ask about value of academic standards like Common Core Porter-Magee : Standards and testing have resulted in big gains in academic achievement She says Common Core is a game-changer in making expectations more rigorous This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pull students up to potential , she says
CNN  -- June 12 Presidential elections are held following a campaign that saw huge rallies held in support of both incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and main opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , suggesting the race would be closely fought . Incumbent Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad casts his vote in Tehran last week . June 13 Moussavi calls for vote counting to stop , saying there are "  blatant violations . " The government says Ahmadinejad won the ballot with 62.63 percent of the vote , while Moussavi received 33.75 percent of the vote . Following the announcement , angry crowds in Iran 's capital break into shops , tear down signs and start fires as they protest the re-election of Ahmadinejad . June 14 Ahmadinejad gives victory speech , declines to guarantee the safety of Moussavi . Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gives his blessing to the outcome of the election . Authorities close Arabic network Al-Arabiya 's Tehran bureau for a week without offering a reason . Protests continue by Moussavi supporters , triggering a counterreaction from supporters of Ahmadinejad , tens of thousands of whom rallied in central Tehran . Men on motorcycles -- reportedly Ahmadinejad backers -- chase demonstrators and beat them with clubs , metal batons and baseball bats . June 15 Khamenei agrees to an investigation into the disputed presidential election and asks opposition leader Moussavi to pursue his allegation of ballot fraud through legal means . Moussavi supporters take to the streets in the largest protest since the 1979 revolution . Moussavi makes his first public appearance since the vote . At least 8 people are reported dead -- one at the end of the protest , the others after allegedly attacking a military post . Mohammad Ali Abtahi -- a former vice president who backed pro-reform presidential candidate , Mehdi Karrubi -- is arrested . Media rights group Reporters Without Borders urges nations not to recognize the results of the election , citing censorship and a crackdown on journalists . June 16 Iran 's Guardian Council election authority , a body of senior clerics and judges , agrees to recount some votes . Ahmadinejad leaves for Russia to meet with President Dmitry Medvedev . He is welcomed as the "  newly re-elected president of Iran . " Ahmadinejad returns to Iran later the same day . Moussavi rejects the recount , saying it will be misused add more credence to a fraudulent ballot . He calls for fresh elections . With rival rallies planned by backers of both Moussavi and Ahmadinejad in the center of Tehran , Moussavi urges his supporters to stay away , fearing further violence . Iran 's Ministry of Culture issues a ban on foreign media reporting from the streets of Tehran , meaning international news crews including CNN were not allowed to leave their hotels and offices . Thousands of people take to the streets in support of both sides in the disputed election . Iran 's all-powerful leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , appeals to the country 's people to stand behind the Islamic republic . June 17 Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , a powerful military force that enforces strict Islamic codes , threatens legal actions against Web sites it says are inciting violence . It also accuses U.S. and Canadian companies , including American intelligence agencies , for financially and technically supporting the Web sites . Moussavi 's supporters take to streets of Tehran in a fifth day of demonstrations , staging what is billed as a "  silent protest , " with some marchers wearing tape over their mouths . Rally passes without violence . Rights group Amnesty International says other protests are staged in other cities across Iran . Iran 's national football team wears green arm and wrist bands during a World Cup qualifying match in South Korea , a symbol taken by many to indicate solidarity with Moussavi 's supporters . June 18 Thousands of supporters of Mir Hossein Moussavi protest for a sixth consecutive day , many trading their green clothes for black garments in honor of at least eight protesters killed Monday . Meanwhile , in a televised speech , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims remarks he made on Sunday were taken out of context . After claiming victory in the elections , Ahmadinejad compared the putative losers to fans of a losing soccer team . "  I was addressing those who started riots and set up fires and attacked people , " he told the state-run news agency IRINN . Press TV reports that Iran 's Intelligence Ministry said it had arrested a number of "  main agents " behind vandalism during the daily demonstrations . June 19 In his first public appearance since the elections , supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei endorses Ahmadinejad 's win , insisting the margin of victory -- some 11 million votes -- was too large to have been manipulated . Khamenei expresses his support for Ahmadinejad and calls for an end to the protests , which he accused foreign powers including Britain , Israel and the United States of helping foment . He urged critics of the electoral process to seek redress through legal channels and warned that perpetrators of violent unrest would be punished .	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wins ballot with 62.63 percent of the vote Chief rival Mir Hossein Moussavi receives 33.75 percent Supporters of Moussavi dispute results and take to the streets of Tehran Iran 's election authority agrees to recount some votes
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Twenty-four weeks pregnant , Veronica Pacheco went to the emergency room last October with a hacking cough that made it hard to breathe . Tests found she had H1N1 flu , and doctors put her in a coma so her body could continue the gestational process without expending additional energy . "  My life changed forever after that , " Pacheco said . Six weeks later -- 10 weeks before full term -- her unborn baby 's vital signs dropped and doctors performed an emergency C-section . "  When I woke up , my husband said , ` We had to take out the baby ' and I immediately clutched my stomach , fearing the worst , " she said . "  But he settled me down and -LSB- said -RSB- , ` He 's OK , he 's down in the NICU . " Born 2 1/2 months early , Noah Pacheco weighed less than 3 pounds and was immediately put in the neonatal intensive care unit  NICU  -- a vital step for premature babies but often financially and emotionally stressful for families . The Pachecos found some relief with the help of Dr. Sean Daneshmand and his nonprofit Miracle Babies . The group provides financial assistance for items such as housing and medical expenses , baby supplies and transportation costs . "  To see people hearing there 's something wrong with their baby , and then to worry about everything around them -- I mean , life does n't stop . You still have to make your mortgage payments , " said Daneshmand , 41 . An obstetrician specializing in high-risk pregnancies since 2002 , Daneshmand had watched families struggle to cope with the financial pressures of having a child in the NICU . But in 2004 , his wife had complications with her pregnancy that threatened both her and her unborn child . Though Daneshmand had the medical knowledge , support and financial stability to delay a very premature birth -- his daughter was ultimately born six weeks early -- the experience shook him and gave him a new perspective of what his patients go through . "  What we went through was so traumatic , but it 's nothing compared to many of my patients , " he said . "  I wanted to take some of the suffering that these women go through away from them so they can really focus on their baby . " For years , Daneshmand gave patients money out of his own pocket before he started Miracle Babies in November 2009 . Now most of the group 's funding comes from individual donors and small corporate sponsors . So far , it has helped 80 families in California and across the country , including the Pachecos . "  They helped us with our mortgage , with gas , " said Veronica Pacheco 's husband , Mike . "  It was huge for us . " Families apply for assistance from Miracle Babies through hospital social workers . The application requires proof of financial need , and the baby must be in the NICU for at least two weeks . The group has n't rejected anyone yet . "  These are families that ... -LSB- are -RSB- in a time of crisis -LSB- and -RSB- now need extra help . And that 's what we 're about , " Daneshmand said . While families supported by the group are primarily located in southern California , they do not have to live in the area to receive aid . Families in the Midwest , Louisiana and on the East Coast have been helped by the program . The average amount a family receives is $ 1,200 ; it can be more depending on circumstances . So far , Miracle Babies has provided a total of $ 70,000 in assistance . If the group 's monetary support left an impression on families , so has Daneshmand 's compassion . "  Dr. Daneshmand made me feel very at ease , " said first-time parent Sofia Diouri , who at just 24 weeks pregnant had to have an emergency C-section earlier this month due to excessive bleeding . "  He made me feel like everything was going to be OK , even though it could have gone tragic in a matter of seconds . " With her less-than-2-pound daughter Mya hooked up to a breathing apparatus and several IVs , Diouri said , "  It 's hard seeing her struggle . ... You do n't think all these problems are going to happen . But it 's all real life now and it is really hard . " Miracle Babies helped ease some of that suffering for Diouri and her partner , Roy Coronado . The organization paid for housing near the hospital so they would n't have to travel hours each day to be with their daughter -- something they could n't have afforded on their own . For Daneshmand , the main goal is to help these families be happy , healthy and together . "  I want to see others be happy . ... That 's what drives me , that 's what makes me get up in the mornings ... that 's what makes me want to do more , " he said . "  I ca n't think of really any other time in one 's life where you need someone to be there for you . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Miracle Babies website and see how to help .	Miracle Babies helps families cope with financial stress of premature childbirth Dr. Sean Daneshmand started nonprofit after giving families money out of his own pocket The group has helped 80 families across the country since November 2009 Individual donors and small corporate sponsors fund the program
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A sister of a 17-year-old girl whose body was found this week two miles from her home in southern California said Friday she would not rest until the killer is apprehended . "  I will not have peace until this this person is found , " Elizabeth Lopez , 18 , said about the killer of her younger sister Norma , who vanished last Thursday as she walked home from summer classes at Valley View High School in Moreno Valley , about 70 miles east of Los Angeles . Authorities believe that Norma , who had planned to meet a younger sister and a friend at home , took a short cut through a dirt field to reach the family 's residence . Her sister contacted the police when Lopez failed to return home . The girl 's body was discovered Tuesday two miles away and identified Wednesday through dental records , police said . "  I always thought it was something safe , " Lopez said about the path her sister typically followed . "  I never suspected that my sister would get kidnapped in this empty lot of just dirt . " Sgt. Joe Barja of the Riverside Valley Sheriff 's Department declined to reveal the cause of death or reveal any injuries Lopez may have sustained but said the department is treating the death as a homicide . The victim 's sister said the family was trying to stay strong and to find the killer . "  That 's what 's keeping us motivated -- to get that person in custody so no other family could actually go through what we are going through , " Elizabeth Lopez told HLN 's "  Prime . " "  There 's a family here that loved her very much , even though sometimes we did fight -- but it was something stupid , something dumb . But we love her and miss her and one day we will be together again . " She expressed gratitude for the outpouring of support the family has received from the community , including a memorial service at the high school , which hundreds of students attended . "  I get a lot of strength from this , " she said . "  I did not expect this many people to actually support us . I thought this was just going to be one of those kidnappings that people do n't really get involved with ... I did not really expect anyone to actually really listen to the story that we had . " Lopez said her sister had hope to become a fashion designer , a makeup artist or a model . "  She had really big dreams in life , " she said . She recalled the last time she saw her sister , the morning of her disappearance . "  She brought me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and I opened up my sandwich and it had a happy face made with banana in it , " Lopez said . The offering was intended to to persuade her sister to lend her a pair of shoes , she said . Police are looking for a green "  SUV-type vehicle " that was seen driving from the area at the time of Lopez 's disappearance . The parents , who are originally from Guanajuato , Mexico , were being assisted by the Mexican Consulate , said Carolina Zaragoza , head of the consulate 's local office . The victim 's father , Martin Lopez , 44 , told CNN in a telephone interview that the neighborhood was generally a safe one and that Norma usually took precautions to stay safe . "  She never walked around without her mother , " he said in Spanish . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Sister "  will not have peace until this person is found " Norma Lopez 's body was discovered Tuesday Norma dreamed of being a fashion designer , makeup artist or model Authorities believe teen was taking a shortcut home when abducted
Rivers fed by torrential mountain rains spilled across the prairies of southern Alberta , Canada , Friday , leaving two people dead and covering downtown Calgary in brown floodwater . The two victims were caught up in the river that runs through the town of High River , about 40 miles south of Calgary , said Sgt. Josee Valiquette of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . The two people have not been identified ; a third person , a woman , remains missing . High River is one of several communities where residents have been evacuated because of the flooding . Red Deer , 90 miles north of Calgary , and Lethbridge , about 130 miles to the south of the city , also have evacuations in place . About 10,000 people in Medicine Hat , in southeastern Alberta , were being evacuated Friday ahead of the expected cresting of the South Saskatchewan River on Saturday , city spokeswoman Brandy Calvert said . That 's about one-sixth of the city 's 62,000 residents , she said . Officials expect Saturday 's flood to surpass the one they had in 1995 , which was the biggest on record , Calvert said . In Calgary , Mayor Naheed Nenshi said the Bow and Elbow rivers were carrying as much three times as much water through Calgary as they did during the city 's monstrous 2005 flood , which obliterated roads , chased residents from their homes and drowned livestock on the way to causing more than $ 400 million in damages . "  The Bow River looks like an ocean at the moment , " he said . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper toured affected areas by helicopter Friday afternoon along with Alberta Premier Alison Redford and Nenshi . "  Difficult day seeing so much devastation in southern Alberta , but encouraged by resilient spirit of so many Albertans , " Redford tweeted . She said Harper pledged federal support . Redford gave her condolences to the families of the flood victims and urged Albertans in flood-affected areas to stay safe . In Calgary , the 17,000-seat Saddledome -- home to the NHL Calgary Flames -- was flooded , along with parts of Calgary Zoo and the Calgary Stampede grounds , where the famous annual Calgary Stampede rodeo is scheduled to take place in less than two weeks . At the zoo , on the bank of the Bow River , staff moved the potbellied pigs and zebras to a safe location off site . The zoo said the other animals were moved to higher ground . As of Friday night , 25 neighborhoods in Calgary including most of downtown , were evacuated . They were also without power after the city ordered ENMAX , the energy utility , to shut it off in evacuated areas . Clean water continued to flow to homes , but the city asked residents to limit their use as much as possible . Residents in Calgary seemed alternately shocked by the flooding and willing to take it in stride . "  I do n't think anybody 's ever seen water flow through the streets , " Calgary resident Rylan Broadbent told CNN Friday after evacuating his apartment building in the Erlton neighborhood , next to the overflowing Elbow River . Others were more melancholy about the scope of the flooding , which forced more than 75,000 residents out of their homes and left the heart of the city largely deserted . "  We 're not out of the woods yet , " Neala Barton , the spokeswoman for the Alberta government , told CNN . Some shelters in the city were filled to capacity , Calgary officials said Friday . Schools were closed . Officials said most of the city 's many bridges were holding against the water , but at least one was under water and another had washed out . Still , the city 's director of roads reassured residents the bridges are safe . "  The piers , the abutments on either side of the bridges , are right down to bedrock . What that means is what they are standing on is absolutely tied to the ground , " Ryan Jestin said in a video posted on the city 's website , standing in the rain overlooking the flooded Bow River downtown . Meanwhile , Calgary police said they were patrolling evacuated areas to ensure that vacant homes and businesses would remain as safe as possible . See also : Colorado 's devastating Black Forest Fire 100 % contained Authorities declared a state of emergency in several cities , including the mountain town of Canmore , where on Thursday , raging water tore out a portion of the Trans-Canada Highway . Rescue crews used heavy construction equipment to rescue people from homes and businesses Thursday in High River , the network reported . Canada 's military was pitching in with helicopters and other assets to help local officials with rescue and evacuation efforts , Prime Minister Stephen Harper said . See also : Survivors of India floods recount horror The flooding was caused by a slow-moving storm that dumped 154 millimeters  more than 6 inches  of rain on the region from Wednesday to Thursday , CNN meteorologist Sherri Pugh said . As much as another inch of rain , about 25 millimeters , is possible northwest of Calgary on Friday , and yet another front is expected Monday , bringing the threat of more rain . Calgary , near the Canadian Rocky Mountains , is perhaps best known for its rodeo , held each July . More than 1.4 million people attended last year , organizers say . This year 's Stampede events are due to begin in 13 days . It was unclear if the flooding would affect the event , but organizers did say on their website that other events scheduled at the park where the Stampede is held have been canceled through Sunday . Calgary authorities are using the park as a staging area for flood response efforts . Survival kit : supplies for weathering a disaster	A third person is missing in the floods , the RCMP says About 10,000 people in Medicine Hat are evacuated Alberta 's premier offers condolences to the victims ' families A Calgary official reassures residents the bridges are safe
CNN  -- Emblazoned with a red Iron Cross and calling itself "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence , " the 1,518-page manifesto alleged to have been written by the suspect in shootings and bombings that left at least 92 people dead in Norway rambles from ways that "  Justiciar Knights " can avoid detection by police to relatives ' sexually transmitted diseases . Here are key points from the document , which CNN has not independently confirmed was written by suspect Anders Behring Breivik : -- The writer describes himself as "  Justiciar Knight Commander for Knights Templar Europe and one of several leaders of the National and pan-European Patriotic Resistance Movement . " -- He anticipates a European civil war taking place in three stages , ending in 2083 with the execution of cultural Marxists and the deportation of Muslims . -- The first stage runs through 2030 and includes "  open source warfare , military shock attacks by clandestine cell systems  and  further consolidation of conservative forces . " -- Between 2030 and 2070 , the author predicts "  more advanced forms of resistance groups  and the  preparation for pan-European coup d'etats . " -- The final stage -- when the author anticipates Europe being 30 % -50 % Muslim by country -- features the "  execution of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ... traitors , " deportation of Muslims and "  implementation of a Cultural Conservative political agenda " following the overthrow of existing governments across the continent . -- The author says he personally has been attacked repeatedly by Muslims : "  I 've ` only ' experienced 8 assaults , attempted robberies and multiple threats . I 've never actually been severely ravaged , robbed or beaten my Muslims  a broken nose is the worst thing that occurred  but I know more than 20 people who have . I know at least 2 girls that have been raped my Muslims and I am familiar with two more cases in my broader network  1 gang rape  . One girl though was cut badly in the face by Muslims . " -- He lists accused Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Radovan Karadzic among the people he would like to meet , denying that Karadzic is "  a mass murderer and a racist , " saying instead that "  for his efforts to rid Serbia of Islam he will always be considered and remembered as an honourable Crusader and a European war hero . " -- The author accuses Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg and his Labour Party of perpetuating "  cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ideals " and indoctrinating youth with those ideals . -- "  The situation is just chaotic , " the author writes , noting that "  thousands of Muslims " are coming into his country annually . "  These suicidal traitors must be stopped , " the author writes . -- The manifesto speculates about what would happen if the author were to survive "  a successful mission and live to stand a multiculturalist trial ... . When I wake up at the hospital , after surviving the gunshot wounds inflicted me , I realize at least for me personally , I will be waking up to a world of shit , a living nightmare . Not only will all my friends and family detest me and call me a monster ; the united global multiculturalist media will have their hands full figuring out multiple ways to character assassinate , vilify and demonize . " -- The author says he prefers fantasy video role-playing games to ones where the player sees through the eyes of someone shooting enemies , writing : "  I 'm generally more the fantasy RPG kind of person -- Dragon Age Origins etc. and not so much into first person shooters . " -- The author states that he was moved to action dating to "  my government 's involvement " in NATO 's 1999 strikes during the Kosovo campaign , claiming this wrongly targeted "  our Serbian brothers  who  wanted to drive Islam out by deporting the Albanian Muslims back to Albania . " -- "  Be extra careful when researching for bomb schematics  fertilizer bombs  , as many terms will trigger electronic alerts , " he writes , one of several tips that include using an "  anonymous laptop and browse free to your local McDonalds " in order to "  avoid ending up on any watch list . " -- Besides hands-on instructions , the document also functions as a running diary . It also includes references to his relatives ' sexual indiscretions , entries on some of his friends ' personal lives , and his own off-and-on steroid use . -- From July 2 on , though , the author becomes more business-like and complains that going off his testosterone supplements had ramped up his "  aggressiveness . " He then digs up his guns and prepares the bombs . It all leads up to July 22 , the date of the attacks . "  The old saying ` if you want something done , then do it yourself ' is as relevant now as it was then , " he writes . "  In many cases ; you could do it all yourself , it will just take a little more time . AND , without taking unacceptable risks . " -- The last entry is dated the day of the attack : "  I believe this will be my last entry . It is now Fri July 22nd , 12.51 . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Expects from the 1,518-page manifesto allegedly written by Norwegian terror suspect The manifesto is called "  2083 : A European Declaration of Independence " According to the manifesto "  2083 " is the year a European civil war will end
CNN  -- In the new trailer for "  Mad Max : Fury Road , " the world is almost out of water , everyone 's gone out of their mind -- and it all looks amazing . The fourth installment in George Miller 's post-apocalyptic series , "  Mad Max : Fury Road " stars Tom Hardy in Mel Gibson 's old role of Max Rockatansky , a man living in a world that is nothing but "  fire and blood . " Hoping to find a way to exist in the midst of insanity , he finds a partner in Charlize Theron 's Imperator Furiosa , who has no time for coddling . "  Out here , everything hurts , " Theron 's fierce character says in the clip . "  You want to get through this ? Do as I say . Now pick up what you can and run . " Between those bits of well-chosen dialogue , clever editing and a soaring score , even those who 've missed out on Miller 's prior "  Mad Max " movies will be curious to see what "  Fury Road 's " all about come May 15 , 2015 . If apocalypse and mayhem just is n't your flavor , there 's another , gentler movie arriving around the same time : Disney-Pixar 's "  Inside Out . " The animated movie takes us inside the emotional center of an adolescent girl named Riley in the middle of a major transition as her family relocates from the Midwest to San Francisco . Stars like Amy Poehler , Mindy Kaling , Bill Hader and Lewis Black provide the voices of Riley 's turbulent emotions , bringing life to feelings like Joy  Poehler  , Fear  Hader  , Anger  Black  and Disgust  Kaling . But as the latest trailer for "  Inside Out " shows , it 's not just young Riley whose emotions will be the center of attention -- we 'll get to see inside her parents ' heads , too . "  Inside Out " opens on June 19 , 2015 . Long before either "  Fury Road " or "  Inside Out " make their appearances , though , Rob Corddry , Clark Duke and Craig Robinson will be back with the sequel to 2010 's comedy "  Hot Tub Time Machine . " This time around , the trio find themselves shuttling off into the future -- 2025 , to be exact -- where they learn that their lives take a downward turn . But in an attempt to fix the problems before they start the trio accidentally cause another crisis , as seen in the movie 's new trailer .  Warning : There 's some crude and potentially offensive humor in this clip . "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " opens February 20 , 2015 .	A new trailer for "  Mad Max : Fury Road " premiered this week It was followed by clips for "  Inside Out " and "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " All three films will open in theaters in 2015
The full statement delivered by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak concerning Malaysia Airlines MH370 Monday : "  This evening I was briefed by representatives from the UK Air Accidents Investigation Branch -- or AAIB . They informed me that Inmarsat , the UK company that provided the satellite data which indicated the northern and southern corridors , has been performing further calculations on the data . Using a type of analysis never before used in an investigation of this sort , they have been able to shed more light on MH370 's flight path . "  Based on their new analysis , Inmarsat and the AAIB have concluded that MH370 flew along the southern corridor , and that its last position was in the middle of the Indian Ocean , west of Perth . This is a remote location , far from any possible landing sites . "  It is therefore with deep sadness and regret that I must inform you that , according to this new data , flight MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean . "  We will be holding a press conference tomorrow with further details . In the meantime , we wanted to inform you of this new development at the earliest opportunity . We share this information out of a commitment to openness and respect for the families , two principles which have guided this investigation . "  Malaysia Airlines have already spoken to the families of the passengers and crew to inform them of this development . For them , the past few weeks have been heartbreaking . I know this news must be harder still . I urge the media to respect their privacy , and to allow them the space they need at this difficult time . "	"  With deep sadness ... I must inform you that ... MH370 ended " in Indian Ocean , PM says Najib says Malaysia Airlines has spoken to passengers ' and crews ' families Prime Minister says data came from Inmarsat and British accident investigation board
For many victims , California 's new "  revenge porn " law does n't go far enough . Revenge porn , also called cyber revenge , is the act of posting sexual photos of an ex-lover online for vengeance . The photos were typically exchanged consensually over the course of a relationship and meant only for the other person . There are websites dedicated to posting and making money off of these types of shots , which are primarily of women . The new California law , which was signed into law on Tuesday by Gov. Jerry Brown , is only the second revenge porn-specific piece of legislation in the United States . Under the law , people convicted of distributing sexual images of exes face six months of jail time and a $ 1,000 fine . Critics say the law has some glaring loopholes . It only applies when the person accused of spreading the images online is also the photographer . It does not cover photos a person takes of themselves and shares with a lover , say during a sexting session . Up to 80 % of revenge porn victims had taken the photos of themselves , according to a recent survey by the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative . CCRI is a group founded by revenge porn victims and activists to push for legal reform in the United States . That means the vast majority of revenge porn cases would not qualify under this law . "  I definitely do n't think this bill goes far enough , though it is a step in the right direction , " said CCRI 's Holly Jacobs , who became a prominent anti-revenge porn activist after she was a victim herself . In Jacobs ' case , most of her photos posted online were self-shots but some were taken by her ex . "  We would only have been able to follow through with the charges if we linked his IP address to the pictures that he took of me , not those that I took of myself , " said Jacobs . Mary Anne Franks , a law professor at Miami Law School who is on the board at CCRI , said one of the possible reasons the law did not include self-shots is that the distinction was required so people who sent unsolicited nude photos of themselves were not covered . However , the law does specifically state that photos be taken "  under circumstances where the parties agree or understand that the image shall remain private . " "  I think we are really looking at a ` blame the victim ' mentality here , " said Franks , meaning people who take the photos of themselves were "  asking for it . " "  It 's disturbing that the drafters apparently think that some victims of nonconsensual pornography are not worth protecting , " said Franks . Another issue is that there could be difficulty enforcing the law even in cases that do qualify . The law applies to people who post photos to "  harass or annoy " and the perpetrators must have "  intent to cause serious emotional distress . " That could exclude people who post these types of images only for financial gain or other reasons like bragging rights . The sites that make money off of submitted revenge porn might be able to avoid prosecution by claiming they did not know the victims and therefore could n't have intended any harm . "  Until now , there was no tool for law enforcement to protect victims , " California state Sen. Anthony Cannella said in a statement . Cannella was one of the main authors of the new law . "  Too many have had their lives upended because of an action of another that they trusted . " Cannella 's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding criticisms of the law . Previously , victims of revenge porn had limited recourse when photos taken with consent were posted online . A person could sue the ex who uploaded the images or the site hosting them for invasion of privacy , but it did n't constitute harassment under California state laws . Victims would have had to pay for a costly civil suit . California is only the second state to have a law that addresses revenge porn . New Jersey has had a related law since 2003 that makes it a felony to post secretly recorded videos or photos online . Now other states are considering their own revenge porn laws , including New York and Wisconsin . Franks has been working with both states on early drafts of their laws , and she says that so far it looks like both avoid what she considers the weaknesses of the California law and include First Amendment protections . Activists would also like to see a federal law address revenge porn . Early on , the ACLU voiced concerns about the California law 's potentially negative impact on free speech , for example , if someone wanted to share a photo that had political implications or if a photo or video contained evidence of a crime . Florida was considering a revenge porn law but scrapped it following First Amendment concerns . The California bill contains an urgency clause , meaning it will go into effect immediately . The first few cases will show how effective the new legislation is in curbing revenge porn . Since it 's nearly impossible to scrub an image from the Internet once it has gone viral , the best possible outcome is that the law discourages people from seeking this type of revenge in the first place .	California has passed a new law making "  revenge porn " illegal The law does not apply to self-shot photos that are shared during a relationship Critics say the law does not go far enough to protect victims Wisconsin and New York are also considering anti-revenge porn laws
EW  -- Holiday TV marathons have become almost as great a tradition as Fourth of July fireworks . Wednesday 's best bet : TNT 's "  Dallas " marathon . If you have n't yet caught the reboot -- as gloriously unruly as Larry Hagman 's eyebrows -- you can watch the first four episodes  starting at 5 p.m. ET  leading into a new one at 9 p.m. ET . It 's already been picked up for a second season , so it 's safe to get invested . Also at the top of our list : Two tributes to the late Andy Griffith . TV Land marathons "  The Andy Griffith Show " from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. ET , while the Hallmark Movie Channel , not to be outdone , airs "  Matlock " from 6 a.m. to 8 a.m. ET the following morning . The best of the rest : HBO Zone : Jaws movie marathon , through "  Jaws IV : The Revenge , " begins at 1:40 p.m. ET . Encore Action : Superman movie marathon , through "  Superman IV : The Quest for Peace , " starts at 2:50 a.m. ET , with the cycle repeating itself at the more humane hours of 11:15 a.m. and 7:35 p.m. ET . SCIENCE : "  Firefly "  8 a.m. to 3 a.m ET  -- perfect time to prep for the cast 's Comic-Con reunion next week . USA : "  NCIS "  10 a.m. ET to 11 p.m. ET  -- warning , this is how they convert new fans . BBC America : "  Star Trek : The Next Generation "  8 a.m. to 5 a.m. ET  -- random ? Syfy : "  The Twilight Zone "  8 a.m. to 5 a.m. ET  -- old faithful . Smithsonian Channel : "  Aerial America "  6 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- the ultimate in armchair travel . HBO : "  John Adams "  10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET  -- the Emmy-winning miniseries starring Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney , in its entirety . Spike : "  Band of Brothers "  9 a.m. ET to 6 p.m ET  -- not in its entirety . Military Channel : "  The Revolutionary War "  11 a.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- patriotic ! G4 : "  Bomb Patrol : Afghanistan "  9 a.m. to 2 a.m. ET  -- ditto . History : "  The Revolution "  7 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- ditto . A&E : "  Criminal Minds " :  9 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET  -- ditt ... oh , wait . Food Network : "  Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives "  10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET  -- more or less addictive than Cake Boss  6 a.m. to noon ET , TLC  ? HGTV : "  House Hunters on Vacation "  6:30 a.m. to 9 a.m. ET  , various incarnations of "  House Hunters " and "  House Hunters International "  10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET  -- a smart move . IFC : "  Whisker Wars "  7 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. ET , 2:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. ET  -- an inspired move . ABC Family : "  America 's Funniest Home Videos "  11 a.m. to 11 p.m. ET  -- a dumb move . TNT : "  The Mentalist "  10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET  -- a move that no doubt pisses off a "  Law & Order " fan somewhere . VH1 : "  100 Greatest Songs of the 90s "  11 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET  -- remember , iTunes purchases add up . CLOO : "  House "  6 a.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- gone but not forgotten , as long as there 's repeats . Animal Planet : "  Call of the Wildman : More Live Action ! / Call of the Wildman "  1:30 p.m. to 6 a.m. ET  -- in the woods of Kentucky . CMT : "  My Big Redneck Vacation "  10 a.m. to 10 p.m. ET  -- in the woods , somewhere . E! : "  Keeping Up With the Kardashians "  3 p.m. ET to 10 p.m. ET  -- in the woods , in your dreams . ID : "  Who the  Bleep  Did I Marry ? "  9 a.m. to 3 a.m. ET  -- still the best show title ever . P.S. For those of you who just want to know what channel is airing "  Independence Day , " it 's AMC  8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET  . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The 4th of July offers lots of opportunity to watch TV Several series will have holiday marathons There will also be two tribute marathons to Andy Griffith
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- South Carolina Republican Party Chairwoman Karen Floyd seemed to suggest Wednesday that the time had come for GOP Gov. Mark Sanford to consider resigning from office . Gov. Mark Sanford has said it 's better for him to keep his governorship to "  learn lessons . " "  For the past two days , I have been speaking with Republican leaders across South Carolina , " she said in a statement . "  There is clearly a growing view that the time may have come for Governor Sanford to remove himself and his family from the limelight , so that he can devote his efforts full-time to repairing the damage in his personal life . " The statement comes on the same day as a growing number of GOP state senators called for Sanford to step down . CNN has learned that GOP Sens. Daniel Verdin , Shane Martin , Ronnie Cromer and Wes Hayes joined the anti-Sanford chorus Wednesday morning , bringing the total number of Republican senators calling for the governor 's resignation to 13 . There are 27 Republicans in the state Senate . Another state senator stopped just short of calling for Sanford to step down Wednesday . Glenn McConnell , Senate president pro tempore , did n't explicitly ask Sanford to resign , but he did ask him "  to do the right thing for himself , his family and our state . " Sanford and his staff have said repeatedly this week that he will not resign . He wrote in a message to his political action committee e-mail list Monday that while he considered resigning , "  I would ultimately be a better person and of more service in whatever doors God opened next in life if I stuck around to learn lessons rather than running and hiding down at the farm . " After returning last week from a secret trip to Argentina that his staff and wife did n't know about , Sanford admitted to an extramarital affair with a woman identified as Maria Belen Chapur . Sanford also told The Associated Press on Tuesday that he 's "  crossed lines " with other women , although Chapur was the only one he had sex with . Watch a report on Sanford 's situation " Sanford 's support among legislators and grassroots leaders in the state eroded considerably Tuesday after Sanford told The Associated Press he had met with his mistress more times than he had previously disclosed . He also admitted to dalliances with other women . At least four county GOP chairmen have also called for Sanford to go . Glenn McCall , the York County Republican Party chairman who has been leading a grassroots effort against the governor , said Wednesday that he and other conservative activists are postponing a rally at the State House next week because legislators are starting to come out strongly against Sanford . The rally had been scheduled to pressure Senate and House leaders to call for Sanford 's resignation and start an investigation into his activities . But now that officials are publicly coming out against the governor and Attorney General Henry McMaster has begun investigating Sanford 's travel records , McCall said the rally may not be necessary . "  We are hoping that legislators can quietly , in private talks with the governor , ask him if he would please step down , " McCall said . A top South Carolina Democrat also called for Sanford 's resignation Wednesday . "  While I believe an investigation should still be done to determine the full extent of Mark Sanford 's abuse of power , -LSB- through -RSB- his long stream of confessions he has already revealed enough immoral and reprehensible behavior to justify asking him to step -LSB- down -RSB- , " state Democratic Party Chairwoman Carol Fowler said in a statement . "  State officials seem unable to do anything except worry and talk about Governor Sanford 's extramarital affair , which we learn more about every few hours . " ... South Carolina ca n't afford to be at a standstill for the next 18 months with a governor who ignores his job responsibilities while pursuing personal interests , " the statement said . "  Any other worker in South Carolina would be fired for not showing up at work with no notice . " Late Tuesday , seven GOP senators , including Majority Leader Harvey Peeler , jointly issued a letter demanding that the governor step down because he has lost the trust of South Carolinians . "  The bottom line is that the Governor 's private matters should remain private , but his deception and negligence make it impossible for us to trust him , and for him to govern in the future , " they wrote . Peeler told CNN that Sanford "  has lost his ability to lead , and I 'm afraid he has lost his ability to function as a man . " "  He is sitting all alone in that big governor 's mansion , totally alone , " Peeler said . "  It 's about leadership and moving forward and it 's time for him to resign . " Peeler issued the statement along with Sens. Hugh Leatherman , Paul Campbell , Thomas Alexander , Jake Knotts , Larry Martin and William O'Dell . Earlier Tuesday , two of Sanford 's top conservative allies in the senate -- Larry Grooms and Kevin Bryant -- also said Sanford must go . The Greenville News , one of the largest papers in South Carolina , also issued a sharply worded editorial Wednesday telling Sanford to go . It wrote that Sanford has "  acted like a heart-sick school boy , and he 's revealed facts that clearly demonstrate he is capable of exceptional deception , arrogance and narcissism . " The State , of Columbia , South Carolina 's largest paper , editorialized earlier that he should remain in office . Watch a reporter from The State comment on the situation " The attorney general of South Carolina asked the State Law Enforcement Division to review Sanford 's travel records after the governor admitted Tuesday to more visits with his mistress than previously disclosed . The review by law enforcement officials would be the first formal investigation into whether Sanford abused his power while carrying on his affair . State Law Enforcement Division Chief Reggie Lloyd said he would not characterize the review as a criminal investigation . He told reporters on a conference call that law enforcement officials are reviewing documents from the governor 's office going back to 2003 , when Sanford came to power . He said the review should be concluded by the end of the week . Attorney General Henry McMaster , a Republican , had been reluctant to move forward with calls for an investigation into Sanford , saying he is wary of mixing legal matters with political score-settling from longtime Sanford opponents . However , an aide to McMaster told CNN on Tuesday that "  that all changed this morning when the governor disclosed additional trips that were not disclosed last week . " Sanford said in a statement Tuesday that he 's "  pleased that -LSB- the State Law Enforcement Division -RSB- will look into this matter . " "  There 's been a lot of speculation and innuendo on whether or not public moneys were used to advance my admitted unfaithfulness . To be very clear : no public money was ever used in connection with this . "	GOP chairwoman suggests Sanford may have to step down 13 of South Carolina 's 27 GOP state senators now calling on Sanford to resign South Carolina Democratic Party chairwoman calls for Sanford 's resignation County GOP Party chair cancels anti-Sanford rally , says it may not be needed
CNN  -- Eric "  The Actor " Lynch , who became a celebrity among celebrities by calling in to Howard Stern 's radio show , died Saturday , his manager said . Lynch , 39 , stood just 3 feet tall , but his reach was long thanks to the entertaining chemistry he developed with Stern over a decade of phone calls . "  Despite our sometimes testy on-air relationship the entire staff absolutely loved Eric the Actor , " a message on Stern 's website said Monday . Â "  When he visited the show in person everyone lined up to take pictures with him . Â And not just us -- celebrities all over the world loved Eric . " His manager , Johnny Fratto , confirmed Lynch 's death in a Twitter posting Sunday : "  I am so sorry and so sad to inform everyone that my friend Eric "  The Actor " Lynch passed away yesterday afternoon !!! " Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel , who had Lynch on his show in 2008 , tweeted that he was "  my all-time favorite Howard Stern caller and I will miss him terribly . " Comedian Wanda Sykes was also a Lynch fan . She tweeted : "  Sad to hear about the passing of #EricTheActor . He was one of my favorite callers . #ByeForNow " Bravo TV host Andy Cohen initially tweeted that he was praying that word of Lynch 's death was not true , but then : "  seems like it 's true ... So RIP Eric the Actor . One of the great Stern callers ever . He was incredibly entertaining for many years . :- " Comedian Artie Lange , who is well-known for his work on Stern 's radio show , tweeted that Lynch "  truly did n't care what u thought of him . Which in some ways made him happier than us all . " Lynch , who lived and died in Sacramento , California , suffered from Ehlers-Danlos syndrome , according to his Internet Movie Database biography . His health problems , however , did not keep him from working on several television shows , starting with a role as a travel agency client in a 2005 episode of NBC 's "  American Dreams . " His Stern stardom also helped Lynch land roles as a homeless man on the Fox TV drama "  Fringe " and a landlord on the USA Network 's "  In Plain Sight . " His television resume also includes a cameo role on the FX show "  Legit . " People we 've lost in 2014 See more comedy business content at CNN Comedy .	Listeners enjoyed Lynch 's testy on-air relationship with Howard Stern Late-night TV host Jimmy Kimmel : Lynch was "  my all-time favorite Howard Stern caller " Artie Lange : Lynch "  truly did n't care what u thought of him " Health problems did n't keep Lynch from working on several TV shows
CNN  -- Barcelona 's immediate footballing fortunes may be in some doubt , but the Spanish club 's members voted Saturday to approve a proposal aimed at securing its long-term future . Involved in a tense La Liga title race , locked in a Champions League battle with Atletico Madrid , facing a transfer ban due to alleged irregularities involving the signing of youth players , plus a tax investigation over the murky deal to buy Neymar -- it has been a testing season for the Catalan outfit . And the reaction has been one of defiance . Before Saturday 's 3-1 win at home to Real Betis , a big flag in the Camp Nou stated "  Do n't touch La Masia " -- a response to FIFA 's punishment for infringing transfer rules relating to players under the age of 18 . Barca 's famed academy has produced a conveyor belt of talent , but the "  Espai Barcai " proposal is deemed to be just as important to the team 's continued success . Some 118,000 members were called to vote after the Betis match in the club 's first referendum since 1950 , when it was decided to leave the Corts stadium and build a new one -- the Camp Nou . The turnout was not quite that high -- just under a third of the total . More than 27,000 members approved plans for a $ 725 million revamp that will extend the ground 's capacity to 105,000 people and develop the surrounding areas . Just over 9,500 voted against . The project is due to start in 2017 and be completed four years later , including the creation of a 12,000-capacity multi-sports pavilion and 5,000 new parking spaces . "  The members were voting for the future of this club , " said president Josep Maria Bartomeu , who was appointed after Sandro Rosell stood down in the wake of the Neymar revelations -- the club later paid an extra $ 18.5 million in taxes after being hit with fraud charges . "  Days like today are when the world sees what FC Barcelona is and means , " he added . "  The support for the New Espai BarÃ § a proposal has been extraordinary . It 's a huge project that will improve the club for years to come . " Saturday 's win on the pitch kept Barca a point behind Atletico with six games to play , ahead of Wednesday 's second leg of the Champions League quarterfinal at Vicente Calderon , with the score 1-1 . Lionel Messi opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 15th minute after Alexis Sanchez was tripped by Jordi Figueras , who in the second half diverted Adriano 's pass into his own net . Substitute Ruben Castro immediately reduced the deficit but Messi netted his 25th league goal this season after his 86th-minute penalty was blocked by goalkeeper Adan . Atletico stayed top with a 1-0 win at home to Villarreal thanks to Raul Garcia 's first-half header -- his 16th goal this season . Third-placed Real Madrid remained two points behind Barca following a 4-0 win at Real Sociedad , who stayed sixth . With star player Cristiano Ronaldo injured , record signing Gareth Bale took center stage with an opportunist long-range strike to put Real 2-0 up after Asier Illarramendi 's opener . Pepe then volleyed in from fellow defender Sergio Ramos ' headed pass , while Angel Di Maria sent substitute Alvaro Morata clear to wrap up a comfortable win ahead of the Champions League trip to Borussia Dortmund , with Real holding a 3-0 advantage . In Italy , Inter Milan 's hopes of qualifying for the second-tier Europa League suffered a blow as striker Diego Milito missed a penalty in Saturday 's 2-2 draw at home to struggling Bologna . It meant Walter Mazzarri 's fifth-placed team have not won for the past four Serie A matches . In France , Paris Saint-Germain guaranteed another season in the Champions League with a 3-0 win at home to Reims which put the Ligue 1 titleholder 16 points clear of second-placed Monaco with six games to play . Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani made up for the absence of injured star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic by opening the scoring just before halftime , while Algerian defender Aissa Mandi netted two own-goals after the break .	Barcelona 's members approve plan for $ 725M redevelopment of Camp Nou stadium Club 's first referendum since 1950 follows team 's 3-1 victory at home to Real Betis Results leaves second-placed Barca a point behind Champions League opponent Atletico Madrid Both Madrid clubs win on Saturday to keep La Liga title race in the balance
Atlanta  CNN  -- A North Georgia man is charged with murder after authorities say he put vodka in his 4-month-old 's baby bottle , leading to her death -- an incident that his public defender says was an accident . The infant girl died June 8 , 2011 , after she drank the vodka . Just over a year later , a DeKalb County grand jury indicted her father , Keith Antonine Furlow , on felony murder and second-degree cruelty to children , according to the court document filed Thursday . "  We 're at a point where we are just pursuing justice for this infant little girl , " District Attorney Robert James told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Friday . James earlier told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB that authorities do n't see any way the baby could have consumed the vodka , unless it was given to her by the now 20-year-old Furlow . "  Obviously , at that age , a child is n't old enough to get up and go pick up a bottle herself . Children at four months old are fed whatever it is they consume , " the district attorney said . "  So the evidence , we believe , would show that he actually fed this baby the vodka . " Furlow , of Stone Mountain , a community about 15 miles east of Atlanta , has not yet been formally arraigned on the charges . When that happens , he will plead not guilty , according to Corinne Mull , an attorney with the DeKalb County Public Defender 's Office representing him . "  Everything is n't always as it seems , " Mull said Friday in defense of her court-appointed client . "  Accidents happen . " The district attorney explained Friday that Furlow is being charged with felony murder because he is accused of killing his daughter while committing child cruelty . The latter charge states that Furlow , "  with criminal negligence , caused ... cruel and excessive physical pain by feeding a four month old an alcoholic beverage , " according to the indictment . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Keith Furlow , 20 , is charged with felony murder and cruelty to children A district attorney says Furlow "  fed " vodka to his baby , who died as a result Furlow 's public defender says the 4-month-old 's death was an accident
CNN  -- A three-goal blitz in 17 minutes preserved Manchester United 's unbeaten record in the English Premier League and saved them from an embarrassing defeat at Blackpool . The league leaders eventually won 3-2 at Bloomfield Road after newly-promoted Blackpool had stunned Alex Ferguson 's side by leading 2-0 at the interval . But two goals from Bulgarian striker Dimitar Berbatov and one from Mexican Javier Hernandez spared United 's blushes and extended their lead at the top of the table to five points over Arsenal . Blackpool , entertaining United in a top flight game for the first time in 40 years , flew out of the traps against their illustrious opponents and were ahead inside a quarter of an hour . Defender Craig Cathcart , who joined Blackpool from United in August last year , rose to head Charlie Adam 's corner into the net . When Blackpool doubled their advantage on 42 minutes a major shock looked to be on the cards . Again United failed to deal with a Blackpool corner and DJ Campbell nodded home at the far post . Ferguson sent his side out five minutes before the restart in an attempt to kick start their reply but they very nearly conceded a penalty when Rafael upended Luke Varney in the penalty area . Blackpool began to tire as United upped the tempo and they pulled a goal back when Berbatov turned home Darren Fletcher 's cross on 72 minutes . Just two minutes later Hernandez , on as a substitute for Wayne Rooney , collected Ryan Giggs ' pinpoint pass before firing low into the net . And with 88 minutes on the watch Berbatov grabbed his second and United 's winner when he ran onto a Paul Scholes pass and drilled a left foot shot into the net . After the match Ferguson told Sky Sports : "  In the first half we were battered . We were all over the place . Maybe we were too confident . "  We changed at half-time , Ryan Giggs made a tremendous difference . We started to penetrate and I think we were deserved winners in the end . " Aston Villa made it two wins in four days as they beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 . Gabriel Agbonlahor put Gerard Houllier 's side in front when he pounced on a loose ball to head past Wigan 's Omani goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi . Ashley Young then extended Villa 's lead from the penalty spot after he was brought down by Hendry Thomas . Wigan pulled a goal back with ten minutes left after James McCarthy 's long range effort deflected off James Collins but Villa held on for a win that takes them up to 13th in the table . Arsenal booked their place in the League Cup final after beating second division side Ipswich 3-0 at Emirates Stadium . The Premier League side trailed 1-0 from the first leg but sealed their place at Wembley thanks to goals from Danish striker Nicklas Bendtner , French defender Laurent Koscielny and Spain international Cesc Fabregas .	Manchester United come back from two goals down to beat Blackpool 3-2 Two goals from Dimitar Berbatov help United extend their lead at the top to five points Aston Villa win 2-1 at Wigan thanks to goals from Gabriel Agbonlahor and Ashley Young Arsenal beat Ipswich Town to claim a place in the Carling Cup final
CNN  -- Nigeria 's ruling party has set its presidential primaries for next month , a spokesman said Thursday . The primaries will be held between October 18 and 20 , said Rufai Alkali , a spokesman for the People 's Democratic Party . A single candidate will be ratified on October 23 , Alkali said . On Wednesday , President Goodluck Jonathan said he intends to run , and will make a formal declaration on Saturday . "  In presenting myself for service , I make no pretense that I have a magic wand that will solve all of Nigeria 's problems or that I am the most intelligent Nigerian , " Jonathan wrote on his Facebook page . "  Far from it . What I do promise is this -- if I am elected president in 2011 , I will make a covenant with you , the Nigerian people , to always do right by you , to tell you the truth at all times , to carry you along and most importantly to listen to you , fellow citizens in our communities , and also those of you on this page . " Jonathan 's eligibility was in question until last month , when the Peoples Democratic Party said he could run in an open race with other candidates next year . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to different regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket of the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . Yar ` Adua 's death in May , after a long illness , upset the order of the zoning . Yar ` Adua was elected in 2007 and his southern replacement threatened to halt the north 's turn at holding power . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	President Jonathan says he will formally declare his candidacy Saturday He made the announcement on his Facebook page Authorities approved his eligibility last month
CNN  -- A silent , invisible battle is being fought against roadside bombs in Iraq . Though the military does n't like to advertise their use , electronic jamming systems are playing a key role in neutralizing the threat . Smoke billows from tires of a U.S. military truck hit by an IED near the Iraqi-Syrian border in October 2005 . "  Any weapon we had against IEDs , -LSB- improvised explosive devices -RSB- was utilized including jamming technology , " said Jason Spencer , 29 , an Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , engineer who served with the Army in Iraq in 2005 . Vehicle mounted electronic jammers attempt to block a signal going to a radio-controlled IED . The military also uses portable backpack jammers . "  The sophistication of IEDs definitely increased during my time in Iraq , " said Spencer . "  There was a definite increase in remote detonation . " A signal going to a remote-controlled IED operates on a radio or infrared frequency . Jamming devices , known as Counter Radio Controlled Improvised Explosive Device Electronic Warfare , or CREW systems , attempt to intercept or block a signal before it reaches its intended target , preventing detonation . One common method is barrage jamming , which knocks out a broad range of radio signals . However , it also knocks out communications used by U.S. troops putting them at increased risk . "  Ideally what you want to be able to do is have something that can grab very precise signals , capture the signals and render them irrelevant without knocking out your own communication , " said CNN military analyst retired Army Brig. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . These technologies represent the last line of defense , Marks said . "  We do n't want to give our potential enemies an understanding of what we are doing to counter their efforts , " he said . Along with jammers , troops use air surveillance , robots , blast-resistant vehicles and mine rollers as countermeasures . See counter-IED technologies in Iraq " IEDs are the No. 1 source of U.S. and alllied casualties in Iraq , according to the Department of Defense . From July 2003 to July 2007 , 1,565 coalition forces were killed by IEDs , according to iCasualties.org . See the casualty toll inflicted by IEDs " "  We dealt with hundreds of IEDs while in theater , " said Spencer . "  IEDs were always on our minds during every patrol . " Spencer says IEDs come in a variety of shapes and sizes . "  From a simple mortar round on the side of the road with a fuse and a wire running to a push-button , to complex explosives poured into concrete  shaped like curbs  with remote detonators and booby traps . " Most roadside bombs are remotely detonated using common household devices : cell phones , garage door openers , burglar alarms , key fobs , doorbells , or remote controls for toy cars . Learn more about the IED threat " "  Our enemy hides in plain sight . He buys his bomb parts in stores . It 's standard commerce , " said Marks . U.S. forces are dealing with an adaptive , innovative and flexible enemy , according to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , or JIEDDO , which is leading the counter-IED effort for the military . As insurgents modify their devices to outwit the military , the military in turn adapts its own jamming technologies . Many companies have been tapped to supply jammers to coalition forces . JIEDDO is interested in technologies that can be used in the field within two to eight months -- "  light speed " in Defense Department terms . The Army 's main CREW system is the Warlock Duke , a vehicle - mounted radio jammer developed by Syracuse Research Corporation . It 's capable of jamming most radio-controlled IEDs , according to the Pentagon . The Navy , which oversees the CREW program , contracted BAE Systems to produce 3,800 wearable jammers to be fielded in Afghanistan and Iraq in 2008 . Canadian firm Med-Eng is building jammers for the Marines , reports military contractor General Dynamics . By the end of 2007 , JIEDDO will have funded more than 30,000 jammers for Marine and Army units . They have spent $ 1.6 billion on jamming technology for this fiscal year . "  This gear saves lives every day , " wrote retired Gen. Montgomery Meigs , director of the Joint IED Defeat Organization , in a column titled "  On the Offensive : The Battle Against IEDs . " One in six IEDs causes casualties in Iraq , JIEDDO reports . To remain effective the enemy "  must expose himself more and take higher risks to do his ugly work , " Meigs said . In January , the Government Accounting Office launched a review of JIEDDO and its efforts to counter IEDs . The Defense Science Board criticized the agency for focusing too much on defensive countermeasures "  to which the enemy quickly adapts , making these efforts less effective , " in an April 2006 report . JIEDDO is fully cooperating with the GAO , said Col. Dewey Ford , director of strategic communications for JIEDDO . He added that Congress has long supported eliminating the IED threat . JIEDDO said it is aggressively going after the bomb makers , working to destroy their networks . The agency acknowledges that the mission wo n't be achieved merely by technical means . "  The best way to counter the IED threat is through understanding the network that allows an IED to even be assembled , " said Marks , who supports JIEDDO 's work . "  I 'd rather have the guy who is going to put that IED in place get killed long before he 's even part of the network . And I do n't want him to know how I found him out because I want to find out where all his buddies are and kill them too . " E-mail to a friend	Counter-IED technologies are troops ' last line of defense in Iraq Signal jammers used to block an IED from detonating Enemy is adaptive , innovative and flexible Best way to combat insurgents -- go after the bomb makers
A massive statue of Pharaoh Amenhotep III was toppled in an earthquake some 3,000 years ago . It has risen again . The 50-ton , 13-meter  42-foot  statue was unveiled on Sunday at the ancient city of Luxor , Egypt , restored to its former grandeur due to the hard work of Egyptian and German archaeologists . The same team , including noted German archaeologist Hourig Sourouzian , unveiled two other massive statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III in March . Sourouzian heads the temple of Amenhotep III conservation project . The latest statue to be restored depicts Amenhotep III standing tall . "  These are up to now the highest standing effigies of an Egyptian king in striding attitude , " Sourouzian told Agence France-Presse . The temple of Amenhotep III was erected between 1390 and 1353 B.C. for the pharaoh , according to the World Monument Fund . It was 100 meters wide and 600 meters long , but only the lower sections of the structure remain . Egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy The newly restored statues can be found at the funerary temple of Amenhotep III . They join a pair of already-famous giants at the temple known as the Colossi of Memnon -- two 16-meter images of Amenhotep III seated on his throne . The Colossi of Memnon , which mark the entrance of the temple of Amenhotep III , are the most visible remains of what was once the most richly ornamented of all Theban monuments , says the World Monument Fund . "  The temple structure was originally destroyed by earthquakes , and , since it was never fully excavated , the site was overgrown with vegetation and threatened by seasonal floods and agricultural development , " says the organization . Pharaoh 's tomb sheds light on shadowy Egyptian dynasty Located more than 600 kilometers  370 miles  from Cairo , Luxor is divided by the Nile into two areas commonly referred to as the East and West Bank . The West Bank is home to some of Egypt 's most prized ancient temples and monuments . The unveiling comes at a time when Egypt 's tourism sector is fighting to pull itself out of a slump due to political instability that 's lingered since the ousting of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 .	Restored ancient statue of Pharaoh Amenhotep III unveiled in Luxor , Egypt Two other restored statues of the pharaoh were unveiled in March The statue weighs 50 tons and stands 13 meters tall
CNN  -- The National Security Agency scandal keeps getting juicier . Recent revelations , triggered by ex-NSA employee Edward Snowden 's earlier disclosures , indicate that the National Security Agency not only collects volumes of metadata about the phone numbers people use , it routinely stores the contents of phone conversations , text messages , e-mails and Internet activity . Former Vice President Dick Cheney explains that the collection of all of this information is crucial , because NSA staffers can not know what bits of it will turn out to be relevant to a counterterrorist investigation . In fact , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has agreed with that argument in approving bulk collection of American as well as foreign metadata for the past seven years . And if metadata must be stored for this purpose , it is an easy step from there to conclude that the contents of communications must be stored as well . The key question then becomes when the NSA may "  query " or identify the source of the metadata it has stored and read the communications it has collected . The NSA reports that it conducts queries of metadata only when it has a "  reasonable , articulable " suspicion that a number is linked to a foreign threat that has been identified as such by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . Section 703 of the Patriot Act , as amended in 2008 , limits looking at the contents of a communication to situations where the court has found probable cause to believe that information about a foreign threat will be revealed . Although one could ask for more oversight , this is n't a bad set of legal safeguards . If they were followed , the European naysayers about the NSA 's exploits would not be so hot under the collar . Many countries besides the United States collect and analyze electronic communications for national security purposes . The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that France and Spain helped our surveillance efforts by handing over phone records they collected on their citizens . Illustrated by the ease with which this spying took place , these countries impose fewer limitations on their surveillance activities than we do . The real question is whether we follow those limitations . Although the NSA may not conduct queries or examine content unless it or a court determines that "  national security " is at stake , national security is apparently at stake quite often , if the recent reports about monitoring hundreds of thousands of foreigners ' calls as well as the calls of foreign leaders are true . American journalist Glenn Greenwald , the principal conduit for Snowden 's revelations , even claims that the NSA is as interested in economic intelligence as it is in exposing terrorist plots . He offers as evidence documents showing that the U.S. has spied on conferences about negotiating economic agreements and on oil companies and ministries that oversee mines and energy resources . This may be the real reason European leaders are so incensed . Surveillance of terrorists is fine and probably can help them quite a bit . But surveillance of politicians and capitalists crosses boundaries that they might think should not be crossed , at least unless and until their intelligence agencies can do it as well as and as often as the U.S. can . In the meantime , Congress should get serious about making sure the NSA abides by the laws it has enacted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Slobogin .	Evidence indicates that the NSA stores contents of phone conversations and e-mails NSA can investigate only when it can show reason it might be linked to foreign threat Christopher Slobogin : If it is monitoring many thousands of calls , are all those justified ? Slobogin : Congress must make sure the NSA abides by the laws it has enacted
It was n't supposed to turn into a cold case mystery -- or possibly solve a couple , for that matter -- when Highway Patrol Trooper George Hoyle took new sonar equipment out to an Oklahoma lake on a training mission last week . But boy have things changed . The discovery of two submerged cars -- probably there for decades -- and the six bodies inside them have folks in western Oklahoma wondering whether two old mysteries can now be put aside . The biggest question remains unanswered . How did the cars -- which faced different directions -- come to be in the lake ? The cars turned out to be a 1969 Chevrolet Camaro and a 1952 Chevrolet , sitting just 50 feet from a marina and 12 feet underwater . Lake levels are now 13 feet below normal because of a drought . Their discovery was certainly a surprise . Hoyle was testing the high-tech sonar on September 10 when he saw something he did n't expect at the bottom of Foss Lake . "  I noticed that they were cars with this side-scan sonar , " he said . "  It puts off a very good image and very detailed . I knew for a fact they were cars and they were pretty close to one another . " The cars appear to match the descriptions of the vehicles in two cases that have remained mysteries for decades . Custer County Sheriff Bruce Peoples told KOCO that one of the cars , the Camaro , may have belonged to 16-year-old Jimmy Williams , a Sayre teenager who disappeared in 1970 with two friends : Thomas Rios and Leah Johnson , both 18 . The three teenagers went missing the night of November 20 , 1970 , when they went for a ride around Sayre in Williams ' blue Camaro with a white top , according to the Doe Network , a volunteer organization that helps law enforcement solve cold cases . Williams bought the used Camaro just six days before he went missing , and the muscle car was the envy of teenage boys at the time , said Dayva Spitzer , publisher of the Sayre Record and Beckham County Democrat newspaper . Johnson was Native American and , according to Spitzer , was said to be a descendent of Sitting Bull , the legendary Indian chief who led defeated Lt. Col. George Custer in the Battle of Little Bighorn in 1876 . Local residents regarded Johnson as an Indian princess , Spitzer said . Williams and his two passengers were supposed to go to a football game , but they may have gone hunting instead , Spitzer said . Williams was a hunter , Spitzer said , and in fact , two rifles were found , rusted and corroded , in the Camaro . The three teens never returned home . At the time , the family posted a $ 500 reward in the local newspaper for "  information leading to the finding of Jimmy Williams and subsequent meeting his parents , " with a phone number . Tipsters could collect , the ad says . More recently , Williams ' brother Gary , who works on an offshore oil rig , raised the reward to $ 10,000 in 2009 , Spitzer said . Tantalizing clues emerged this week : The Camaro was found with all four windows rolled down and appeared to have entered the water backwards . The other car , a Chevy , was found with the driver 's side door open . Sheriff Peoples has n't ruled out foul play , but he suggested this week that all six deaths were likely accidents . Debbie McManaman said she believes the older car contains the remains of her grandfather , John Alva Porter . Porter , then 69 , was traveling in a green Chevy with a sibling , Alrie Porter , and friend Nora Marie Duncan , 58 , on April 8 , 1969 , when they all went missing , said Mike Nance , regional system administrator for the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System . McManaman said she used to bring her kids out to the lake to skip rocks . She said she had no idea that the answer and the clues to her grandfather 's disappearance may have been just feet away underwater . In fact , over the years , when she and her kids drove by the lake , they wondered aloud if grandpa was in the lake , she said . "  Maybe that 's where he 's at , " she said . The year he disappeared had a lot of rain , perhaps allowing a deeper lake to hide its secrets better , she said . Authorities did n't know what they had until Tuesday , when they sent down Darrell Splawn , a diver with the Highway Patrol 's underwater search and recovery team . And even then , it was tough to know anything for certain . Visibility is only about 4 inches at the bottom of the lake . There 's lots of murky muck to sift through . "  You ca n't see anything , " Splawn said . "  You basically just go down there and feel with your hands . It 's just a blind feel . " Still , he found a shoe , so they attached a tow cable and pulled the cars out . "  It did n't really cross my mind as to a body being in it , " Splawn said . "  It could have been a shoe , but whenever we brought them up to the shore ... you could see the skeletal remains in them . " A second search by the diver found a skull and a few other bones . Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake ; may date to '60s , 1970 disappearances Positive identification of the bodies could take years , authorities warn . They 'll try to match DNA evidence if possible . The DNA testing will take place at the University of North Texas Health Science Center , which already has DNA samples from Duncan 's relatives , said spokesman J. Todd Matthews . A muddy wallet and purse could hold some clues . While the scientists look for answers , the troopers hope they 've provided some peace of mind . "  We are very fortunate to get to help these people and give their family closure , for they have lost loved ones , " said Trooper Hoyle , who talked to the brother of one person missing for more than four decades . "  They did n't know that they were kidnapped or how they 'd become missing , but I do believe that we gave them some closure ... so that they can have some resolve and serenity in their own lives . " Evidence in killing of former beauty queen points to ex-priest Four females brought back to life by new images , DNA tests	Among missing is a Native American girl , 18 , a descendant of Sitting Bull She was in a Camaro that her friend bought six days earlier Granddaughter of another victim always drove by lake , wondering if he was in it Sheriff has n't ruled out foul play but suggests all deaths were accidents
Edward Snowden will likely prove to be the most costly leaker of American secrets in the history of the Republic . I know that we have had our share of spies . Benedict Arnold was bent on betraying the garrison at West Point to the British during the Revolution . Klaus Fuchs and Julius and Ethel Rosenberg ferreted out nuclear secrets for the Russians . Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanssen identified American penetrations for ultimate execution by the Soviets . We have also had our share of leakers . Daniel Ellsberg copied thousands of pages of documents related to the Vietnam War . Bradley Manning is accused of indiscriminately scoured the Defense Department 's SIPRNET  Secret Internet Protocol Router Network  for all manner of military reports and diplomatic cables . But Snowden is in a class by himself . The secrets that Arnold wanted to betray fit into the heel of the boot of his British case officer . The "  atom bomb " spies reported out using secret ink . Ellsberg was limited to the number of documents he could physically Xerox . Manning , although fully empowered by digital media , had access only to a secret level network housing largely tactical information . Snowden fled to China with several computers ' worth of data from NSANET , one of the most highly classified and sensitive networks in American intelligence . The damage is potentially so great that NSA has taken one of its most respected senior operations officers off mission tasks to lead the damage assessment effort . In general terms , it 's already clear Snowden 's betrayal hurts in at least three important ways . First , there is the undeniable operational effect of informing adversaries of American intelligence 's tactics , techniques and procedures . Snowden 's disclosures go beyond the "  what " of a particular secret or source . He is busily revealing the "  how " of American collection . The Guardian newspaper 's Glenn Greenwald , far more deserving of the Justice Department 's characterization of a co-conspirator than Fox 's James Rosen ever was , claims that Snowden has documents that comprise "  basically the instruction manual for how the NSA is built . ... -LSB- To prove -RSB- what he was saying was true , he had to take ... very sensitive , detailed blueprints of how the NSA does what they do . " Greenwald has disputed the notion that he aided Snowden , telling David Gregory on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " : "  The assumption in your question , David , is completely without evidence , the idea I 've aided and abetted him in any way . " And Michael Clemente , Fox News ' executive vice president of news , has said , "  we are outraged to learn ... that James Rosen was named a criminal co-conspirator for simply doing his job as a reporter . " Greenwald : Snowden is ` the classically responsible whistle-blower ' Absent "  rogue " U.S. action to silence him , Snowden has promised not to reveal this data , but there are already reports of counterterrorism targets changing their communications patterns . And I would lose all respect for China 's Ministry of State Security and Russia 's FSB if they have not already fully harvested Snowden 's digital data trove . As former director of CIA , I would claim that the top 20 % of American intelligence -- that exquisite insight into an enemy 's intentions -- is generally provided by human sources . But as a former director of NSA , I would also suggest that the base 50 % to 60 % of American intelligence day in and day out is provided by signals intelligence , the kinds of intercepted communications that Snowden has so blithely put at risk . But there is other damage , such as the undeniable economic punishment that will be inflicted on American businesses for simply complying with American law . Others , most notably in Europe , will rend their garments in faux shock and outrage that these firms have done this , all the while ignoring that these very same companies , along with their European counterparts , behave the same way when confronted with the lawful demands of European states . The real purpose of those complaints is competitive economic advantage , putting added burdens on or even disqualifying American firms competing in Europe for the big data and cloud services that are at the cutting edge of the global IT industry . Or , in the case of France , to slow negotiations on a trans - Atlantic trade agreement that threatens the privileged position of French agriculture , outrage more based on protecting the production of cheese than preventing any alleged violation of privacy . The third great harm of Snowden 's efforts to date is the erosion of confidence in the ability of the United States to do anything discreetly or keep anything secret . Manning 's torrent of disclosures certainly caused great harm , but there was at least the plausible defense that this was a one-off phenomenon , a regrettable error we 're aggressively correcting . Snowden shows that we have fallen short and that the issue may be more systemic rather than isolated . At least that 's what I would fear if I were a foreign intelligence chief approached by the Americans to do anything of import . Snowden seems undeterred by any of these consequences . After all , he believes he is acting for a higher good -- an almost romantic attachment to the merits of absolute transparency -- and he seems indifferent to the legitimacy of any claims of national security . The appropriate balance between liberty and security has bedeviled free peoples , including Americans , for centuries . But it takes a special kind of arrogance for this young man to believe that his moral judgment on the dilemma suddenly trumps that of two  incredibly different  presidents , both houses of the U.S. Congress , both political parties , the U.S. court system and more than 30,000 of his co-workers . Arrogant or not , Snowden has thrust into public view sensitive and controversial espionage activities . So what of his facts , fictions and fears and of the national debate that he claims he intended to stimulate ? More on this in following columns . Another view : Edward Snowden is a hero	Michael Hayden : Snowden will likely be most damaging leaker in American history He says the large trove of data reveals how America collects much of its intelligence Hayden says U.S. economic rivals will use it to disadvantage American companies He says other nations will doubt whether the U.S. can do anything in secret
CNN  -- The world saw him first blackened and bloated , his body marred by cuts , bruises and shrapnel that sliced through his flesh . That was a decade ago , when Peter Hughes was one of many Australian vacationers in the Indonesian island resort of Kuta . It had been just after 11 p.m. , as he was about to reach for his Bintang beer at bustling Paddy 's Bar , that the first of three bombs blew up . Hughes figures the suicide bomber must have been just a few feet from him . He felt a woman crashing into him . He saw dust , embers and then everything went black and silent . "  There was a moment there where it seemed nothing was happening , " he recalled . Until the second bomb . Hughes was struggling to get out of Paddy 's when a car bomb went off at a nearby nightclub . A third bomb went off later , near the U.S. Consulate in Renon , a suburb of Denpasar , police said . His body was 50 percent burned . His left calf was blown off . A shard of glass had lodged in his stomach . Cameras captured Hughes ' ordeal . "  I could n't feel the pain because of the shock , " he said . In hospital , Hughes fell into a coma for almost three weeks and went into cardiac arrest three times . But he survived . He learned to walk again , talk again . To smell . To taste . But he will never fully recover , he said . How could anyone after something like that ? Now 52 , he goes on with his construction business in Perth . And he 's become a motivational speaker and written a book , "  Back From the Dead . " Thursday , Hughes awaited news of the fate of Umar Patek , an Indonesian man accused of assembling the bombs used in the 2002 Bali attacks . Three of the bombing masterminds -- Imam Samudra , Amrozi bin Nurhasyim and Ali Ghufron -- were executed in 2008 . Hughes wished the same sentence for Patek . "  Look , he 's the highest level of criminal , I think , " Hughes said . "  Someone who does something premeditated like that deserves the death penalty . He 's not to be trusted . " When it was announced that Patek will serve 20 years in jail , Hughes was disappointed . At least the court found Patek guilty , Hughes said . "  We have to go along with the judges ' ruling , " he said . He hopes that Patek will not be treated very well in jail . That 's what Hughes will cling to as he goes on with his life . As the 10th anniversary of the Bali bombings approaches , Hughes lives with the scars everyone can see . "  Sometimes it 's a battle to prepare your body . If you go to the gym , when you go for a walk , " he says . And then there are scars that are invisible , like the anxiety of being in crowded places . He reminds himself : "  I 'm a lot better off than the people who died . " He laughs with the friends who also survived the Bali bombings . They understand . He 's been back to Indonesia 25 times since 2002 . He likes to confront his demons , not avoid them . But October 12 , 2002 , will forever be a marking point , like a huge blip that went off the charts of his life . "  It was heartbreaking , " he said . It 's a memory that no guilty verdict or punishment can ever make better . It will stay with him always .	Peter Hughes was badly injured and was in a coma for nearly three weeks He was one of many Australians on holiday in Bali at the time of the bombings 10 years on , Hughes life is forever changed He is disappointed that accused bombmaker Umar Patek was not sentenced to death
The baby Amanda Berry gave birth to while she was held captive in a Cleveland home was delivered by another one of the young women in the house , according to a police source familiar with the investigation . The information was corroborated in a police report seen by CNN . When Berry went into labor , Ariel Castro , now charged with kidnapping and rape , grabbed captive Michelle Knight and told her to deliver the baby . The baby was born into a plastic tub or pool to contain the afterbirth and amniotic fluid . When the baby was born , it stopped breathing and everyone started screaming , the source said , citing the girl 's account . Castro allegedly said , "  if that baby dies , I 'm going to kill you . " "  What 's most incredible here is that this girl who knows nothing about childbirth was able to deliver a baby that is now a healthy 6-year-old , " the source said . The three women spent their days and nights captive at 2207 Seymour Avenue , a 1,400-square-foot home in one of Cleveland 's oldest neighborhoods . They went outside only twice in that span -- just "  briefly " at that -- Cleveland public safety director Martin Flask said . More often , the three would be in different rooms , though they interacted occasionally and came to "  rely on each other for survival , " said a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . One thing they could count on was that their alleged captor would never let them out . Castro would often test Berry , Knight and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , the young women he 'd allegedly abducted , by pretending to leave , said the law enforcement source . He 'd return suddenly : If there were indications any of the women had moved , they 'd be disciplined . Years went by . In that time , the women saw their parents on television at vigils held for them , according to the law enforcement source . They got emotional , knowing their loved ones were looking for them . And in time , Knight and DeJesus "  succumbed " to "  their reality , " the law enforcement source said . But "  something must have clicked " for Berry on Monday evening , said Cleveland 's deputy police chief Ed Tomba . She staged a daring escape , and with the help of Castro 's neighbors Charles Ramsey and Angel Cordero , freed herself , her 6-year-old daughter , Knight and DeJesus . Neighbor who helped Berry an instant Internet star On Wednesday night , Castro , the man who allegedly held them against their will for so many years , was behind bars . He 'll be arraigned Thursday morning on four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape tied to the case , said Victor Perez , chief assistant prosecutor for the city of Cleveland . The women found in his home , meanwhile , are back with family -- the same relatives who cried and struggled but , for the most part , never gave up hope . "  I knew my daughter was out there alive , " said Felix DeJesus , Gina 's father , moments after she arrived Wednesday afternoon at a family home in Cleveland . "  I knew she needed me , and I never gave up . " Survival the key difference from ` House of Horrors ' case Lured into a vehicle , then trapped in a home Knight was 21 on August 22 , 2002 , when Castro lured her into his vehicle along Cleveland 's Lorain Avenue , according to charging documents . Castro took her back to his home on Seymour Avenue , about three miles away , and did n't let her go . In that time , Knight was sexually assaulted repeatedly , the documents state . But soon , she was n't alone . The next year -- on April 21 , 2003 , the eve of her 17th birthday -- Berry experienced the same nightmare scenario . While walking home from her job at Burger King that night , she too took a ride from Castro on Lorain Avenue . Almost exactly a year later , they were joined by DeJesus , then all of 14 years old . Who are Berry , DeJesus and Knight They remained in that hell until Monday evening , when Berry screamed for help . Hearing her cries , Ramsey and Cordero kicked in a door to help her escape . According to Cordero , Berry 's 6-year-old daughter ran out of the house too , wearing only a diaper and a sullied shirt . Police are conducting a DNA test to determine the child 's paternity . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " Berry begged a 911 operator from Ramsey 's house . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " Cleveland police Chief Michael McGrath told NBC 's "  Today " show that the women were bound and that there were "  chains and ropes in the home . " There were no apparent constraints Monday , the law enforcement source with firsthand knowledge of the investigation said . Yet Knight and DeJesus did n't run out of the house with Berry although they could have , the source said , describing them as brainwashed and fearful . ` Ariel kept everybody at a distance ' So how did this all happen in an urban neighborhood ? Did Castro , a former school bus driver and upbeat and "  outgoing " musician , according to one bandmate , keep such a secret from not only his neighbors but his family , as police allege ? Timeline : From missing to liberated Soon after the three women were found , Castro and two of his brothers who were with him were taken into custody . Over the next two days , authorities officials "  found no facts to link " Onil and Pedro Castro to the kidnappings -- though both brothers will appear in Cleveland Municipal Court on Thursday related to outstanding warrants on misdemeanor cases on other matters . "  Ariel kept everybody at a distance , " Tomba said of the suspect , explaining why even his brothers and other family members  Castro talked on Facebook about having five grandchildren  apparently were in the dark . Castro has been talking to investigators since Tuesday , as have the three young women police say he kidnapped and raped . After those conversations , Tomba said he does n't believe there are other victims -- including Ashley Summers , who was 14 when she went missing in the same part of Cleveland in 2007 -- or anyone other than Castro involved . And since Monday , law enforcement personnel have combed through Castro 's Seymour Avenue home -- which Tomba said was in "  disarray " when officers first went in -- and removed more than 200 items that they hope will let them piece together what happened . Additionally , FBI agents searched a boarded-up home two doors down after obtaining information over the past few days tying that building to the case , the deputy police chief explained . Second-guessing if more could have been done As they investigate , authorities are facing second-guessing as to whether any of this could have been prevented . Some comes from neighbors who say they contacted police about suspicious activity on Castro 's property such as reports of screaming and naked women in his backyard . Authorities say they never got any such calls . In fact , police say they had only been to Castro 's house twice , once after he called about a fight on his street and in 2004 to investigate an incident in which he was accused of leaving a child alone on a bus . No one answered at the home , and investigators later interviewed him elsewhere , police said . Police deny neighbors called about suspicious activity And according to court documents from 2005 , Castro 's former common-law wife accused him of repeatedly abusing her , including breaking her nose twice , breaking two ribs , dislocating her shoulder twice and knocking out a tooth . A judge granted a protection order but lifted it three months later . Tomba , for one , said he does n't think authorities dropped the ball . "  I 'm just very , very confident  that  law enforcement officers ... checked every single lead , and if there was one bit of evidence  they would have  followed it up very , very aggressively , " he said . "  In hindsight , we may find out that maybe we did , but that 's going to be in hindsight . " Neighbors feel ` fooled ' by Cleveland abduction suspect Relief , joy as victims reunite with family For the first time in years , relatives of Berry , DeJesus and Knight -- whom Perez described Wednesday as "  safe and healthy " -- do n't have only memories to fall back on . They can look forward , and move on with their lives . Barbara Knight told "  Today " that , as of Wednesday , she still had n't talked with her daughter Michelle . Michelle Knight , now 32 , was then in a Cleveland hospital in a good condition . "  She 's probably angry at the world , because she thought she would never be found , " Barbara Knight said . "  But thank God that somebody did . " Asked what she would tell her daughter , her mother said , "  I love you and I missed you all this time . " Well-wishers welcomed Berry and her daughter on Wednesday to a family home in Cleveland that was decorated with balloons and stuffed animals . "  We are so happy to have Amanda and her daughter home , " said her sister , Beth Serrano . A similar scene played out at a DeJesus family home , where relatives embraced their long-lost relative . Sandra Ruiz said that her niece , DeJesus , is "  ecstatic " to be back with her relatives . When the now 23-year-old arrived at the house , "  she was happy , she looked at the house and she wanted a tour . " "  What more can she say -- her face , her expression , her smile ,  her  hugging says it all . "	Police : When the baby was born , it stopped breathing "  Something must have clicked " to spur Amanda Berry to escape , police say 2 women , who were brainwashed and fearful , did n't run with Berry , a source says "  Ariel kept everybody at a distance , " police say , adding others were n't involved
CNN  Online solidarity strikes again . A fundraising campaign to support a disabled pensioner who was a victim of a mugging attack has raised more than # 300,000  $ 452,000  towards a new home . An assailant shoved Alan Barnes , 67 -- who is just four feet six inches tall and partially blind -- to the ground and demanded he hand over his money in Gateshead , a town in the north east of England . Barnes suffered a broken collar bone , but his attacker left empty handed . Beautician Katie Cutler read about the attack on a British newspaper website and created a fundraising page via the GoFundMe website . She says that Alan is too scared to return home and she would like to raise # 500 to help towards a new house . "  After reading his article on the Mirror.co.uk I was so upset that anyone could target a disabled pensioner & be so cruel , " she says on the page . "  We ca n't take away what has happened but with a little donation we can make the future a prettier one & help towards the cost of his new home . Thank you all . " A staggering # 302,000  $ 455,000  later -- and growing -- Cutler took to Twitter to express her gratitude towards the generosity of the online community . The donations were not just monetary either -- Cutler says a man has offered to fit a new kitchen for Barnes ; another has pledged to decorate his new home . Northumbria Police are still searching for the attacker and appealing for further information . Detective Constable Chris Neil said : "  This was a cowardly assault on a vulnerable man who was n't able to defend himself . His disability means he is partially sighted and quite short and it 's disgraceful that someone would target him . " But the outpouring of support has left many with a restored faith in humanity , and the fundraising continues : Other hugely successful crowd-funding campaigns include over $ 5.4 million raised by Stephen Sutton , a teenager with incurable cancer who eventually passed away . Sutton gave the money to the Teenage Cancer Trust -- the charity that supported him through his illness .	A disabled pensioner from the north east of England was mugged and left with a broken collar bone After reading his story on a British website , beautician Katie Cutler organized an online fundraising page to fund his new home Donations have surpassed # 300K  $ 452K  and are growing , as well as offers to fit a kitchen and decorate his home
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's long-simmering war with a Kurdish insurgency has escalated over the last year , reaching death tolls unseen in more than a decade , a new report focusing on the conflict says . "  Turkey 's Kurdish conflict is becoming more violent , with more than 700 dead in fourteen months , the highest casualties in thirteen years , " concluded the International Crisis Group , a conflict resolution organization that has extensively researched Turkey 's war with the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . "  We 're seeing the longest pitched battles between the army and the PKK , we 're seeing a wide-spread campaign of kidnapping , suicide bombings and terrorist attacks by the PKK . They 're very much on the offensive and unfortunately this is matched by much harder line rhetoric on both sides , " added Hugh Pope , the chief author of the International Crisis Group report , in an interview with CNN . 115 Kurdish rebels killed in 14 days Last weekend alone , at least eight Turkish police officers and four soldiers were killed in two separate ambushes in southeastern Turkey . The PKK promptly claimed responsibility for both attacks . The Turkish government , meanwhile , claims to have killed hundreds of PKK fighters in recent months , both in operations in southeastern , predominantly Kurdish-populated Turkey and during air raids against suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . "  Within the last month , in the operations executed throughout the region , about 500 terrorists were eliminated , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a speech Monday . "  We will on the one hand develop Turkey and on the other hand continue to tirelessly struggle against this terrorist organization that has bloody hands . " The escalation of violence and hard-line rhetoric on both sides has jeopardized hopes of bringing an end to a conflict that has bedeviled Turkey for 30 years . It also threatens to destabilize a member of the NATO military alliance that is already grappling with the influx of more than 80,000 refugees fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria . For decades , the Turkish state discriminated against the Kurds , Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , which now makes up roughly 20 % of the population . The Kurdish language was banned , and Kurds were long referred to as "  mountain Turks . " The PKK , led by one of its founders , Abdullah Ocalan , launched a bloody campaign to carve out an independent homeland for Kurds from Turkey , as well as neighboring Iran , Iraq and Syria , in the 1980s . The conflict killed more than 30,000 people , most of them ethnic Kurds . The war that raged across southeastern Turkey subsided when the PKK declared a unilateral cease-fire for several years after Ocalan was captured in 1999 . In 2005 , Erdogan 's government began secret talks with PKK leaders . His Justice and Development Party , or AKP , also made a number of overtures toward the Kurds , relaxing bans on Kurdish language education , appearing to apologize for past discriminatory policies and launching a state Kurdish-language TV station . "  The AKP government actually did more for the Kurds than anyone up until now , " Pope said . " -LSB- But -RSB- when a wave of massive arrests of legitimate Kurdish politicians began , that 's when I think young people especially lost hope and the PKK 's arguments for the legitimacy of armed struggle became persuasive to them . " Turkish authorities have arrested thousands of Kurdish activists , intellectuals and politicians in the past several years . Many of those targeted are members of the Peace and Democracy Party , or BDP , a legal Kurdish political party that elected 29 members to parliament on independent ballots in 2011 . According to this month 's International Crisis Group report , those arrested "  include elected deputies , mayors  some from major cities and districts  , provincial councilors , party officials and ordinary activists . Many have been accused of membership in a terrorist organization , but not of committing any violent act . " Last week , 44 journalists and media workers from Kurdish news outlets appeared in an Istanbul courthouse on terrorism charges . Many of them have been awaiting trial in prison since their arrest last December . "  This is to silence the opposition , " said Baran Dogan , one of the defense attorneys in the case . "  This is not only about press freedom but also an intervention into a citizen 's right to choose where to get news from . " In fact , in recent weeks , Turkey 's fiery prime minister has publicly urged the Turkish media not to report on the growing number of Turkish casualties in the conflict , drawing criticism from media freedoms groups . "  Erdogan 's most recent televised ` message to all the media ' crosses from reprimanding into directly instructing journalists to stop covering the long-standing conflict between the Turkish Armed Forces and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  . This is unthinkable , " the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said in a news release this week . One of the major obstacles to the peace process , however , is the position staked out by the leaders of the Kurdish movement in Turkey . Video emerged last month showing several BDP lawmakers embracing and celebrating with armed PKK fighters in the mountains of southeastern Turkey . The scene provided further ammunition for critics who accuse the party of being a public face for the armed rebels . The International Crisis Group report also points out that the BDP has essentially marginalized itself from negotiations with the Turkish government . "  The BDP says ` do n't negotiate with us , negotiate with Abdullah Ocalan in prison , ' " said Pope , the report 's chief author . Members of the party insist they do not have the power to persuade PKK fighters to lay down their weapons . "  We are not an armed group . If we tell them  the PKK  to lay down arms , will they obey ? " Meral Danis Bestas , deputy chairwoman of the BDP , said in a phone interview with CNN . Over the last decade , Turkey succeeded in forging alliances with neighboring Iran , Syria and Iraq to target Kurdish rebels operating in their respective territories . But Turkey 's relations with all three governments have deteriorated sharply over the past several years , and the conflict threatens to spill across borders . This month , Turkish warplanes repeatedly bombed suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . Meanwhile , Turks watched with alarm this summer as members of the Syrian branch of the PKK raised the guerilla movement 's flag over several predominantly Kurdish towns along Syria 's border with Turkey . Should Turkey be afraid of the Syrian Kurds ? This has led to accusations from Ankara that Syria and its ally Iran are providing support to the PKK , charges denied by both Damascus and Tehran . "  If Turkey feels vulnerable to empowered Kurds in Syria , the only way to defend itself is to solve its domestic Kurdish problem , " said Pope , the International Crisis Group report author . The report urged the Turkish government to expand Kurdish language education , redefine Turkey 's broad definition of terrorism and launch a package of measures for reintegration of former Kurdish insurgents . The group also appealed to Kurdish leaders to drop demands for a "  self-defence militia " in Kurdish areas of Turkey . One hope for resolution of the conflict may lie in an effort to rewrite Turkey 's constitution . The document was drafted by a military junta that swept into power in a coup in 1980 . Kurdish lawmakers have joined with Erdogan 's party , as well as two other parties represented in the Turkish parliament , to write a new version of the constitution . But these reform efforts are being overshadowed by deadly , daily attacks in southeastern Turkey . On Tuesday morning , Turkish television showed smoke billowing from a burning bus after a suspected PKK attack on a military convoy in eastern Bingol province . According to Mustafa Hakan Guvencer , the governor of Bingol , the targeted convoy included buses carrying "  200 military personnel returning from their vacations unarmed and dressed in civilian clothes . " The governor said the ambush killed at least 10 soldiers and wounded at least 60 . More : Kurds ' ambitions add explosive element to Syria crisis	NEW : At least 10 Turkish soldiers were killed Tuesday in a suspected PKK attack 12 killed in PKK ambushes last weekend ; Turkey says it 's killed hundreds from PKK recently International Crisis Group says casualties are the highest in 13 years The Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , launched insurgency in the 1980s in response to state bias
CNN  -- Harrison Ford suffered an ankle injury while filming the next "  Star Wars " installment , Disney Studios said Thursday . Ford , 71 , is reprising the Han Solo role that brought him fame in the first "  Star Wars " in 1977 . The injury happened on the set of "  Star Wars : Episode VII " Thursday , a Disney statement said . "  He was taken to a local hospital and is receiving care . Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates . " ` Star Wars : Episode VII ' : Want to be in the movie ... ? While the film 's production is happening at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire , England , and Abu Dhabi , Disney did not give the set location . A spokesman for the British Health And Safety Executive told CNN Thursday that the agency "  have been made aware of an incident at Pinewood studios and are making initial enquiries . " Lupita Nyong ' o joins ` Star Wars ' cast Director J.J. Abrams recently teased fans looking for any hints about what will be in the next film by posting a photo via his Twitter account . "  I wish people would stop leaking photos from ` Episode VII . ' And making ridiculous claims that the Millennium Falcon is in the movie , " Abrams said in a handwritten note on top of the hologram chessboard from the original "  Star Wars , " which was in the Falcon . A number of images from the secretive "  Episode VII " set have appeared online , showing , among other things , a replica of Han Solo 's Millennium Falcon under construction . "  Episode VII " is scheduled to be released on December 18 , 2015 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	Harrison Ford 's injury happened while filming "  Star Wars : Episode VII " "  Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates , " Disney says
CNN  -- In 1922 a team of British explorers set off on a historic first attempt to climb the world 's highest mountain . They never reached the top of Mount Everest , but their incredible feat of scaling within 2,000 feet of the summit was considered so groundbreaking they were each awarded an Olympic gold medal . Bowed but unbroken , climber Lt. Col. Edward Strutt made a pledge that at the very next opportunity one of the gold medals would be taken to the top of the world -- the summit his team never saw . Almost 90 years later , that dream is finally being realized as British climber Kenton Cool attempts to carry one of the medals to the peak of Mount Everest . CNN caught up with Kenton at base camp , where he is tweeting about his climb in real time . Follow Kenton 's Samsung Olympic Games Pledge online With less than 100 days until the London Olympics , it 's a touching tribute to the British men who captured the nation 's imagination . "  I have a picture at home of those 1922 expedition members and they were so famous back then , " Kenton said . "  It was a bit like looking at a picture of the Manchester United football team . They were world-famous people yet they 've been lost to history a little bit . I wanted to bring them back to the forefront of peoples ' minds . " The team were forced to turn back after an avalanche killed seven Sherpas who were helping carry equipment . But International Olympic Committee founder Pierre de Coubertin -- often referred to as the "  grandfather of the modern Olympics " -- still awarded 21 gold medals to the expedition . On being handed the 1924 Paris Olympic medals , second-in-command Strutt made his heartfelt pledge . But the vision was buried in the passage of time , and , as Cool points out : "  Then the war came along . " Cool , who has already scaled Everest nine times , hopes to reach the summit in mid-May . "  It 's such a romantic , true story , " he said . He admitted that even with his experience , Everest was still a "  beast " to climb -- and a life-threatening one at that . "  Coming down is at least as dangerous if not more dangerous as going up . So the emotions will be welling up inside me and I know there will be a few tears , " he said . "  Everest is a very different beast now to what it was in 1922 . And of course we have all the knowledge of how to climb it . But it still does n't take away from the fact that Everest is a very dangerous mountain . "  She 's a very fickle person and if she wants to she 'll change her outlook on things and she 'll kill people just like that . " However , unlike the original explorers , Kenton will have the benefit of modern technology . Their feat is perhaps even more extraordinary considering the clunky oxygen tanks , woolen jackets and fur hats they had for survival . Crucially , in one of the most brutal environments on earth , none of these garments were waterproof . "  Today we get Internet access , we can look at weather forecasts , weather patterns . We 've got state-of-the-art technology when it comes to clothing , titanium oxygen tanks , to super lightweight boots , " Cool said . "  As soon as you get above 7,000 or 8,000 feet you enter the death zone . It 's a ticking time bomb . You 've got a limited amount of time which the human body can survive up there , so yes things are stacked more in our favor now than in 1922 but it 's still a mountain which deserves an awful lot of respect . " Glyn Hughes , honorary archivist at Britain 's Alpine Club , has kept extensive records of the 1922 expedition . "  They were as prepared as their knowledge at the time allowed them to be , but that knowledge was extremely limited in a lot of areas , " he told CNN . "  They were very well provisioned . They had wonderfully rich foods , nothing like you have now when you go climbing -- very heavy , very rich and totally inappropriate . " Despite the original adventure receiving worldwide acclaim , Glyn said it was a gallant failure , with the death of the Sherpas casting a shadow over the expedition . "  There 's actually a lot of guilt because porters were killed but none of the climbing members were , " he said . "  A number of them said they felt dreadful about this . They would have felt better if at least one of them had died with the porters . " Kelly Morsehead , the great-granddaughter of one of the original climbers , will be following Kenton 's challenge closely . Henry Morsehead had tried to scale the mountain without oxygen , but eventually had to stop his climb due to frostbite . He never received his gold medal after it was lost in the post . "  To even attempt such a feat is complete madness . As the famous words go , they wanted to climb Everest because it was there . That is what they said was their mission , which is absolutely baffling and awe inspiring , " Kelly said . "  It 's a chance for everything to come back together again . And to fulfill what 's almost rightly theirs -- to get that final step with the medal being at the top of the summit . "	British climber Kenton Cool attempts to carry Olympic gold medal to Mt. Everest summit Climb in honor of explorers who made world 's first attempt to scale mountain in 1922 The explorers turn back just 2,000 feet from summit after avalanche kills seven Sherpas However , they were still awarded Olympic gold medals for their efforts
CNN  -- Israeli warplanes took to the air overnight Thursday , striking back after rockets were fired into territory from Gaza , Israeli and Palestinian officials said . Hamas security sources said that two Palestinian rockets were fired into Israel on Thursday night . The Israel Defense Forces said in a news release that one such rocket caused damage to an abandoned building . In response , an Israeli military aircraft targeted what the IDF described as a "  terror activity site " in the central Gaza Strip overnight . "  A direct hit was confirmed , " the statement added . Around 1 a.m. Friday , an Israeli missile hit a Hamas military base located east of the al-Maghazi refugee camp , said Hamas security sources . They added that Israeli warplanes remained in the skies at least 40 minutes later . There were no related injuries , local medical sources said . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas contributed to the report .	Two rockets are fired from Gaza into Israel , Hamas security sources say One strikes an abandoned building , the Israel Defense Forces reports Israeli warplanes target a "  terror activity site " in response There are no related injuries , local medical sources say
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki secured the eighth WTA Tour title of her career after a straight sets victory in the final of the inaugural Danish Open in Copenhagen on Sunday . The local favorite , who is at a career-high third position in the world rankings , was always in control against seventh-seeded Czech Klara Zakapolova , sealing a 6-2 7-6 success . Zakapolova threatened a comeback when she led 4-2 in the second set , but the Dane rallied to take it to a tie-break , which Wozniacki won to add the title to her triumph at Ponte Vedra earlier this year . Meanwhile , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Agnieszka Radwanska will contest the final of the WTA event in San Diego after both players won their semifinal matches in straight sets . Two-time grand slam champion Kuznetsova -- who is unseeded after dropping out of the world 's top 20 following a disappointing year -- eased to a 6-4 6-0 victory over fifth-seeded Italian Flavia Pennetta . "  I was hitting the ball hard but I was also playing with spin and mixing it up and not letting her dictate , " Kuznetsova told the official WTA Tour website . "  I 'm playing better and I 'm happy about that . I was struggling in the first set but I made my way through it and played much better in the second set . I 'm happy to be in my first final this year . " The Russian will now face Radwanska after the fourth-seeded Pole saw off the challenge of Daniela Hantuchova 6-4 6-2 to reach her first final in 10 months .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki win the inaugural WTA Danish Open title on Sunday The local favorite defeats Czech Klara Zakapolova 6-2 7-6 in the final in Copenhagen The 20-year-old is ranked third in the world and was winning her eighth WTA title Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Flavia Pennetta 6-4 6-0 to reach the final in San Diego
A final meeting with the president . A farewell address to the State Department staff . A terrorist attack at the U.S. Embassy in Turkey . Hillary Clinton 's last day as secretary of state on Friday seemed to be a microcosm of her four globe-trotting years as America 's top diplomat . The former first lady had a full schedule , as usual , meeting in private with President Barack Obama at the White House and then attending the send-off ceremony with clapping , cheering workers at the agency she led . Those events were clouded by a suicide bombing earlier in the day in Ankara that killed the attacker and a Turkish security guard at the embassy . No Americans were killed or injured . Clinton traveled nearly 1 million miles and visited 112 countries in her quest as secretary to promote better understanding of the United States and its role in the world . On the road with Hillary Clinton However , her tenure will also be remembered for last September 's attack on a diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Amid the good wishes and emotions of Clinton 's farewell , Friday 's bombing in Turkey was a grim reminder of the continuing threats and challenges to U.S. diplomatic efforts . "  Of course we live in very complex and dangerous times as we saw again just today at our embassy in Ankara , " Clinton told the State Department ceremony . "  I know the world we are trying to help bring into being in the 21st century will have many difficult days , " she added . "  But I am more optimistic today than I was when I stood here four years ago . " Standing in front of a sign that said "  Thank You , " Clinton told the staffers jamming the area that she would miss them and the important work they do around the world . "  I will probably be dialing ops just to talk , " she said to laughter . Clinton sent her resignation letter to Obama a few hours before her successor , John Kerry , was sworn in on Friday afternoon . Opinion : Clinton , secretary of empowerment "  It has been an honor to serve in your administration and to represent our country around the world , " the letter said . "  I am proud of what we have accomplished together on behalf of the American people and in pursuit of our interests and values . And I am more convinced than ever in the strength and staying power of America 's global leadership and our capacity to be a force for good around the world , " she said . In what was billed as Clinton 's farewell speech on Thursday at the Council on Foreign Relations , she said the United States needs to build "  smart power " in a world where the levers of influence are changing rapidly . American diplomats have to work with entrepreneurs and activists , use new technological tools such as social media and update the global and regional institutions that have dominated international affairs since World War II , Clinton said . "  We need a new architecture for a new world -- more Frank Gehry than formal Greek , " she said . "  Now some of his work at first might appear haphazard , but in fact , it 's highly intentional and sophisticated . Where once a few strong columns could hold up the weight of the world , today we need a dynamic mix of materials and structures . " Clinton defends her diplomatic legacy Clinton called the United States "  uniquely well-positioned " to help construct that metaphorical global edifice . "  Those things that make us who we are as a nation -- our openness and innovation , our diversity , our devotion to human rights and democracy -- are beautifully matched to the demands of this era and this interdependent world , " she said . Kerry , who served nearly 30 years in the Senate , stepped down Friday ahead of his swearing-in as the nation 's 68th secretary of state . He was chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the Democratic nominee for president in 2004 , when he lost to incumbent President George W. Bush . Kerry expects to take his first official overseas trip in coming weeks , according to a U.S. official who said stops would likely include Israel and Egypt . Exiting State , Clinton looks to writing , speaking Clinton , 65 , now faces persistent questions about whether she will mount a second White House run in 2016 to break perhaps the highest remaining glass ceiling . "  Well I 'm not thinking about anything like that right now . I 'm looking forward to finishing my tenure as secretary of state and catching up on 20 years of sleep deprivation , " Clinton said Tuesday at a global "  town hall " forum in Washington . Observers note her answer was a less emphatic denial than previous responses that seemed to rule out any possibility of reentering the political fray . According to a CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month , 85 % of Democrats and independents who lean toward the Democratic Party said they would be very or somewhat likely to support Clinton if she sought the Democratic nomination . Clinton was considered a favorite in 2008 , but Obama , who served with her in the Senate , got an early jump in the primaries . Clinton was unable to capture the momentum in a fierce political battle . Despite the rugged campaign , Obama chose Clinton for his Cabinet and she embraced the role . In a joint interview with CBS that aired on Sunday , Obama said that he believes Clinton 's legacy will rank among the best . "  It has been a great collaboration over the last four years , " Obama said . "  I 'm going to miss her . " Clinton touts ` smart power ' in farewell talk	Kerry sworn in , first trip likely to include stops in Egypt and Israel Clinton cites Turkey attack as example of challenges in the world Clinton visited 112 countries and flew almost 1 million miles in four years At 65 , Clinton faces questions about whether she 'll run for president in 2016
CNN  -- A Pakistani Taliban commander who had escaped in mass prison break two years ago was arrested again last week , Pakistani intelligence sources told CNN on Tuesday . Adnan Rashid , a prominent Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan commander , was captured Friday , the sources said . He was injured , but authorities were questioning him , one source said . Sources told CNN he was taken into custody in South Waziristan province and had since been moved . But the Pakistani Taliban told CNN the report was baseless and that Rashid is in a safe area . Authorities have said Rashid is responsible for several large prison breaks in Pakistan . In 2004 , he was sentenced to death for planning an attack on former President Gen. Pervez Musharraf in 2003 . He was incarcerated at Bannu prison in northwest Pakistan and was freed , as were 400 other inmates , when militants stormed the facility in 2012 . Rashid also wrote a controversial letter to Malala Yousafzai , a Pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head on her way home from school in 2012 . He told her she was targeted not because she advocated education for girls , but rather for her criticism of the militant group . In the letter , Rashid said he was writing -- not as a Taliban leader -- to say he was shocked by the shooting , and to express his regret that he did not warn Malala of the attack . The letter went on to say that the Taliban supports the education of women , as long as it adheres to Islamic law . The letter drew criticism from people who said the Taliban are known to target female students . Inside militants ' secret tunnels in Pakistan Journalists Zahir Shah Shehrazi , Adeel Raja and Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	Adnan Rashid had escaped from prison in 2012 He was there serving a sentence for planning an assassination attempt Pakistani Taliban says authorties are wrong ; Rashid is still free Rashid also notable for a letter he wrote to Malala Yousafzai after she was shot
CNN  -- At first blush , it sounds like a torturous way to read an 8,500-word short story . But in a nod to the social media age , The New Yorker is offering up new fiction on Twitter in a series of 140-character bursts . "  Black Box , " a new story by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jennifer Egan , was to begin appearing on the New Yorker Fiction Twitter account Thursday at 8 p.m. ET . A single line will be published every minute for the next hour , then from 8-9 p.m. on each of the following nine nights , through June 2 . While waiting for new snippets might not sound like the most fun way to consume a story , lovers of the written word can take some solace in the fact that Egan , no stranger to nontraditional storytelling , wrote "  Black Box " with Twitter in mind . Egan 's 2010 novel , "  A Visit From the Goon Squad , " won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award . "  Black Box , " she says , takes a character from that book and tells a "  spy-thriller " version of her tale . "  This is not a new idea , of course , but it 's a rich one -- because of the intimacy of reaching people through their phones , and because of the odd poetry that can happen in 140 characters , " she said in a New Yorker post about the experiment . "  I found myself imagining a series of terse mental dispatches from a female spy of the future , working undercover by the Mediterranean Sea . I wrote these bulletins by hand in a Japanese notebook that had eight rectangles on each page . " Egan said the story was originally twice its present length and that she spent about a year writing and revising it -- using Twitter 's character-counting tool to make sure the final lines would make the cut . As Egan 's statement suggests , she 's not the first to tackle fiction on Twitter and other digital short forms . In Japan , "  keitai shousetsu , " or "  cellphone novels " written in the form of text messages , have become perennial best-sellers since originating in the early 2000s . In 2008 , Penguin Books launched the "  We Tell Stories " project in which six of its authors used interactive media , including Twitter , to tell new tales .  One , Toby Litt 's "  Slice , " was told as a series of blog posts and tweets from the story 's main character and her parents  . And in 2009 , author and noted Twitter-phile Neil Gaiman worked with BBC Audiobooks on an interactive novel built from tweets . Egan is no stranger to nontraditional approaches to writing herself . "  Goon Squad " hovers somewhere between being a novel and a series of related short stories about an aging music-industry executive and other rock 'n' roll characters . In it , one chapter appears as a PowerPoint presentation . In July , The Guardian printed Egan 's "  To Do , " a short story told as a seemingly innocuous list of chores . Call "  Black Box " gimmicky if you like , but you ca n't claim it 's just Egan wanting to screw around on Twitter . She has an account , but before two tweets promoting Thursday 's serialization , she 'd only posted four times since signing up in 2010 . And fear not if you ca n't stand the thought of reading a story tucked into your Twitter feed  of , for that matter , if you ca n't stand the thought of Twitter  . The New Yorker will be publishing a daily summary of the story-so-far on its Page Turner fiction blog . The story also will appear in its entirety in the venerable magazine 's upcoming science-fiction issue .	The New Yorker was to begin posting a short story tweet by tweet on Twitter Thursday night Jennifer Egan 's "  Black Box " will be serialized each night for 10 nights A Pulitzer winner , Egan has embraced nontraditional storytelling Other authors have tried fiction on Twitter and in other digital forms
CNN  -- The circus has come to town and the villagers are in a frenzy . The light fantastic opening , the displays of super-human strength , the heroes born under the united roar of the crowd . Who can deny the intoxicating beat of the Olympic drum ? Well , quite a few actually . Was it really wise spending $ 14 billion in these times of austerity ? Surely it was heavy-handed to install missiles on residents ' rooftops ? The recruitment shambles involving security company G4S suggested embarrassing unpreparedness ? Yet it seems from the moment Danny Boyle took us on a whimsical journey through British history in the opening ceremony , that cynicism has melted away . Opposing voices , which a year ago appeared the norm , are now labeled killjoys and whingers . Even London Mayor Boris Johnson told them to "  put a sock in it " and support the greatest sporting show on earth . But those skeptical voices continue to murmur , with not everyone falling under the Olympic spell . This charming man "  Has England ever been so foul with patriotism ? " former Smiths front man Morrissey asked during the Games . The flags draped over the shoulders of sobbing medalists were nothing short of "  blustering jingoism " in the British rocker 's eyes . Those moments that had us gathered in fervor around the water cooler -- Michael Phelps ' record medal haul , Usain Bolt 's historic 100m and 200m runs , gold after gold for Team GB -- were positively perverse , according to the 1980s rock icon . "  It is lethal to witness . As London is suddenly promoted as a super-wealth brand , the England outside London shivers beneath cutbacks , tight circumstances and economic disasters , " he said . "  Meanwhile the British media present 24-hour coverage of the "  dazzling royals " , laughing as they lavishly spend , as if such coverage is certain to make British society feel fully whole . " The other Olympics Part of the reasoning behind the Olympic torch route was to make Britons feel part of the Games . But as it made its way from Athens to the stadium in Stratford , another very different flame was winding across London . The Counter Olympics Torch , passed on from protesters at the Vancouver Winter Games , arrived at Leyton Marsh in Hackney to a small gathering of demonstrators . The homemade cone bore the banner "  End Poverty " and represented "  hope for all those for whom the Olympics has become a symbol of repression , eviction , greed and arrogance , " according to organizers The Counter Olympic Network . This was not the flame accompanied by David Beckham on a speed boat and sprinted into the roaring Olympic Stadium before a television audience of 900 million . "  I 'm sure there will be a lot of euphoria during the Games . But when the TV is n't showing images of people winning medals it will be a very different story . " Julian Cheyne , spokesman for The Counter Olympics Network told CNN . "  It claims to deliver lots of things such as tourists , inspiring people to take up sport , regenerating east London . But that 's not the case . "  People have lost their homes , others have gone to jail , local businesses are n't going to get anything out of this . " Cheyne has reason to be angry . In 2007 he was moved out of his home on the Clays Lane Estate in Newham , east London , to make way for the site of the Olympics . A tenant for 16 years , Julian now lives in social housing in neighboring borough Tower Hamlets . "  Some people did n't mind moving . But I 'd been living there since 1991 . I was happy there , " he said . Jailhouse rock Now the impressive Olympic Park is finally built , it is easy to forget what was on the site before . But the compulsory use of land has been a sore point for some east Londoners . In April protesters camped for four weeks outside the building site of a temporary basketball court in nearby Leyton Marshes , Hackney . The demonstration finally ended in a standoff with police , with four of the protesters arrested and jailed for five days . One of them , 29-year-old Simon Moore , was handed an Anti Social Behavior Order  ASBO  and ordered to not to go within 100m of any Olympic venue or activity . "  The local people were n't consulted about a site that 's very important to them , " said Moore . "  People walk their dogs there , run there , picnic there . It was almost like the Olympic juggernaut created this thing that just had to be done at any cost . " Despite his anger , Moore makes an important distinction between the athletes competing and the management of the Olympics . "  There are moments I 've been caught up in the atmosphere . But let 's have an Olympics that respects the community and leaves a lasting legacy . Let 's have an equitable Games that 's more than just a television experience , " he added . Brand London 2012 It is a sentiment shared by former Olympics sustainability commissioner , Meredith Alexander , who quit her role earlier this year after Dow Chemicals was awarded a major sponsorship deal -- including a fabric wrap around the stadium . Campaigners argue Dow holds responsibility for the 1984 Bhopal disaster in India , in which at least 15,000 people died in a gas leak -- a claim which the company denies . Dow bought Union Carbide -- the company which ran the pesticide plant -- 16 years after the disaster and argues it has no responsibility for Bhopal . But for Meredith , the evidence was too damming to ignore . "  I think the Olympics belong to all of us -- it 's supposed to be about celebrating our common humanity . But when you look at the sponsors , I find it impossible to see how the International Olympic Committee can square that with the ethics of these companies , " she said . Shot down Away from the Park , Chris Nineham 's looks out his kitchen window in east London to see anti-terrorist missiles perched on neighbors ' rooftops . Perhaps unsurprisingly , Olympic skepticism is still rife for people living beneath these constant reminders of diabolical terror . "  The way the media is presenting the Olympics as a success just is n't reflective , " said Nineham , spokesman for Stop the Olympic Missiles . "  When they change the concierge they consult you . But when they place weapons of mass destruction on top of your house there 's zero consultation . " Boom times ? Before the Games started , Londoners had been told to prepare back-up plans for getting into work , lest they be swallowed by the swarms of tourists clogging peak-hour Tubes . Likewise , businesses were assured of a recession-busting boom . But the capital has been eerily quiet as Londoners fled on holiday and tourists appeared to side-step the Olympic town . There will be a slight boost from the Games -- the economy is expected to grow by 0.6 % immediately afterwards -- but the glow will fade . "  Once the games are over , the problems facing the UK economy will still be there , " said Howard Archer , IHS Global Insight 's chief UK and European economist . He predicted ticket sales and a spurt in temporary work would help nudge the economy , but "  GDP is likely to be only flat at best overall in 2012 , " added Archer . And the economy could even take an extra hit from everyone watching the Olympics on TV instead of working , he warned . Well , not quite everyone .	As London 2012 comes to a close , not everyone has fallen under the Olympic spell Singer Morrissey criticized the "  blustering jingoism " of Games East London residents moved from their homes , others gone to jail Promise of economic boom largely unfulfilled
CNN  Coalition airstrikes again pounded ISIS positions in Iraq and Syria on Saturday , including at least a dozen strikes on Mosul , where anti-ISIS forces have been trying to weaken targets ahead of an anticipated fight to wrest Iraq 's second largest city from the terror group . A CNN crew watching from Kurdish positions on Mount Zartak , to the southeast of Mosul , saw at least 12 blasts in the city and heard jets streaking overhead . ISIS swept into Mosul in June , with Iraqi forces at the time largely fleeing the advance . The Sunni Muslim terror group , also called the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , folded Mosul into what it calls its Islamic caliphate -- territory that it has captured in both countries . Kurdish forces , which protect a Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq , recently have been trying to surround Mosul to cut off ISIS 's lines of supply from Syria , setting up what could be an eventual assault to try to expel the terror group from the city . Iraqi ground forces could begin a move to retake the city as soon as April , a U.S. Central Command official told CNN earlier this week . Kurdish forces say the frequency and intensity of airstrikes on Mosul have increased sharply since Tuesday , when ISIS released a video showing its fighters burning to death a Jordanian captive pilot , Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , who was captured in December after his jet crashed in Syria . ISIS defenses in Mosul could be trigger for U.S. ground troop recommendation Airstrikes also hit ISIS targets near the terror group 's de facto capital of Raqqa , Syria , on Saturday , anti-ISIS activists there said . At least 10 explosions were reported Saturday in Hazema , north of Raqqa , and six other strikes happened in Tabqa to the west , the activist group "  Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently " said on Twitter . Jordan , one of Syria 's southern neighbors , again sent its jets to strike ISIS targets Saturday , and all of the jets returned safely to their bases , Jordanian state-run TV reported . Jordan , which has promised revenge for al-Kasasbeh , has publicly pressed to participate in more of the coalition 's airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . U.S. and coalition aircraft conducted 11 airstrikes over Syria and 15 airstrikes over Iraq from 8 a.m. Friday to 8 a.m. Saturday , the U.S. military said . ISIS declared it had established a caliphate spanning Iraq and Syria last year . Since then , it has gone on a murderous rampage that has included beheadings of foreigners . Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Syrians have fled areas it has seized . The United States , along with European and Arab nations , began airstrikes against the terror group last year . ISIS militants have destroyed a bridge they recently used to assault Iraq 's oil-rich Kirkuk city -- a possible attempt to hinder a counterattack against them , a Kurdish political and military leader said Saturday . About 30 kilometers southwest of Kirkuk , ISIS late Friday blew up a bridge that helps connect an ISIS-held area to the city , said Saman Jabari , a senior Kurdish political leader who also commands Kurdish Peshmerga troops near Kirkuk . ISIS had used the bridge to reach the Kirkuk area in a surprise attack on January 30 , Jabari said . Kurdish troops have counter-attacked since . As the coalition 's struggle against ISIS continued in northern Iraq , a pair of suicide bombings on Saturday killed at least three dozen people hundreds of kilometers to the south in Iraq 's capital , Baghdad , a police source in the city said . An attacker blew himself up at a busy restaurant in southeastern Baghdad 's Al-Jadida neighborhood , killing at least 30 people and injuring 66 others , the police source said . In the center of the city , a different suicide bombing at a market killed six people and injured 28 others , the source said . Information about who was responsible for the bombings was n't immediately available . CNN 's Phil Black reported from Iraq 's Mosul area . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Yousuf Basil reporte and wrote from Atlanta .	Coalition executed 11 airstrikes over Syria , 15 airstrikes over Iraq Friday into Saturday , U.S. says At least 12 airstrikes target ISIS-held Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , CNN crew sees from afar
CNN  -- The attorney for a man whose wife 's wrong-way accident killed eight people on New York 's Taconic Parkway in July says he will ask authorities to exhume her body to prove she was n't drinking at the time of the accident . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Tuesday night , Daniel Schuler said his wife , Diane , was not an alcoholic . Dominic Barbera , attorney for Daniel Schuler , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " he believes Diane Schuler may have suffered stroke-like symptoms and that a fire after the accident could have turned blood sugar into alcohol . "  I read from the medical autopsy report that there was charring of the body because there was a fire , " Barbera said . "  And I found -- my doctors found numerous cases where you can actually have sugar in the blood turn into alcohol . " Barbera said Schuler may have had a Transient Ischemic Attack , which produces stroke-like symptoms but no lasting damage . Watch why husband believes wife was n't drunk " The Westchester County medical examiner 's office found that Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of .19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the parkway and ran head-on into an SUV . Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 crash , as were Schuler and four children she was carrying in the minivan -- her daughter and three nieces . A fifth child , Schuler 's son , survived . A spokeswoman for the medical examiner 's office , Donna Green , said that the office stands "  by the findings of the medical examiner 's report . " But Daniel Schuler said he believed the report was wrong . "  I know the truth , what happened , with my wife , " he said . "  She is not an alcoholic and does n't drink . She is an outstanding mother . " Barbera and Schuler said they wanted to have the body exhumed for further examinations to prove that the accident was not caused by a drunken driver . Attorneys for the family of Daniel Luongo , 73 , one of the victims in the SUV , rejected the Schuler family 's contention . "  The scientific evidence indicates that Diane Schuler was intoxicated and under the influence of marijuana at the time of the crash , " they said in a statement . "  Any claims denying her responsibility for this tragedy are wholly unsubstantiated , and the Luongo family finds these claims appalling , offensive and hurtful . They have lost a loved one to a senseless tragedy , and these claims do nothing but add insult to injury . "	Husband wants to prove wife was n't drinking at time of fatal New York collision Eight killed on Taconic Parkway in July as Diane Schuler drove wrong way Attorney says Schuler may have had stroke-like symptoms Fire after accident could have turned Schuler 's blood sugar into alcohol , attorney says
CNN  -- The world of football has rallied around Jonas Gutierrez as the Argentine fights testicular cancer . A midfielder with Newcastle and Argentina , Gutierrez made the announcement during a television interview earlier this week . The 31-year-old underwent an operation to remove his left testicle last October after the discovery of a tumor . But after an inflammation of the groin was spotted by doctors at the end of last season , he returned to Argentina to undergo chemotherapy . "  When I was told I had cancer , I went home in tears , " he said in an interview with Argentine television show Indirecto on TyC Sports . "  In May 2013 , I felt very tough pains on my testicle . After some wrong diagnosis , an ultrasound detected the tumor . "  I came here and I assumed the costs despite having a contract with Newcastle . "  Money is not important . What is important is my health . I had to start chemotherapy . " Gutierrez recalls the final day of the 2012-13 Premier League season where he first felt pain following a tackle with Bacary Sagna , then of Arsenal . "  I had a very hard collision with Sagna in the area of the pubic bone and the genitals , " he added . "  From then I had a lot of pain that would n't go away . I spoke with the doctor straight after and he said : ` If it does n't hurt then do n't worry . ' ' "  Then it was holiday time and I felt the pain more in the testicle . The season started and in September and October I noticed that the testicle started to become inflamed . I felt a pain when I put my underpants on , it was uncomfortable . "  I went back to the doctor and they told me to have an ultrasound scan and they detected a tumor and told me I needed an operation . I left the clinic crying and went home and told my dad who was there . "  I spoke to the club and said because of the delicate nature of the problem and because in Argentina I was going to understand everything being told to me better , I wanted to be treated there . " Gutierrez , who won 22 caps for Argentina , made his international debut in 2007 and played at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . He says that his teammates have been supportive , particularly Fabricio Coloccini , who Gutierrez played with at Newcastle as well as Argentina . "  This is the most difficult match I 've every played . You start thinking about important things when you have problems like this one . "  Some guys like  Gabriel  Heinze gave me strength , " said Gutierrez , referring to the former Argentina defender , who played for a number of Europe 's leading clubs , including Real Madrid and Manchester United . Heinze is not the only Argentine footballer to have contacted Gutierrez . "  After surgery , I told  Ezequiel  Lavezzi ,  Martin  Demichelis and Coloccini , who is very close to me . We 've played together at Newcastle for six years and he calls me . He is almost a member of my family . "  I decided to reveal all this because I think this is a difficult moment , but there is nothing wrong with this . These things may help other people . " Gutierrez , who was on loan at Norwich last season , scored 10 goals in 177 league appearances for the Magpies . He was nicknamed ` Spider-Man ' by Newcastle fans after pulling out a mask to celebrate his goals . Gutierrez , who has one-year remaining on his current deal at Newcastle , has one more session of chemotherapy remaining . While he has kept the matter private for some time , it was after receiving an email about an actress who is also battling cancer that he felt compelled to share his story . "  She was showing photographs of when she had hair and when she lost her hair and what she was going through , " he said of the email . "  i think there is nothing bad in telling your story ; it can even help people and encourage them to fight . "  It removes some of the pressure talking about it and I also think it can help a lot of people who are passing through a similar situation to be strong and to fight and to see that these are situations that you can overcome and emerge stronger from . " Gutierrez is not the first football player in the English game to be diagnosed with the illness . Neil Harris , who played for Millwall , Northampton 's Matt Duke and former Tottenham defender Jason Cundy all returned to action following successful recoveries . According to figures provided by the United Kingdom 's National Health Service  NHS  , testicular cancer usually affects men between the ages of 15 and 49 . It accounts for just 1 % of cancers suffered by men with more than 96 % making a full recovery if it is caught in the early stages .	Jonas Gutierrez has been diagnosed with testicular cancer Former Argentina midfielder had left testicle removed in operation The 31-year-old played at the 2010 World Cup Played in England with Newcastle and Norwich
A Pakistani judge on Friday granted bail to Rimsha , a 14-year-old Christian girl detained over accusations she burned pages of the Quran in a case that has heightened religious tensions in the volatile country . The All Pakistan Minorities Alliance , which represents religious minorities in the country , will pay the sum of roughly $ 10,000 to secure Rimsha 's release from jail , said Tahir Naveed Chaudhry , one of her lawyers and a leading member of the alliance . Judge Muhammad Azam Khan said written details of his decision on the bail application would be released Saturday . It was not immediately clear when Rimsha would be released . The judge 's decision came after a lengthy argument Friday between Rimsha 's lawyer speaking in court , Pervez Khan , and lawyers representing the accuser . Khan argued Rimsha should be granted bail because she was essentially an innocent girl with a lower than average IQ who was framed by a local cleric who planted evidence against her . The accuser 's lawyer argued Rimsha committed blasphemy and should be punished no matter how old she is . Rimsha 's family has left their home on the outskirts of Islamabad as a result of the tensions caused by the accusations against her . Police : Muslim cleric framed girl in Pakistan blasphemy case The case took a dramatic twist over the weekend when the police said a Muslim cleric had planted evidence in order to link her to the blasphemy allegations.The imam , Khalid Jadoon Chishti , will himself face blasphemy charges for tearing pages out of a Quran to use as evidence against the girl , police said . Authorities arrested Rimsha last month after a neighbor accused her of burning pages containing texts from the Muslim holy book . Rimsha had two shopping bags with her : one containing ashes and the other , the partially burned pages , police said . She had gathered the paper as fuel for cooking , authorities said . Even though Rimsha 's lawyer said no one actually saw the girl burning the papers , the neighbor went to Chishti -- the neighborhood cleric -- with the bags for safekeeping as evidence . Chishti was n't certain that simply burning pages with texts from the Quran would be enough to convict Rimsha on blasphemy charges , the police said . So , the imam added two pages from the holy book itself to the bag to bolster the case , according to the police Chishti was arrested on Saturday after three witnesses told a judge about the imam 's actions . He was sent to jail for 14 days , accused of evidence tampering . Chishti has denied the allegation , authorities said . Opinion : Muslims in Pakistan , show compassion and justice	The girl has been in jail since last month after she was accused by a neighbor The neighbor says she burned pages of the Quran , the Muslim holy book A religious minorities alliance will pay her $ 10,000 bail fee A Muslim cleric has been accused of planting evidence against her
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The German news outlet Der Spiegel has published photographs of what appear to be two U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan posing over the bodies of dead Afghans -- images which threaten to further complicate the American military effort there . Two images show the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body sprawled over a patch of sand and grass . A third shows what appears to be two bodies propped up , back to back , against a post in front of a military vehicle . Der Spiegel identifies the soldiers as Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes , who are both facing charges relating to the wrongful deaths of Afghan civilians . Specifically , Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians , possessing a dismembered human finger , wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties , and smoking hashish . He is also accused of conspiring with Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack . Morlock is charged with three counts of murder . He is accused of killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle ; killing another in May 2010 in a similar manner ; and shooting a third to death in February 2010 . U.S. military rules also prohibit "  taking or retaining individual souvenirs or trophies , " which the photographs may be construed as . The trial for the two soldiers is being conducted at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington . Morlock 's court martial is slated to begin Wednesday , while the start date for Holmes ' court martial has not been publicly announced . The U.S. Army released a statement Monday calling the photographs "  repugnant to us as human beings and contrary to the standards and values of the United States Army . " "  We apologize for the distress these photos cause , " the statement said . Army officials asserted in the statement that ongoing court-martial proceedings related to the alleged atrocities "  speak for themselves . The photos appear in stark contrast to the discipline , professionalism and respect that have characterized our soldiers ' performance during nearly 10 years of sustained operations . " They also stressed that the "  United States Army is committed to adherence to the Law of War and the humane and respectful treatment of combatants , noncombatants , and the dead . ... Soldiers who commit offenses will be held accountable as appropriate . " In all , officials have charged 12 U.S. soldiers in what they called a conspiracy to murder Afghan civilians and cover it up , along with charges they mutilated corpses and kept grisly souvenirs . Five of the soldiers face murder charges , while seven others are charged with participating in a coverup . All of the accused men were members of a 2nd Infantry Division brigade operating near Kandahar in southern Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010 . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Scott Zamost contributed to this report	Photographs have been published of what appear to be U.S. soldiers posing over dead Afghan civilians The photos were published by Der Spiegel in Germany Spc. Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes are featured in the photographs , according to Der Spiegel Twelve U.S. soldiers have been charged in an alleged conspiracy to murder Afghan civilians and cover it up
ZAM ZAM DISPLACEMENT CAMP , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's Darfur crisis has exploded on many fronts -- violence , hunger , displacement and looting -- but United Nations peacekeepers say the biggest issue now affecting the region is the systematic rape of women and children . UNAMID police officer Ajayi Funmi , left , educates Darfur women about rape . Thousands of women as young as 4 caught in the middle of the struggle between rebel forces and government-backed militias have become victims of rape , they say , with some aid groups claiming that it is being used as a weapon of ethnic cleansing . "  That is one of the biggest issues in Darfur : the rapes , and crimes against women and children , " said Michael Fryer , police commissioner of UNAMID , the United Nations peacekeeping force deployed to try to tackle the violence . Relief workers say they are powerless to stop the attacks and say that if they do speak out , they fear that the Sudanese government will tell them to leave the country . Humanitarian group Refugees International said in a report last year that rape was "  an integral part of the pattern of violence that the government of Sudan is inflicting upon the targeted ethnic groups in Darfur . " Some relief workers say that almost every woman living in aid camps has been raped or become a victim of gender-based violence . Many teenagers , while out running errands such as collecting firewood , are raped multiple times by militiamen , the workers say . Watch women face dangers in Darfur " They say the situation has now become so bad that many women are now resigned to rape as a way of life and men are unwilling to accompany them because they fear that they will be killed if they try to defend them . But despite the extent of the abuse , the Sudanese government insists there is no problem , adding to the difficulties faced by the victims , who are often ostracized by their communities or fall afoul of a legal system seen as favoring their attackers . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos of Darfur "  There is no rape in Darfur , " said Mohammad Hassan Awad , a Humanitarian Aid Commissioner for West Darfur , who accuses foreign aid workers of persuading people in refugee camps to make false claims . Although few aid workers dispute the extent of the attacks against women , they say survivors are unwilling to come forward . But those who do reveal shocking levels of abuse . "  She said they removed their scarves and used it to tie them up and were taking turns to rape them . One is 13 years old ; the other one is 16 years , " Ajayi Funmi of the UNAMID police , who is trying to educate women , said after talking to two girls . Making matters worse , aid workers say scores of babies conceived through rape are being dumped by their mothers . "  Abandoned babies are reported , but because of the stigma attached to it , there is no detailed report , because the women do n't come forward , " said Dr Naqib Safi of the U.N. children 's body UNICEF . As many as 20 babies a month are being dumped in one camp of 22,000 people . With U.N. officials calling for more female officers to better educate women against rape and women saying they wo n't feel safe until the under-equipped and undermanned United Nations force is strong enough to protect them , the situation shows little sign of improving .	Women and girls as young as four face rape on daily basis in Darfur U.N. mission says rape now biggest issue facing troubled Sudanese region Aid workers says 100 percent of women in camps face gender-based abuse Sudanese government says there is no rape in Darfur
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Pregnant women infected with the H1N1 virus are more likely to be hospitalized from it and perhaps even more likely to die from it , according to a federal study released Wednesday . A federal study released Wednesday says the H1N1 virus seems to be affecting pregnant women more severely . The authors of the study suggest that pregnant women infected with the virus , commonly known as swine flu , take antiviral drugs to protect themselves and their fetuses . "  If they feel sick , they need to call their health care provider and their health care provider needs to prescribe antivirals promptly , " said Dr. Denise J. Jamieson , lead author of the study and a medical officer at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Some doctors are reluctant to prescribe the drugs to pregnant women because they are concerned about their possible effect on the fetus , but Jamieson urged them to put aside those concerns . "  We know , in this situation , the benefits very likely outweigh the risks , because pregnant women could get pretty darn sick with influenza , " the obstetrician-gynecologist told CNN . In fact , they could get more than sick . Of the 45 H1N1 deaths reported to the CDC between April 15 and June 16 , six  13 percent  were among pregnant women . All of them had been healthy before infection , and all went on to develop viral pneumonia , leading to acute respiratory distress that required them to be placed on ventilators , Jamieson said . She acknowledged that the numbers are small , but said data collected since then are still reason for concern . Of the 266 H1N1 deaths investigated by the CDC to date , 15  6 percent  were among pregnant women , she said . That 's six times the percentage of U.S. women who are pregnant at any given time . In addition , pregnant women infected with H1N1 were four times as likely as sick people in the general population to be hospitalized for it , she said . But the study cautioned that part of that increase may be because of doctors being more likely to hospitalize a pregnant woman than a nonpregnant person with similar symptoms . Still , the apparent disproportionate impact of H1N1 on pregnant women is not surprising , given the body changes that occur during pregnancy , she said . "  As the uterus grows and pushes the diaphragm up , there is less room for the lungs , " affecting a woman 's ability to breathe , she said . Pregnancy 's impact goes beyond structural ; it affects the body 's ability to fight off illness , she said . "  A pregnant woman has to accommodate this foreign body of the growing fetus , so there is an immunological shift that occurs in pregnancy , " she said . Though it is not clear whether that immunological shift translates into a greater likelihood of contracting the virus , there is no doubt that it can result in more severe illness among pregnant women who are infected with it , she said . "  They are more severely affected , and that is consistent with what we are seeing with this H1N1 , " she said . Still , Jamieson said she is not recommending that pregnant women avoid crowds or take any other precautions that would affect their daily routines . She said she hopes to continue to track what happens to the H1N1-infected pregnant women in the report , though the details have yet to be worked out .	Of 45 H1N1 deaths between April 15-June 16 , 13 percent were pregnant women Pregnant women with swine flu more likely to be hospitalized , federal study says Authors of study suggest pregnant women with H1N1 take antiviral drugs Body changes during pregnancy may make these women more vulnerable
CNN  -- Two-time NBA MVP LeBron James says the Cleveland Cavaliers -- his only club in his seven pro seasons -- will have an "  edge " when they try to keep the likely free-agent-to-be from leaving this summer . In an interview scheduled to air on CNN Friday night , Larry King asked James whether the Cavaliers have an edge to retain the Ohio native . "  Absolutely , " James said . "  Because ... this city , these fans , I mean , have given me a lot in these seven years . And , you know , for me , it 's comfortable . "  So , I 've got a lot of memories here . And so it does have an edge . " James ' potential freedom -- he can opt out of the last year of his contract and become a free agent on July 1 -- is one of the most talked about issues in the world of sports this year . Sports Illustrated 's website has a "  LeBron James Watch " blog , ESPN.com has a "  LeBron Tracker " page devoted to his next move , and the Cleveland Plain Dealer 's site has a "  LeBron-O-Meter " that swings with each stay-or-go rumor . Full transcript of Lebron James interview Even President Obama has weighed in , telling TNT 's Marv Albert last month that James would fit in with the club that Obama pulls for , the Chicago Bulls . And the New York Daily News reported last month that Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he thinks James would love living in New York , should he choose the Knicks or the Nets . James headlines a list of marquee names who also are free-agents-to-be or likely free agents this summer , including Miami 's Dwyane Wade , Toronto 's Chris Bosh , Phoenix 's Amare Stoudamire , Dallas ' Dirk Nowitzki and Atlanta 's Joe Johnson . King asked James about reports that he , Wade , Bosh , Johnson and others were planning to talk to each other before they settled on where to go . "  I do n't know to that extent , but it will be fun , " James said . "  It will be fun to get all the free agents together and figure out a way how we can make the league better . " The Cavaliers drafted James , 25 , out of high school in 2003 . He grew up in the nearby Akron , Ohio , area . James , a six-time NBA all-star , was named the league 's MVP for the 2008-2009 and 2009-2010 seasons . He 's averaged 27.8 points per game , and he has helped the Cavaliers to five playoff appearances and one trip to the NBA finals . But he 's still seeking his first NBA title , and the Cavaliers were bounced from the second round of this year 's playoffs by the Boston Celtics . He told King his goal is to be with a team that can win more than one NBA championship . "  I understand that me going down as one of the greats will not happen until I win a championship , " he said . "  I 'm going to do what 's best for me and my family . " The interview is scheduled to be shown on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET Friday .	LeBron James : "  I 've got a lot of memories here . And so -LSB- Cleveland -RSB- does have an edge " James eligible to opt out of his contract with the Cavaliers this summer Two-time NBA MVP headlines list of likely 2010 free agents James says he wants to be with a team that can win more than one championship
CNN  -- Edward Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor who spilled U.S. surveillance secrets to the world , is a "  free man " biding his time in a Moscow airport , Russian President Vladimir Putin told reporters Tuesday . Putin said Snowden -- who flew to Moscow from Hong Kong on Sunday -- is in the "  transit area " of Sheremetyevo International Airport , the zone between arrival gates and Russia 's passport control checkpoints . While he said Russia wo n't hand Snowden over to the United States , he seemed eager to have the focus of international intrigue off his hands . "  The sooner he selects his final destination point , the better both for us and for himself , " Putin said from Finland of Snowden , who is wanted by U.S. officials on espionage charges for disclosing classified details of U.S. surveillance programs . Putin 's comments end , for now at least , the international pastime of "  Where 's Snowden ? " There have been rumors for days that the former NSA contractor had perhaps duped the world into thinking he was in Moscow to throw pursuers off his trail as he seeks a safe haven from U.S. prosecution . Kristinn Hrafnsson -- a spokesman for WikiLeaks , an organization that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information and has one of its members with Snowden in Russia -- told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday only that Snowden "  is in a safe place and is comfortable and possibly simply relaxing after a very stressful week . " Read more : Dozens of journalists heading for Cuba ... without Snowden Noting the United States and Russia do not have an extradition agreement , Putin said Snowden ca n't be turned over to U.S. authorities and has committed no crimes on Russian soil . But he also said Russian security forces have not been "  working with " Snowden and expressed hope that the incident would not "  affect the cordial nature of our relations with the U.S. " Hrafnsson offered a similar story , saying there 's been "  no cooperation or coordination with the Russian authority " before or since Snowden arrived in Moscow . A senior Obama administration official called Putin 's comments "  potentially positive " while reiterating hopes that Snowden would be expelled from Russia and returned to the United States . U.S. officials believe Russian authorities have a "  clear legal basis to expel Mr. Snowden , based on the status of his travel documents and the pending charges against him , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said . Secretary of State John Kerry , speaking to reporters while traveling in Saudi Arabia , said the United States is n't looking to Russia to enforce U.S. law , only to "  allow him to be subject to the laws of our land and our Constitution . " "  We are not looking for confrontation , we 're not ordering anybody , " Kerry said . "  We 're simply requesting under a very normal procedure for the transfer of somebody , just as we transferred to Russia seven people in the last two years that they requested , that we did without any clamor , without any rancor , without any argument and according to our sense of the appropriateness of meeting their request . " Snowden left Hong Kong on Sunday after a couple of weeks spent doling out details of classified U.S. intelligence programs to journalists . With his passport revoked by U.S. officials , Snowden traveled out of the semiautonomous Chinese territory on refugee papers issued by Ecuador , one of the countries from which he is seeking asylum . International tiff His travels have sparked international dust-ups , with U.S. officials accusing China of making a "  deliberate choice " to let Snowden go free and criticizing Russia for failing to hand him over in a spirit of international cooperation . Measured tones mask Washington 's fury with Hong Kong over Snowden On Tuesday , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman rejected the U.S. claims as "  unreasonable , " according to the official Xinhua news service . "  The accusation that the U.S. side made against the Central Government of China fell short of proof . The Chinese side will absolutely not accept it , " spokeswoman Hua Chunying said . Rimsky Yuen Kwok-keung , Hong Kong 's justice secretary , likewise denied that authorities there intentionally let Snowden leave before acting on U.S. requests . "  All along , we acted fully in accordance with the law and any suggestion that we have been deliberately letting Mr. Snowden go away or to do any other thing to obstruct the normal operation is totally untrue , " Yuen said Tuesday . Authorities in Hong Kong were seeking answers from U.S. authorities around when Snowden left , the justice secretary added . Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-Ying said Monday that authorities acted independently from Beijing "  to follow procedural fairness and procedural justice . " In Moscow , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called the U.S. complaints "  absolutely groundless and unacceptable . " "  I want to say , right away , that we have nothing to do with Mr. Snowden or his movements around the world , " Lavrov said . The White House is eager to avoid a repeat of what happened in Hong Kong , where authorities let Snowden leave despite a U.S. request for his arrest and extradition . Washington has described that move as a "  serious setback " to building trust between the United States and China . Lawmakers say tenuous ties shaken further as Snowden lands in Russia But the Obama administration does n't have much leverage with Moscow , said Matthew Rojansky , an expert on U.S. and Russian national security at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  We really need Russian cooperation , I think , much more in most areas than the Russians need us , " he said . 4 options for the U.S. to get Snowden back U.S. diplomatic headache Washington is also telling other countries where Snowden might end up -- notably Ecuador , which says it 's analyzing an asylum request from Snowden -- that they should hand him over if he lands on their soil . They note that his U.S. passport has been revoked . "  The U.S. is advising these governments that Mr. Snowden is wanted on felony charges and as such should not be allowed to proceed in any further international travel other than is necessary to return him here to the United States , " Carney said . One rumored destination is Venezuela , whose leaders have been frequently at odds with Washington in recent years . According to the AVN state news agency , President Nicolas Maduro said Tuesday his country has not received a formal request for political asylum from Snowden . But if it did , the government would consider it on humanitarian grounds , the agency reports . In its quest to get Snowden , the United States has limited options . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the issue now "  is much more of a political and diplomatic matter than it is a legal matter . " "  In an ordinary case , sure , you need a passport to get around , " Toobin said . "  But here , where this case is causing increasing embarrassment for the United States , governments that want the United States to be embarrassed are only too happy to waive some of the technical legal rules . " The leak controversy Snowden has acknowledged he leaked classified documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs to the Guardian newspaper in Britain and The Washington Post . The documents revealed the existence of programs that collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and monitor the Internet activity of people overseas residents . The disclosures shook the U.S. intelligence community and raised questions about whether the NSA is eroding American civil liberties . Snowden worked as a Hawaii-based computer network administrator for Booz Allen Hamilton , an NSA contractor , before he fled to Hong Kong last month with laptops full of confidential information . The South China Morning Post newspaper published a story Monday quoting Snowden as saying he took the job to gather evidence on U.S. surveillance programs . He told the Guardian that he exposed the surveillance programs because they pose a threat to democracy , but administration officials said the programs are vital to preventing terrorist attacks and are overseen by all three branches of government . Carney questioned Snowden 's assertion that he acted in defense of democratic transparency , saying his argument "  is belied by the protectors he has potentially chosen -- China , Russia , Ecuador . " "  His failures to criticize these regimes suggests that his true motive throughout has been to injure the national security of the United States , not to advance Internet freedom and free speech , " Carney told reporters . Snowden 's search Snowden is seeking asylum from Ecuador , Iceland and other , unspecified countries , a WikiLeaks attorney said Monday . Interactive : En route with Snowden Ecuador has already given WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange freedom if he can find a way out of the country 's embassy in London . In his aslyum request read by Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo , Snowden compared himself to Pvt. Bradley Manning , the U.S. soldier accused of leaking classified information through WikiLeaks . He said U.S. officials have treated Manning inhumanely by holding him in solitary confinement , and he predicted a similar "  cruel and unusual " fate for himself if he falls into U.S. hands . Snowden has come under some criticism for seeking out help from nations with questionable histories on free speech and press freedom . For instance , The Committee to Protect Journalists has criticized Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa 's government for pushing legislation that would roll back press freedoms , calling its policies increasingly repressive . Snowden is n't looking for "  political nirvana , " said Glenn Greenwald , the columnist for the Guardian who broke his revelations . "  He 's searching for a place where he can be safe and remain free and participate in the debate , and Ecuador seems to be the place he has chosen , " Greenwald told CNN 's "  The Lead . " Some have speculated Snowden has "  doomsday insurance " in the form of even more top-secret U.S. documents that will go public if he 's ever detained by U.S. authorities . Hrafnsson , the WikiLeaks spokesman , said he did n't know about Snowden 's specific plans , but did suggest more secrets may be revealed . "  This is simply information that should be out in the public , " he said . "  There is more to come . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Phil Black , Matt Smith , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jill Dougherty , Carol Cratty , Nic Robertson and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Snowden is safe and "  possibly simply relaxing , " WikiLeaks spokesman says NEW : Venezuela has n't gotten asylum request but would consider it , leader says Vladimir Putin says Russia wo n't hand Snowden over to U.S. authorities U.S. is asking for help in detaining former NSA contractor accused of spilling secrets
CNN  -- Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo warmed up for next week 's "  Clasico " double-header as Spanish soccer rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid labored to victories on Saturday . Messi scored for the 15th successive league match as Barca came from behind to beat Sevilla and move 12 points clear of second-placed Atletico Madrid . The four-time world player of the year took his tally to 38 in the league this season from 25 matches , and 49 overall , as he combined well with second-half substitute Cristian Tello to slot a 60th-minute winner . David Villa had marked his return to action with a 52nd-minute equalizer , heading home Dani Alves ' cross . The striker had missed the midweek Champions League defeat by AC Milan due to his problem with kidney stones . Another shock defeat had seemed on the cards when Sevilla exposed Barca 's frailties at the back three minutes before halftime , as former La Masia academy defender Alberto Botia headed home a cross . Barca did not include Eric Abidal in the squad , though the French defender was on Thursday cleared to make his long-awaited comeback following a liver transplant . Earlier Saturday , Ronaldo came off the bench to help earn a 2-1 victory for Real against bottom club Deportivo la Coruna . Coach Jose Mourinho had made seven changes following last weekend 's win over Rayo Vallecano , ahead of Tuesday 's second leg of the Spanish Super Cup at Barca 's Camp Nou . It was Deportivo who took the lead as Riki beat Diego Lopez at the near post with a shot the goalkeeper should have blocked . It took a moment of magic from Kaka for Real to draw level with 17 minutes to play , as the Brazil midfielder curled in a right-foot shot to bring back memories of his days as one of the world 's best players . Kaka , who started the match , was also involved in the 88th minute winner , splitting the Deportivo defense with a pass that allowed Ronaldo to square into the path of Gonzalo Higuain . The Argentina striker was untroubled in netting his 100th La Liga goal for Real in 179 appearances . "  From the first minute of the second half we saw a change of attitude , " Mourinho 's assistant Aitor Karanka told reporters . "  We did n't win because of the substitutions , which were made in the 12th minute of the second half , but because of the change we made . It was the attitude of all the players that sparked the comeback . " It is a big 10 days for third-placed Real , who host Barca in La Liga next Saturday before traveling to England for the second leg of the Champions League last-16 clash with Manchester United . Both Spanish Cup and European ties are finely balanced at 1-1 . "  It was a difficult match , it was an uphill struggle for us from the first minute , but we had to demonstrate that we wanted to win and we were able to do that , " Higuain said . "  We are excited and we want to play because we know that in a week we are playing to stay in the Copa and the Champions . " Valencia missed the chance to move above fourth-placed Malaga , needing to come from 2-0 down at struggling Real Zaragoza as Brazilian winger Jonas netted both goals to earn a draw . Getafe moved up to ninth , winning 3-1 at second-bottom Real Mallorca thanks to two late goals from striker Adrian Colunga .	Lionel Messi scores his 49th goal this season as Barcelona come from behind to beat Sevilla Victory puts Catalan side 12 points clear of Atletico Madrid , who play Espanyol on Sunday Real Madrid also win 2-1 ahead of this week 's two Clasico matches against Spanish rivals Kaka equalizes against Deportivo and helps Ronaldo set up Higuain 's late winner
CNN  -- It 's vital that young Americans learn the history of our amazing nation . Being an American requires knowing what it means to be an American . It 's the fabric that binds us together and helps us understand who we are . Today , unfortunately , many of our students are failing to learn American history , including our founding principles and values . And they 're failing to learn why America remains an exceptional nation . For two generations , we 've watched our nation 's memory of the past slip away . The problem of historic amnesia is widespread , as evidenced by alarming results from the National Assessment of Educational Progress , which tests students in grades four , eight and 12 in several broad subject areas every few years . Among the survey 's most frightening findings is our students ' lack of knowledge in U.S. history . Just 20 % of fourth-graders , 17 % of eighth-graders and 12 % of 12th-graders were at grade-level proficiency in American history in the 2010 exams . This lack of knowledge goes to the very basics . Only one in three fourth-graders could identify the purpose of the Declaration of Independence . Less than half understood why George Washington was an important American leader . And a majority of fourth-graders did n't know why the Pilgrims left England . These are frightening statistics , indicating that our children lack an understanding of our nation 's history and the traits that have made America great . As the author of three children 's books on American history , I 've visited many classrooms across the country to share the adventures of Ellis the Elephant , my time-traveling pachyderm , with children ages 4 to 8 . I 've found most young students to be energetic , enthusiastic and eager to learn . We can get children engaged in learning at an early age if we as adults have enthusiasm for learning as well . Our history includes wonderful role models . In writing "  Yankee Doodle Dandy "  published this week , in which Ellis the Elephant discovers the American Revolution  , I was reminded that the brave men and women who fought to win our freedom were surprisingly young . Thomas Jefferson was 33 . James Madison was 25 . James Monroe was just 18 , barely older than a high-school graduate . And yet these patriotic heroes were engaged in profound , often dangerous work . They were models of sacrifice , civic-mindedness and determination . With education surveys showing dismal results , we must find creative ways to teach our children American history . In "  Yankee Doodle Dandy " and the Ellis the Elephant series , my goal is to highlight the wonderful achievements of our country , to arouse a love for America and to communicate why America is indeed a special nation . Like children 's books , educational video games , too , have enormous potential to make history come alive . And we are only beginning to see the potential of online systems like Khan Academy to revolutionize learning . There are many ways to improve the challenged state of education , but parents , teachers and mentors must pursue them eagerly . It was 232 years ago this month , on October 19 , 1781 , that the British surrendered to George Washington 's Continental Army at Yorktown . This pivotal moment concluded an eight-year war in which thousands of brave men and women gave their lives to win the freedom we enjoy today . Yet we are for the first time in our history beginning to lose sight of our founders ' sacrifice and wisdom . We must fight historical amnesia to ensure that future generations continue to appreciate the greatness of our nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Callista Gingrich .	Callista Gingrich : Tests show a failure to teach students American history She says few fourth-graders understand significance of George Washington Most children eager to learn and will respond if adults are enthusiastic about history , she says
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines was inspecting 44 planes Wednesday after an "  ambiguity related to required testing " was found during a review of records , the airline said . Earlier this week , Southwest placed three employees on administrative leave and began conducting an internal investigation into the allegations that it flew planes without proper inspections . The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which initiated an investigation months ago , issued a statement on Southwest 's decision . "  This action by Southwest Airlines raises serious questions about whether -LSB- the Federal Aviation Administration -RSB- adequately followed up on the discovery a year ago that Southwest had failed to make required inspections , " the statement said . The FAA should have "  immediately undertaken a review of the airline 's records . " "  Had such a review been conducted , FAA would have found or prevented the ` ambiguity ' in Southwest 's maintenance , which Southwest has discovered after its own review of its records this week , " the committee statement said . The 44 planes included five that were already out of service for scheduled maintenance checks plus one that "  was already retired , " the company said in a news release Wednesday afternoon . Watch what 's to be expected " Taking the other 38 planes out of service for inspection resulted in the cancellation of "  approximately 4 percent of today 's Southwest flights , " the release said . "  Due to good weather conditions , the decision caused minimal schedule disruptions and the airline is running more than 90 percent on time , " it said . By midafternoon , it said , "  a portion of the aircraft have been inspected , cleared , and returned to service . The airline expects to have all of these aircraft inspected by early this evening . " It said other such service interruptions could occur in coming days because of "  the ongoing internal review of Southwest 's maintenance programs , policies , and procedures . " Linda Rutherford , another Southwest spokeswoman , said the inspections take 90 minutes . Southwest Airlines CEO Gary Kelly said in a statement released Tuesday : "  Upon learning last month of an investigation with respect to our handling of this inspection and an airworthiness directive , I immediately ordered an independent and comprehensive investigation by outside counsel . " Southwest did not say whether the inspections were of the plane 's fuselages or rudders , both of which were mentioned in a CNN exclusive investigation released last week . According to detailed congressional documents obtained by CNN , Southwest Airlines flew some planes in violation of mandatory safety checks . Last week the Federal Aviation Administration initiated actions to seek a $ 10.2 million civil penalty against the airline for allegedly operating 46 airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking . The amount of the proposed penalty "  reflects the serious nature of those deliberate violations , " the FAA said in a statement . The FAA has said Southwest operated 46 Boeing 737s on nearly 60,000 flights between June 2006 and March 2007 while failing to comply with an FAA directive requiring repeated inspections of fuselage areas to detect fatigue cracking . The FAA also alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights in March 2007 . The airline later found that six of the 46 planes had fatigue cracks , the FAA said . Documents provided to CNN show that another 70 Southwest jets were allowed to fly past the deadline for the mandatory rudder inspections . Those documents also say that 47 planes -- one more than reported by the FAA -- flew without their mandatory fuselage inspections . In some cases , according to the documents the FAA provided to congressional investigators , the planes flew for 30 months past government inspection deadlines and should have grounded them until the inspections could be completed . The documents were prepared by two FAA safety inspectors who have requested whistle-blower status from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee . Both inspectors have been subpoenaed to testify before the committee . Rep. James Oberstar , D-Minnesota , who heads the committee and who has called the situation "  one of the worst safety violations " he has ever seen , is scheduled to hold a hearing April 3 to ask why the airline may have allegedly put its passengers in danger . The whistle-blowers say FAA managers knew about the lapse in safety at Southwest , but decided to allow the airline to conduct the safety checks on a slower schedule because taking "  aircraft out of service would have disrupted Southwest Airlines ' flight schedule . " "  I am concerned with some of our findings as to our controls over procedures within our maintenance airworthiness directive and regulatory compliance processes , " Kelly said Tuesday . "  I have insisted that we have the appropriate maintenance organizational and governance structure in place to ensure that the right decisions are being made . " In addition to putting three employees on administrative leave , Southwest has hired a consultant to review its maintenance program controls and is working closely with the FAA on its current audit of the fleet . "  These are important and necessary steps , " Kelly said . "  We have been a safe company . I believe we are a safe company . I am committed to making sure we become safer still . " The mandatory checks for fuselage cracks were required after the cabin of an Aloha Airlines 737 tore apart in midair in 1988 , killing a flight attendant . The incident was blamed on cracks in the fuselage that grew wider as the plane underwent pressure changes during flight . Southwest Airlines has never had a catastrophic crash . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokeswoman : 44 planes grounded to see if they need further inspections Lawmaker calls April 3 hearing , says it 's "  one of the worst safety violations " he 's seen FAA says Southwest jets made almost 60,000 flights without fuselage inspections Whistle-blowers say FAA knew of violations but did n't want to disrupt service
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Nebraska man is expected to plead guilty next week to launching a cyber attack that shut down the Church of Scientology 's Web sites , federal prosecutors said Monday . Brian Thomas Mettenbrink , 20 , of Grand Island , Nebraska , was accused of participating in an attack orchestrated by a group that called itself "  Anonymous . " The group led protests against the church in various parts of the country before announcing in January 2008 that it would launch a cyber offensive , said Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Los Angeles . Mettenbrink admitted in court that he downloaded software from an "  Anonymous " message board and used it to launch "  denial of service " attacks on Scientology Web sites . In such attacks , hackers flood a target site with so much traffic that it is unable to handle the volume and slows to a crawl or crashes altogether . As a result , the site is then unavailable to legitimate users . The group targeted the church after it forced Web sites to yank a leaked video of actor and church member Tom Cruise fervently making the case for Scientology . The video was intended for attendees at a church award ceremony in 2004 where Cruise was being honored . "  We are the authorities on getting people off drugs , we are the authorities on the mind , we are the authorities on improving conditions ... we can rehabilitate criminals , " Cruise says in the video . In 2008 , the video was leaked online and widely ridiculed . The church responded by threatening to sue Web sites unless they removed the clip . "  Anonymous " then launched its attack . As part of its offensive , the group asked Internet users to not only download the "  denial of service " software from its message board , but also to place prank phone calls , post proprietary church documents online , and send black pages to church fax machines to waste ink . The group posted a YouTube video that said it aimed to "  expel Scientology from the Internet . " "  Expect us , " the video ended . The attacks targeted local and global sites of the church . Mettenbrink is expected to plead guilty in federal court next week to a misdemeanor charge of accessing a protected computer with authorization . He agreed to serve a year in prison , Mrozek said . Mettenbrink 's is the second successful prosecution connected to the "  Anonymous " attacks . Last year , Dmitriy Guzner of Verona , New Jersey , was sentenced to a year and a day in federal prison for attacks on Scientology sites . The Church of Scientology , founded by the late science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard , is well known for its high-profile , celebrity members . In October , film director Paul Haggis left the church for its alleged public support of Proposition 8 , which eliminated the right of same-sex couples to marry in California . Also in October , a French court convicted the church and six of its leaders of organized fraud . The court imposed fines totaling more than $ 1 million on the church and the convicted staff . The plaintiffs focused their complaints on the use of a device that Scientologists say measures spiritual well-being . Members used the electropsychometer , or E-Meter , to "  locate areas of spiritual duress or travail so they can be addressed and handled , " according to Scientology 's Web site . The plaintiffs said that , after using the device , they were encouraged to pay for vitamins and books . They said that amounted to fraud . The church has called the decision a "  modern Inquisition " and said it would appeal the verdict .	Nebraska man admits role in attacks on Scientology Web sites He downloaded and used software to launch "  denial of service " attacks He is expected to get a yearlong prison sentence
CNN  -- Certain people exude such a powerful presence that they can absolutely captivate you within the very first moment of meeting them . When I was introduced to Bill Thomas at a conference , he was that kind of mesmerizing . A fortysomething , Harvard-trained doctor casually dressed in jeans and Birkenstocks , he took the stage and spoke passionately -- with an actor 's eloquence -- about aging . He laid out a vast and ambitious plan for how America could transform the experience of growing older , of what it means to be well , and of how we care for people in their seventies , eighties , and nineties . He argued that the medical system , the elder-care system , and the nursing home system have to evolve : "  Aging should be conceived of as an era of continual growth and renewal , rather than a period of decline , " he said . He had absolute clarity in every part of his argument , and his energy was both motivating and mobilizing . When I talked to him after his session , I asked , "  Bill , how do you describe your purpose in life ? " He answered , spontaneously and effortlessly , "  To bring respect back to elderhood in America . " In eight words , he captured his entire life 's work . Bill reminded me that the first step in living your purpose is to distill it . This very act sets an accurate compass heading . It shapes your choices , tells you what is important , and helps you separate the merely interesting from the truly crucial . How to find your company 's purpose So how might you go about finding your purpose in a way that 's as compelling as Bill 's ? How do you find a due north course for yourself , or your tribe , or your entire company -- a course that you may sometimes veer from , but that always draws you back to center ? Over the years , I 've worked with leaders from Apple , IBM , Nike , Facebook , and numerous other companies on making this journey . As we begin to imagine -- or reimagine -- the company 's purpose , the process typically begins with looking at the intersection of several key truths : - What does the world hunger for ? What does it desire ? What does it need or suffer from a lack of ? - What are the unique talents of the organization ? - Who has the company timelessly been ? - And who must it fearlessly become ? A company 's purpose lies at the center of these four forces . To discover it , we incite debate , storytelling , self-examination , study sessions in the historical archives , musings about the future . We help leaders in these companies find what they truly care about . That work of introspection and getting to clarity is rarely easy . But it is almost always rewarding . Once defined , purpose informs a company 's every move . It adds meaning and mindfulness to day-to-day operations and motivation that goes far beyond . How to find your personal purpose What 's interesting is that this method , which works so well for finding a compass heading for a company , also works for individuals . To define your personal purpose , start with these questions : - How will the world be better off , thanks to you having been on this earth ? - What are your unique gifts and superpowers ? - Who have you been when you 've been at your best ? - Who must you fearlessly become ? At the intersection of these four questions lies your personal purpose . The questions are deceptively simple , and you might be tempted to rush through them . To really do the task justice -- and to do yourself justice -- you have to peel away the layers of your self-conception . You have to get beyond that image you 've made for yourself that you so strongly defend . And you have to get at what is actually true . The tension among your answers reveals as much as the commonalities . Lean into it . This process may take days . It may obsess your thinking for weeks . For some , it takes years to unfold . There is no magical timeline . Move at your own pace . The same process holds true whether you 're a leader doing the hard work of articulating a purpose for your organization or you 're an individual ready to live a more directed life . So let me return to my story about Bill Thomas . At the end of our conversation , he said to me , "  What would you say your purpose is , Keith ? " I thought about it a bit , then started to talk : "  I work with companies as they go through deep , formative periods of transformation . I work with CEOs to help mobilize people during those times of change . Along the way , I help them see things from new vantage points , and then help those institutions rise to the challenge ... " I kept talking , but Bill politely interrupted . "  Keith , way too much ! It does n't sound like you 're very clear about what your personal purpose is . " I was stumped . His reaction made me reflect . I consider myself a fairly self-aware and mindful person  do n't we all ?  , and I thought I was pretty clear about why I 've been put on this earth . But Bill pointed out something powerful . The work of introspection is put into action only once you 've succinctly put your purpose into words . After leaving the conference , I spent a few weeks crafting what I believe my purpose is . "  To help people aspire , then be , great . " And then , coincidentally -- or perhaps there are no true coincidences -- 99U asked me to write this essay . Putting purpose into action Once you 've vocalized your unique purpose , how exactly does it play out ? How do you put it into action ? I like the way Richard Leider , one of the world 's foremost experts on purpose , describes how to approach the next step . He defines purpose as being in the right place with the people who matter to you , doing your life 's work . So the endeavor becomes , in Richard 's words , to "  pack " and "  repack " one 's life -- discarding ideas , thoughts , duties , old baggage about relationships , in favor of packing the things you truly need to be at your best in life . I am constantly humbled at how purpose drives the people and companies I admire : Casey Sheahan served as the CEO of outdoor clothing pioneer Patagonia for a decade . In his post , he was responsible not only for the financial health of the company but also for charting its positive impact in the world . His personal purpose is about helping people live a mindful existence -- that is , to bring thoughtfulness and intentionality to their work and play . Meanwhile , Patagonia 's purpose is to "  build the best product , cause no unnecessary harm , and use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis . " With both his personal and business purposes aligned , Casey created a company culture that continues to make Patagonia the proof of concept for a different kind of compassionate business . Ask : How can your personal purpose align with your organization 's purpose to create the conditions to do good in the world ? Bill McDonough -- the sui generis thinker behind the cradle-to-cradle design approach -- demonstrates a commitment to his personal purpose of creating a sustainable planet in how feverishly he lives it out . He crisscrosses the globe . He 's in China one day helping to build sustainable cities , and speaking to young architects about how to rethink energy efficiency on the next . One day he 's with the CEO of Ford Motor Company discussing different kinds of transportation , and the next he 's researching the chemical composition of building materials to create ones that are healthy for the planet . Ask : Can you live your purpose in a more all-encompassing way ? Artist , architect , and activist Maya Lin 's purpose shows up not only in what she makes but also in what she chooses not to make . She spends her time focused solely on the projects and causes that allow her to grow and contribute . She says "  no " to the rest . Restraint and discipline come to those who are clear about their purpose in life . Ask : What does your purpose reveal about what you should stop doing ? In the start-up realm of Silicon Valley , companies live or die by how quickly they move and act . But for Dave Morin -- one of Facebook 's most impactful early employees and today the founder of mobile social network Path -- smart is more important than fast . In order to help his company live up to its purpose of creating technologies that bring us closer to the people we love , he has started a "  slow product movement " -- a mindful practice that is not about speed of product development but the quality of the things he develops . Ask : What does your purpose imply you must be patient about ? Purpose drives impact , impact rewards purpose Purpose compels you to act . It brings into focus the things that matter most . I asked Bill Thomas how he 's made so many strides in advancing his cause over the years . His response : "  I entertain the conversations , meetings , relationships that are most in line with my purpose over any other activity . Frankly , life is simply too short to fritter away your time chasing things that do n't matter to you . Or to the world . " And here is the most interesting bit : The impact you have in the world also affirms your purpose . Impact justifies purpose . It fuels purpose . It empowers you to live your purpose more boldly every day . This is how everyday people can achieve extraordinary things . We listen to that purpose . We achieve things because of our purpose . And that in turn makes each of us hungry to live by our purpose even more . In our own humble way , this is how people become great . Will you take the next step ? Will you invest the time to find your personal purpose ? Will you gather your colleagues to define the purpose of your organization ? In that move , greatness emerges . Read more : The surprising benefits of doing nothing 9 awesome ` schools ' that will help you master life Introverts ' secrets of success	Leadership expert Keith Yamashita says finding your purpose brings into focus what matters most When you apply that to your career it shapes your choices and helps you separate interesting from crucial Yamashita lays out a series of questions to help you find your purpose -- and live it Yamashita has worked with Apple , Nike , Ebay and Facebook on similar issues
CNN  -- Even as America reels from the horrific massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , the clock continues to count down toward the so-called "  fiscal cliff . " In the face of a legitimate crisis , it is harder to stomach manufactured ones . And that 's exactly what the so-called fiscal cliff is . In fact , every time I hear the term , I want to slam my head on the table . Luckily , I 'm not alone . Today , December 19 , a collection of artists are coming together to expose the "  fiscal cliff " as a "  fiscal bluff , " and remind progressives of the power of culture in helping to win the long-term war of ideas . My organization , Rebuild the Dream , is joining artist groups CultureStrike and 5D Stories on a special project : "  ARTSTRIKE : America 's Not Broke , America is Being Robbed . " On Wednesday , with the help of Rebuild the Dream 's members and partners , millions of people will see works of art that convey what is at stake in the big budget fight . Some of the artwork takes the form of arresting and powerful visuals with a fierce message . Other works explain what is happening in Washington , or graphically depict the choice our nation faces . There are songs and videos touching on issues from student debt to long-ignored poverty . Not every piece frames the debate exactly as I would , and I may not share every artist 's exact view . But that 's not the point of a project like this . I believe this project conveys a message that policymakers need to hear . And it could n't come at a more urgent moment than now , as reports indicate President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner could be nearing a deal that slashes Social Security , cuts benefits for veterans and raises taxes on the poor and middle class to pay for the Bush wars , tax cuts and bailouts . Our country is in the midst of a massive jobs crisis , the next generation is saddled in debt , the climate crisis is rapidly approaching a point of no return and now unspeakable gun violence shatters the heart of our nation . Instead of tackling these problems , some of our nation 's leaders are apparently contemplating putting Social Security , and maybe Medicare , on the chopping block in a panic move -- all to avoid an artificially contrived deadline . We can make a huge dent in the rest of the deficit just by returning to the higher taxes and lower defense spending of the Clinton boom years , asking those who do well in America to do well by America . Washington should also deal with spending by cutting wasteful subsidies to oil companies , defense contractors and agribusinesses that do little but line CEOs ' pockets with our tax dollars . The main part of the cliff that worries me is taxes going up on poor and middle-class Americans . The House of Representatives could fix that with one vote to extend the current low rates . We need to spread the word , and I am glad that artists are leading the way . Artists have been at the forefront of all great modern social movements . They inspire people to dream bigger , force us to imagine a different world and confront people with new ideas . We must embrace the power of art to better protect the American Dream for generations to come . We should never allow Washington politicians to stampede the American people into supporting cuts they otherwise would never accept . They 're bluffing -- and hoping we fold . It 's not a fiscal cliff , it 's a fiscal bluff . And as our nation struggles to deal with real emergencies , I am glad that America 's artists are calling them on it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : After Newtown , it is hard to stomach an artificial crisis like the fiscal cliff Jones : Artists ' works expose fiscal cliff as a bluff to cut essential programs Jones : We need a return to higher taxes , lower defense spending of Clinton years Listen to artists , he says . They are in the forefront of many social movements
CNN  It was a story that sounded like something out of a horror film : Two young brothers strangled by a 100-pound snake that came crashing through the ceiling as they slept . But this was no work of fiction . It was the all-too-real fate suffered by brothers Connor and Noah Barthe in August 2013 at a sleepover in the home of Jean-Claude Savoie , a family friend who lived above an exotic pet store that he ran in New Brunswick , Canada . Though deemed a tragic accident from the outset , the incident nevertheless remained under investigation , and on Thursday , 18 months later , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced that it had "  arrested an individual in connection with the deaths of Noah and Connor Barthe of Campbellton ,  New Brunswick  . " Leslie Matchim , an attorney for Savoie , confirmed that his client was the one arrested . "  It remains to be seen if there will be charges , " Matchim said on Thursday . A call and email to the Crown Prosecutor 's Office was not immediately returned . Savoie was arrested in Montreal , where he has since relocated , some 500 miles away from his Reptile Ocean pet store , according to Matchim . He remained in custody there Thursday night . According to CBC , the African rock python was kept in a glass enclosure similar to an aquarium , but on the night of the sleepover it slithered into the ventilation system . It was above the living room , where Connor , 6 , and Noah , 4 , were sleeping , when the ceiling caved in . Autopsy results revealed that the boys died from asphyxiation .	Pet store owner Jean-Claude Savoie arrested in connection with 2013 deaths of young brothers Connor and Noah Barthe were strangled by a 100-pound python that escaped from Savoie 's pet store The boys were at a sleepover at Savoie 's apartment above the pet store
CNN  -- A former Rutgers University student went on trial Friday in New Jersey on hate crimes charges and other counts for allegedly using a webcam to spy on his roommate 's sexual encounter with another man . The roommate , Tyler Clementi , committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge just days after Dharun Ravi allegedly streamed the encounter remotely and allowed others to view it . "  That viewing lasted , depending upon who you want to listen to , two to five seconds , " said defense attorney Steven Altman . "  The back of two people from the corner of the room , embracing . ... That was it . " Ravi , 19 , faces a 15-count indictment in connection with Clementi 's 2010 death that includes charges of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering , and hindering apprehension or prosecution . The jury will be confronted with the question of whether Ravi 's alleged bullying was borne of a gay prejudice that prompted him to intimidate Clementi because of his sexual orientation . "  These acts were purposeful , they were intentional , and they were planned , " prosecutor Julia L. McClure told the jury on the first day of the trial . The highly anticipated case drew more than 100 people inside the courtroom . Last year , Ravi turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . The deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors would have required the former student to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man that appeared in the web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . Ravi is a citizen of India who had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university . A second student charged in the scandal , Molly Wei , 19 , reached a plea deal that requires her to testify against Ravi . If convicted , Ravi could face up to 10 years behind bars . On Friday , Wei 's roommate Cassandra Cicco testified about the alleged video stream . "  I could only really see one of them and his back was to the camera and he appeared to be shirtless , " she said . "  Someone pressed end on the feed . It ended abruptly and we were all just like -- oh , OK , that happened . And that was the end of it . " Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a taped video message condemning bullying .	NEW : "  These acts were purposeful , " says a prosecutor Dharun Ravi , 19 , faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges Jury will decide whether the alleged bullying was borne of a gay prejudice Tyler Clementi flung himself off the George Washington Bridge just days after the incident
CNN  If the King had lived , he would have been 80 on Thursday . For Henrik Knudsen , this year brings another significant anniversary worth celebrating . Twenty-five years ago , he decided to quit his job selling power tools to become Denmark 's only professional Elvis Presley fan . "  I was a sales agent for a long time and I decided I did n't want to be that anymore . I thought , imagine if I could be a full-time Elvis fan , " he says . "  I knew it was a big leap but I felt like I just had to do it . And a few years later I was . " Even by the obsessive levels of fandom still inspired by the defining entertainer of the 20th century nearly four decades after his death , Knudsen takes his duties seriously . He 's sitting in a diner booth in the replica of Elvis Presley 's Graceland mansion he 's built on the outskirts of his hometown of Randers in central Jutland . "  We get a lot of Norwegians stopping off . If not for the memorabilia , then for the food , " says Knudsen . Elvis sandwiches There are not , it has to be said , too many other dining options for the bequiffed Nordic trucker with a penchant for blue suede shoes , fresh off the ferry from Stavanger and hungering for a peanut butter , jam , banana and bacon sandwich -- the diner 's tribute in cholesterol to its hero 's all-American appetite . Like the ebullient Knudsen , Graceland Randers is larger than life . From outside , the neo-classical entrance , guarded by stone lions , and green shutters are unmistakable , but it 's twice the size of the Memphis original where Elvis lived from 1957 until his death in 1977 . As well as the diner , the mansion houses Knudsen 's $ 1.6 million-valued collection of memorabilia -- instruments and outfits , plus more idiosyncratic items such as cufflinks given to Elvis by U.S. President Richard Nixon , and a baseball glove he used while serving as a soldier in Germany . The collection also features a photo of Denmark 's current Queen Margrethe and other Scandinavian royals meeting Elvis during a visit to Hollywood in 1960 . "  That 's a great piece , because you can talk about it to Danes , who are very proud of their queen , and to Americans because they like royalty , " Knudsen says . The shop is a treasure trove for vinyl collectors . A casual browse uncovers exotic albums from the former Yugoslavia , India and Japan , and a Dutch rarity featuring alternate tracks by Elvis and swivel-hipped 1980s Welsh wonder Shakin ' Stevens . ` All in good taste ' Downstairs in the museum , "  Aloha from Hawaii " -- Elvis 's seminal satellite broadcast from 1973 -- plays on a perpetual loop , while Graceland Randers also broadcasts "  Always Elvis , " a 24-7 radio station available via a smartphone app astutely summed up by one reviewer as "  brilliant if you like Elvis . " Knudsen 's personally led tours and boundless enthusiasm are a big part of the attraction . "  In 1972 I became an Elvis fan , and I was 13 when he died , " he says . "  For me it started with the music . It 's hard to explain . I listened to all kinds of music back then and still today but there is nothing that catches my interest like Elvis . " Disappointingly for more morbid-minded Elvis obsessives , there 's no replica of the upstairs bathroom suite where he famously left the building for the final time , with the first floor instead serving as a function room . "  We realize we are on a thin line here , " explains Knudsen . "  Is it tacky ? Is it cool ? Is it a joke ? Most people who come here get it . We think we have done this in good taste . " Knudsen hit on the idea of building a Danish Graceland in 2006 when he saw a replica of Sun Studio during a visit to Nashville . By then he 'd been successfully staging exhibitions since 1993 and was looking for a permanent home for his expanding collection . "  I wondered how much it would be , and thought maybe five million kroner  $ 822,000  . I contacted an architect -- I knew his wife was an Elvis fan and that was why I dared even call him . "  We went to Memphis to see the real thing . And when we came home he did some drawings and said ` It 's not five million kroner , it 's 20 million . ' " Birthday treat Backed by local business and civic leaders , the house opened at an eventual cost of 26 million kroner  $ 4.27 m  in 2011 and now draws almost 120,000 visitors a year . "  There was never a business plan , but one step just led to the next , " says Knudsen . "  If someone had told me in 1972 that I would be living off Elvis I 'd have said they were crazy . If you 'd told me in 1990 that I 'd have people working for me then I 'd have said you were crazy . "  And if somebody had told me that we would build Graceland in Randers I would n't have believed it . " These days Knudsen is a major player in the Elvis industry , even without the blessing of Elvis Presley Enterprises  EPE  , which licenses official products and ventures , and has been touted as a potential buyer of Elvis 's planes , which were put up for sale last year . "  I have a nice letter which Priscilla -LSB- Presley , Elvis 's ex-wife -RSB- wrote to Graceland Randers with a smiley face , but EPE do n't like us at all . I think they should be grateful that someone is putting money in their pockets . "  All the merchandise we sell is licensed , and I am bringing Danes to America on Elvis tours . " Still , Knudsen 's devotion has delivered a birthday treat for local fans with the TCB Band , Elvis 's backing musicians during his Las Vegas years , and others who shared a stage with him set to perform in Randers on Thursday night . "  We have the TCB Band , which is the band he used from 1969 until his death . Then we have his backup singers , the Imperials , and we have his musical director , Joe Guercio . "  For them to be here in Randers , of all the places in the world , on his birthday , I think it 's pretty remarkable . " Graceland Randers , Vej 3 , 8960 Randers , Denmark ; +45 86 42 96 96 Simon Hooper has worked as a journalist covering international news , politics and sports for websites and publications including CNN , the New Statesman , Sports Illustrated and The Blizzard . He was named Freelance Writer of the Year at the 2014 Online Media Awards . He tweets @simonbhooper .	Elvis Presley fan Henrik Knudsen has created a larger-than-life replica of Graceland in Denmark 's Jutland region Graceland Randers features a $ 1.6 million-valued collection of Elvis memorabilia The venue will mark Elvis 's 80th birthday with a performance featuring some of the King 's old backing band
CNN  -- New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush announced Tuesday that he would forfeit the Heisman Trophy he won in 2005 when he was at the University of Southern California . "  I will forever appreciate the honor bestowed upon me as a winner of the Heisman , " Bush wrote in a statement released by his pro team , the New Orleans Saints . "  While this decision is heart-breaking , I find solace in knowing that the award was made possible by the support and love of so many . Those are gifts that can never be taken away . " Bush , who skipped his senior season at USC to enter the National Football League draft , has been under a cloud since an NCAA investigation led to harsh sanctions against his alma mater . The investigation found that two would-be sports agents lavished gifts on the star and his family and that at least one member of the Trojans coaching staff knew about it . The NCAA gave the school four years of probation , forced it to vacate its last two wins of the 2004 season , including the 2005 Orange Bowl , and all of its wins in 2005 . The school is banned from bowl games in 2010 and 2011 and can not associate itself with Bush . Additionally , running backs coach Todd McNair has been banned from off-campus recruiting . The punishments were announced in June . "  The persistent media speculation regarding allegations dating back to my years at USC has been both painful and distracting , " Bush said in a statement released by the Saints . "  In no way should the storm around these allegations reflect in any way on the dignity of this award , nor on any other institutions or individuals . Nor should it distract from outstanding performances and hard-earned achievements either in the past , present or future . " The NCAA ruled that Bush lost his eligibility to play college football in December 2004 . The Heisman Trophy Trust , which administers the award , has been conducting its own investigation . From December 2004 , the sports agents , who were hoping to represent Bush in the NFL draft , allegedly paid for hotel rooms , rent on a home where Bush 's family lived and a limousine ride to accept the Heisman in December 2005 . But such payments are not allowed under NCAA rules . In his statement , Bush said he wanted to turn "  a negative situation into a positive one by working with the Trustees to establish an educational program which will assist student-athletes and their families avoid some of the mistakes that I made . " "  I am determined to view this event as an opportunity to help others and to advance the values and mission of the Heisman Trophy Trust , " he said . The Heisman "  recognizes the outstanding college football player whose performance best exhibits the pursuit of excellence with integrity , " according to the award 's website . "  Winners epitomize great ability combined with diligence , perseverance and hard work . " Bush helped lead the Saints to their first Super Bowl victory during the 2009-2010 season .	NCAA investigation : Reggie Bush received payments , gifts while playing at USC Investigation led to harsh sanctions against University of Southern California Star says he wants to help young athletes "  avoid some of the mistakes I made "
CNN  -- U.S. fans of Michael Jackson are pouring out their grief through music and dance , impromptu shrines at symbolic locations and heartfelt remembrances online . Valerie Rojas Pruitt , 12 , lights a candle Friday at Michael Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was surrounded hours before dawn Friday by candles , flowers , posters and balloons . As the sun rose , a man crouched on the sidewalk and painted a portrait of the pop star , who died suddenly on Thursday . "  This is a very sad day here in Hollywood , California , " sobbed Melissa Fazli , a CNN iReporter . "  This is very , very sad . I ca n't believe it . " The star emblem had been covered until almost 3 a.m. by a red carpet for the premiere of the Sasha Baron Cohen film "  Bruno " at Grauman 's Chinese Theater , but fans started leaving mementos as soon as the carpet was removed . The film 's producers reportedly cut a scene referencing Jackson , at least for the premiere . Watch the Walk of Fame shrine grow " "  He was an innovator , " a fan named Delores said outside the theater . "  He 's basically an icon in his own time -- legendary . It 's going to take years -LSB- to sink in -RSB- that he 's gone , because he 's always with me . ... I 'm just trying to assess it all right now . I 'm still mourning , and at the same time missing him . It 's a little bit much to bear . " See what celebrities had to say " Fans gathered near the gates of the Los Angeles home where the King of Pop collapsed Thursday , and hundreds more assembled outside the UCLA Medical Center , where Jackson was pronounced dead . The U.S. fans ' reaction was part of a worldwide outpouring of grief over Jackson 's death and celebration of his life and art . See how people reacted in other countries People stopped in their tracks Thursday in New York 's Times Square , staring up at the giant TV screens bearing news of Jackson 's death . Some people set up lawn chairs in the evening . Watch the reaction on Times Square " Hundreds of people gathered in front of the Motown Historical Museum in Detroit , Michigan , a two-story house where the Jackson 5 's recording career began in 1969 , according to CNN affiliate WDIV-TV . Fans built a makeshift shrine to Jackson , whose hits could be heard booming from passing cars , the station reported . View a timeline of Jackson 's career " Fans frequently broke into song and dance around Jackson 's childhood home on Jackson Street , renamed in honor of the family , in Gary , Indiana , CNN affiliate WRTV-TV reported . Watch fans gather at the home " "  I knew Michael . I only lived three blocks from him myself , " Gary resident John Moore told WRTV-TV . "  It 's a really sad day . I 'm very hurt and disappointed right now . He was a great guy . " CNN iReporter Egberto Willies of Kingwood , Texas , summed up the conflicting feelings Jackson engendered among his admirers : "  I grew up on Michael Jackson , " Willies said in a video post on iReport.com . "  I loved Michael Jackson . I hated Michael Jackson . I admired Michael Jackson . I was ashamed of Michael Jackson . I was sorry for Michael Jackson . I was proud of Michael Jackson . iReport : Share your thoughts about Michael Jackson "  Michael Jackson was a complicated human being who was -LSB- denied -RSB- a childhood in order to provide us with great musical and dancing entertainment , " Willies went on . "  But with all his wealth and success he never seemed happy with himself . He never viewed himself as we viewed him : simply the best entertainer alive . May he rest in peace , his demons left behind . " CNN 's Kara Finnstrom and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Admirers gather at symbolic locations to salute the late "  King of Pop " Candles , flowers , posters , balloons surround star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Fans sing and dance outside Detroit house where Jackson 5 first recorded Neighbors remember Jackson at childhood home in Gary , Indiana
The chilling images from North Korea brought back memories from one of the most disturbing and important moments of none other than Saddam Hussein 's tactics for establishing his iron-clad rule of Iraq . The young North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un , it appears , has learned from the most ruthless and long-lasting of modern dictators . On Monday , North Korea 's citizens saw what would have seemed impossible just a few months ago : The man who had stood at Kim 's side since he came to power , his uncle Jang Song Thaek , publicly humiliated in a shake-up that signaled a fierce power struggle and sent a stern message to the country and the world . The televised footage showed what unfolded during the meeting of the party 's Central Committee , reportedly the day before . In a room of stunned party members , two uniformed soldiers grabbed Jang -- until recently the country 's second most powerful man -- and took him away after he was accused of betraying Kim and the revolution . Just a few days later , on Thursday , the North Korea government-controlled Korean Central News Agency reported that Jang had been executed for betraying the regime : "  Despicable human scum Jang , who was worse than a dog , perpetrated thrice-cursed acts of treachery in betrayal of such profound trust and warmest paternal love shown by the party and the leader for him . " Decades-old grainy black and white images from Iraq tell a similar story of power and intrigue whose consequences are now well-known . On July 22 , 1979 , during a meeting of Iraq 's Baath Party , the names of 60 top party leaders labeled traitors were read as , one by one , the terrified men were removed from the hall . That footage was also distributed widely -- a sign to all that Hussein would let no one stand in his way , instilling fear even among the most powerful in the country . It was a moment that as much as any other cemented Hussein 's rule for almost a quarter of a century . In keeping with the totalitarians ' textbook , the North Korean regime denounced Kim 's uncle in language that would be familiar to those who have lived under the worst dictatorships . The masterpiece of totalitarian prose , published for all to read in the state media , accused Jang of leading a "  dissolute and depraved life . " It condemns him for pretending to support Kim while "  dreaming different dreams , " and living a life of corruption , ambition , drug use , "  wining and dining at back parlors and deluxe restaurants , " as well as "  gambling in foreign casinos at the party 's expense " and being "  affected by the capitalist way of living . " Kim 's uncle , the regime charges , was "  behaving against the elementary sense of moral obligation and conscience of a human being . " Most of all , Jang -- married to the sister of Kim 's late father , former leader Kim Jong Il -- is accused of planning to challenge his nephew and undermine him as "  unitary center " of the state . It 's a stunning ledger of charges and one that makes no effort to conceal there is a power struggle in North Korea . Tellingly , the accusations speak of a Jang Song Thaek "  group , " which suggests the purge is far from over . There have already been reports that a couple of Jang associates were executed . State media has followed the reports with a scrubbing of the files . Jang is being erased from the records . The man who stood at Kim 's side when his father died is being Photoshopped out of existence . All mentions of him -- except for the condemnations -- are disappearing from the website of the Korean Central News Agency . And every photograph is now suddenly , and not-so-mysteriously , free of his image . He has even been deleted from a recent documentary about Kim Jong Un . The question is what comes next : What does this mean for the millions of North Koreans living under Kim 's brutal rule ? How does this execution and purge affect nuclear-armed North Korea 's behavior on the global stage ? Jang was known as something of a reformer , although that term must be viewed within the context of the totalitarian regime . He supported limited market reforms and reportedly opposed Pyongyang 's nuclear test earlier this year -- both positions that put him at odds with the military . There is little doubt that Jang 's execution strengthens the military 's hand . The experience from Iraq suggests that a reign of fear among the powerful serves only to entrench the harshest policies . High-ranking officials , worried about appearing weak or disloyal , will be more reluctant to suggest reforms that loosen the regime 's grip . That is dismal news for those who live in a state that is the world 's worst violator of human rights . A new report from Amnesty International says as many as 200,000 North Koreans , including children , the elderly and generations of families live in prison camps where they routinely endure torture , starvation and worse . Life outside the camps is also subject to harsh conditions for most North Koreans . When the younger Kim came to power in 2011 after his father died , some held hope that his time living in Switzerland had instilled reformist instincts , expecting he would moderate domestic policies and undertake more conciliatory actions toward the rest of the world . But so far , he has proven as defiant and inflexible as his father and grandfather . In a major crisis a year ago , he launched long-range missiles and later detonated a nuclear weapon and then threatened a nuclear attack against the U.S. and South Korea . Kim may now want to prevent anyone from taking advantage of turmoil in Pyongyang with another show of force . It is not clear what exactly caused the high-level purge . The military might have triggered and won the clash with Jang . Some suggest Kim may now be a figurehead in a military-led regime , but he already reshuffled the military command . He appears to be in control . More likely , however , Kim is consolidating power , much like Hussein did in 1979 . He is building his own inner circle of trustworthy loyalists and daring anyone to defy him . The young heir who rose to power two years ago under the protection of an experienced uncle is sending notice that he is not a child any more . The dictator is all grown up and settling in for a long time in power .	Kim Jong Un accused his uncle of betrayal ; North Korea media say uncle was executed Frida Ghitis : This tactic used by Saddam Hussein in consolidating his power Ghitis : Kim 's uncle was accused of living in depravity ; now , the military is in charge Kim is sending a brutal message that he will punish any whisper of dissent , Ghitis says
CNN  Gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship Celebrity Infinity , according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control . Of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms , the CDC said . The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew . The CDC has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments . Two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet the West Coast-based ship in San Diego on Monday . The Infinity left San Diego on March 29 . It made its last stop in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , on April 10 , according to MarineTraffic.com . Celebrity Cruises has been taking action since the outbreak began , including increasing cleaning and disinfection procedures , keeping passengers informed and taking specimens from the afflicted for testing by the CDC , the agency says . According to the Maritime Executive , this is the third time the Celebrity Infinity has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness , with others occurring in 2006 and 2013 . The ship was built in 2001 and refurbished in 2011 .	100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on Celebrity Infinity The ship , which is based on the West Coast , left San Diego in late March The CDC is scheduled to board the ship Monday
Washington  CNN  -- Martin Ginsburg , husband of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , has died of cancer at age 78 . A statement from the Supreme Court said Ginsburg died Sunday at his Washington home , due to complications from metastatic cancer . The court said a private ceremony will be held at Arlington National Cemetery , but no date was given . Ginsburg , known as Marty to his friends and family , was the outgoing , jovial opposite of his soft-spoken , diminutive wife , but the couple maintained a strong , happy marriage over 56 years . Their wedding anniversary was four days ago . The Supreme Court will wrap up its work for the term Monday , and recess for the summer . Justice Ginsburg was on the bench as recently as Thursday as rulings were announced . Until his recent illness , Ginsburg worked as a lawyer at the Washington law firm Fried Frank , and as a professor at Georgetown Law Center . He was constant presence at his wife 's side at many social and court-related events . Ginsburg was known inside the court for cooking meals for the justices , their families , and for his wife 's law clerks , a skill he picked up when discovering his wife possessed few culinary talents . That became a running joke in the family , and one which the justice regaled audiences with over the years , somewhat sheepishly . "  Professor Ginsburg is a regular contributor to the lighter side of life at the Supreme Court , " said the justice in March 2009 . "  Mainly he performs in the kitchen , for the quarterly spouses ' lunches held at the Court and , occasionally in past years , at a dinner for the entire Court family -- justices , their spouses , and widows of former Court members . In the beginning , when I was the newest justice , my dear husband offered aid in lightening my load . " Ruth Ginsburg , who joined the Supreme Court in 1993 , long credited her husband 's open-mindedness for the success she has enjoyed in her legal , academic , and judicial career , especially at a time decades ago when women were encouraged to stay home and devote their energies to supporting their spouses . Martin David Ginsburg was born in 1932 and grew up in Long Island , New York . He met his future wife on a blind date at Cornell University , and they married in 1954 . After he served a stint in the military , the couple both attended Harvard Law School . During his third year , Ginsburg developed a rare form of testicular cancer and underwent two surgeries . He credited his recovery in part to wife 's ability to juggle caring for him , their young daughter , and their dual legal studies . He later worked as a lawyer in New York and a professor at Columbia University 's law school , where Ruth Ginsburg had transferred and graduated . Unlike her husband , the future justice was unable to find a job at her alma mater or any decent offers at a law firm , so she began teaching at Rutgers University , and developed a national reputation taking on gender discrimination cases . He was known for quietly helping build and organize political support for his wife 's appointments to those top government jobs . The justice has called her husband her "  best friend and biggest booster . " "  A supportive husband who is willing to share duties and responsibilities is a must for any woman who hopes to combine marriage and a career , " she recently told a forum on professional opportunities for female lawyers . " Through his friendship with billionaire businessman and onetime presidential candidate Ross Perot , a special position -- or "  chair " in academic circles -- was created at Georgetown for the study of tax law , and named in Martin Ginsburg 's honor . It was less than successful , however , as the professor himself explained in his professional resume . "  In 1986 , someone who probably prefers never to be identified endowed a Chair in Taxation in his name at Georgetown , " wrote Ginsburg . "  No one appears willing to occupy the Ginsburg Chair , and it remains vacant , " a fact he always laughed about . The Ginsburgs had two children , Jane -- a professor at Columbia -- James , an independent record producer in Chicago , and four grandchildren .	Martin Ginsburg was Washington lawyer , law professor Wife Ruth Ginsburg joined Supreme Court in 1993 Couple celebrated wedding anniversary four days ago Martin Ginsburg had been ill with cancer
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- College senior Kyla Berry was looking forward to voting in her first presidential election , even carrying her voter registration card in her wallet . "  Vote suppression is real . It does sometimes happen , " said Daniel P. Tokaji , a law professor at Ohio State University . But about two weeks ago , Berry got disturbing news from local election officials . "  This office has received notification from the state of Georgia indicating that you are not a citizen of the United States and therefore , not eligible to vote , " a letter from the Fulton County Department of Registration and Elections said . But Berry is a U.S. citizen , born in Boston , Massachusetts . She has a passport and a birth certificate to prove it . Watch some of the concerns of voting experts " The letter , which was dated October 2 , gave her a week from the time it was dated to prove her citizenship . There was a problem , though -- the letter was postmarked October 9 . "  It was the most bizarre thing . I immediately called my mother and asked her to send me my birth certificate , and then I was like , ` It 's too late , apparently , ' " Berry said . Berry is one of more than 50,000 registered Georgia voters who have been "  flagged " because of a computer mismatch in their personal identification information . At least 4,500 of those people are having their citizenship questioned and the burden is on them to prove eligibility to vote . Experts say lists of people with mismatches are often systematically cut , or "  purged , " from voter rolls . It 's a scenario that 's being repeated all across the country , with cases like Berry 's raising fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing states . "  What most people do n't know is that every year , elections officials strike millions of names from the voter rolls using processes that are secret , prone to error and vulnerable to manipulation , " said Wendy Weiser , an elections expert with New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice . "  That means that lots and lots of eligible voters could get knocked off the voter rolls without any notice and , in many cases , without any opportunity to correct it before Election Day . " Weiser acknowledged that "  purging done well and with proper accountability " is necessary to remove people who have died or moved out of state . "  But the problem is it 's not necessary to do inaccurate purges that catch up thousands of eligible voters without any notice or any opportunity to fix it before Election Day and really without any public scrutiny at all , " she said . Such allegations have flared up across the United States during this election cycle , most notably in Ohio , where a recent lawsuit has already gone to the U.S. Supreme Court . There , the state Republican Party sued Ohio 's Democratic secretary of state in an effort to make her generate a list of people who had mismatched information . But Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner said generating such a list would create numerous problems too close to the election and possibly disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of voters . The Supreme Court last week ruled against the GOP on appeal of a lower court order directing Brunner to prepare the list . In Florida , election officials found that 75 percent of about 20,000 voter registration applications from a three-week period in September were mismatched due to typographical and administrative errors . Florida 's Republican secretary of state ordered the computer match system implemented in early September . In Wisconsin , Republican Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen sued the state 's election board after it voted against a proposal to implement a "  no-match " policy . The board conducted an audit of its voter rolls and found a 22 percent match failure rate -- including for four of the six members of the board . The Brennan Center has also documented cases across the country of possible illegal purging , impediments to college student voting and difficulties accessing voter registration . A lawsuit has been filed over Georgia 's mismatch system , and the state is also under fire for requesting Social Security records for verification checks on about 2 million voters -- more requests than any other state . One of the lawyers involved in the lawsuit says Georgia is violating a federal law that prohibits widespread voter purges within 90 days of the election , arguing that the letters were sent out too close to the election date . "  They are systematically using these lists and matching them and using those matches to send these letters out to voters , " said McDonald , director of the ACLU Voting Rights Project in Georgia . "  It 's not , you know , an individualized notion of people maybe not being citizens or not being residents . They 're using a systematic purging procedure that 's expressly prohibited by federal laws . " Asked if he believed that eligible voters were purged in Georgia , McDonald said , "  If people who are properly eligible , are getting improperly challenged and purged , the answer would be ` Yes , ' " he said . Elise Shore , regional counsel for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said letters like those sent to Berry appear to violate two federal laws against voter purging within 90 days of the election . "  People are being targeted , and people are being told they are non-citizens , including both naturalized citizens and U.S.-born citizens , " said Shore , another plaintiff in the Georgia lawsuit . "  They 're being told they 're not eligible to vote , based on information in a database that has n't been checked and approved by the Department of Justice , and that we know has flaws in it . " Georgia 's Secretary of State Karen Handel , a Republican who began working on purging voter rolls since she was elected in 2006 , said that wo n't happen . If there are errors , she said , there is still plenty of time to resolve the problems . iReport.com : Are you voting early ? Handel says she is not worried the verification process will prevent eligible voters from casting a ballot . "  In this state and all states , there 's a process to ensure that a voter who comes in -- even if there 's a question about their status -- that they will vote either provisional or challenge ballot , which is a paper ballot , " she said . "  So then the voter has ample opportunity to clarify any issues or address them , " Handel added . "  And I think that 's a really important process . " Handel denied the efforts to verify the vote are suppression . "  This is about ensuring the integrity of our elections , " she said . "  It is imperative to have checks and balances on the front end , during the processes and on the back end . That 's what the verification process is about . " So someone like Kyla Berry will be allowed to cast a provisional ballot when she votes , but it 's up to county election officials whether those ballots would actually count . Berry says she will try to vote , but she 's not confident it will count . "  I know this happens , but I can not believe it 's happening to me , " she said . "  If I were n't allowed to vote , I would just feel like that would be ... like the worst thing ever -- a travesty . "	Kyla Berry got a letter saying to vote , she must prove she 's a U.S. citizen She and others like her have been flagged for mismatched information Experts say lists of people with mismatches are being purged from voter rolls Cases like Berry 's raise fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing states
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The wife of accused swindler Bernard Madoff pulled $ 15.5 million out of a Madoff-related brokerage firm in Massachusetts in the weeks before his arrest , authorities there disclosed Wednesday . Bernard Madoff is under 24-hour house arrest in his Upper East Side luxury apartment . The withdrawals by Ruth Madoff took place in November and December , according to a complaint filed by state regulators against Cohmad Securities , a firm they said was "  intertwined " with Madoff 's New York-based company . The regulators say Cohmad has refused to provide information about its ties to Madoff , who is accused of running a Ponzi scheme that may have cost investors up to $ 50 billion . Daily wire transaction reports show Cohmad was aware of transfers to and from Madoff-related accounts , the filing states . "  For example , the few reports produced by Cohmad show that Ruth Madoff withdrew $ 5.5 million on November 25 , 2008 and withdrew $ 10 million on December 10 , 2008 , " investigators said . Bernard Madoff , 70 , was arrested December 11 and is currently under house arrest in his Manhattan luxury apartment . He faces one charge of securities fraud in connection with an international scheme that has cost some investors their life savings and could face up to 20 years in prison and a $ 5 million fine if convicted . In January , prosecutors tried to revoke his $ 10 million bail after he mailed more than $ 1 million worth of diamond-studded jewelry to friends and family , a move they said showed he was trying to move assets out of government hands . But a judge ruled Madoff was neither a danger to the community nor a flight risk . Prosecutors and Madoff 's lawyers have agreed for a second time to push back the deadline for an indictment or probable cause hearing for the former investor , sources close to the case said Wednesday . The previous deadline of Wednesday -- which was itself a delay -- has now been moved back another 30 days . Madoff and the Securities and Exchange Commission already have agreed to a partial civil judgment against the disgraced investment manager , one that could eventually force him to pay fines and return investors ' money . Under the terms of the deal , Madoff will keep a previously reached agreement to freeze his assets and not to violate any other securities laws , but it does not require him to admit or deny any allegations . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Amy Sahba contributed to this report .	NEW : Ruth Madoff made withdrawals in November and December Money taken from Massachusetts company "  intertwined " with New York company Madoff faces one charge of securities fraud and could face up to 20 years in prison
Shanghai  CNN  -- China 's recent crackdown on corruption has netted a growing number of high-profile officials , often through campaigns that began with the posting of rumors and incriminating photos on social media . But those same campaigns are also exposing a seedier side of social media , which has become a tool for opportunistic reporters , bloggers , and crime syndicates to engage in vindictive rumor-mongering and even extortion . The opportunists and vigilantes alike have thrived by using the nation 's increasingly influential social media platforms -- most notably the Twitter-like Sina Weibo -- in the name of rooting out corruption under an austerity campaign by China 's new leaders . While many of the resulting smear campaigns are based on genuine corruption , some are also clearly motivated by personal gain . Such smear campaigns would have much more difficulty gaining traction in the West , where traditional media play a more effective watchdog role over issues like government corruption . But with China 's state-owned media often muzzled by local interests from reporting corruption , decentralized and privately-owned social media platforms are more effective . One of the earliest and most famous corruption scandals uncovered by netizens occurred in 2011 , involving a young woman named Guo Meimei who claimed to work for a Red Cross Society of China affiliate on her Sina Weibo account while posting photos of herself with luxury cars and designer goods . Her lavish lifestyle led to a public outcry over what appeared to be abuses of charity funding . Guo quickly apologized for her "  ignorant behavior " on her Sina Weibo account . The Red Cross also conducted its own investigation and found Guo had no connection to the organization . But other instances of mismanagement were later uncovered , and general skepticism toward charities seriously damaged the Red Cross ' reputation and ability to raise funds in China . Two years later , the organization 's reputation remains in tatters . Last week , the bribery trial of the "  sex-tape official " Lei Zhengfu opened . A former Chongqing city official , Lei 's downfall began last year with the online posting of a graphic video of him having sex with a mistress . The woman was later revealed to have colluded with a property developer to lure Lei into a "  honey trap " to extort him for money or favorable business contracts . Lei argued in court that the 3 million yuan  US$ 488,000  loan he helped the property developer secure should not be interpreted as a bribe . In more recent cases , incriminating photos led to the downfall of government officials for such transgressions as owning too many luxury watches and hosting overly lavish banquets at taxpayer expense . In many of these cases , the officials in question were already found guilty in the court of public opinion before any legal proceedings began , and anything they said in defense was largely ignored . In April , police in the central Chinese city of Zhengzhou reportedly broke up a crime ring of 80 people who posed as journalists and threatened to write negative stories about people who refused to pay hush money . Such extortion has become common even among genuine media . An acquaintance at a major Sino-U.S. joint venture recently complained to me that she was forced to buy advertising from a newspaper after a reporter threatened to write a negative story if she did not pay up . The government is aware of these growing problems of vindictive rumor-mongering and extortion and is trying to take steps to fix them . The official Xinhua news agency reported in May that six people were charged for secretly taping illicit sex videos of officials in Chongqing from 2008 to 2009 and trying to extort the officials afterward . The Communist Party 's official newspaper , People 's Daily , also ran an editorial last month saying that spurned mistresses may not be reliable whistle-blowers in corruption cases . In addition to prosecuting extortionists , the government has also taken steps to bring order to China 's unruly social media platforms , where scandalous messages can often go viral in a matter of hours . More than a year ago , the government announced a controversial new policy requiring all social media users to register with their real names . It said the move was designed to eliminate the cloak of anonymity enjoyed by rumor-mongerers , although many critics feared the policy was designed to limit free speech . Social media platforms themselves have also taken their own steps to make their users more accountable . Last year , Sina Weibo rolled out a user rating system whereby each user is rated on a scale of 10 , with 1 being the least reliable and 10 the most trustworthy . The posting and spreading of unfounded rumors lowers a user 's rating . The most obvious solution to these problems would be greater freedom for traditional media , which would relieve social media vigilantes of their unreliable role as government watchdogs . But in the absence of such liberalization , the Chinese government and private Internet operators will be forced to find new and innovative ways to ensure the quality of material posted on their sites .	Many corrupt officials in China exposed by vigilantes on social media But opportunists also using social media in extortion schemes against officials Young : Greater freedom for traditional media would relieve netizens of watchdog role
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed and 30 wounded in a double suicide bombing Thursday in northern Iraq , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Houses are left in ruins earlier this week after truck bombings in the northern Iraqi village of al-Khazna . Two suicide bombers with explosive vests carried out the attack at a cafe in Sinjar , a town west of Mosul . Later Thursday , two people were killed and 13 were wounded in a motorcycle bombing in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood of southern Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official said . In Sinjar , many townspeople are members of the Yazidi minority , an ancient religious sect that has been the target of previous attacks in Iraq . In August 2007 , More than 400 people died and at least 300 were injured when suicide truck bombers struck predominantly Yazidi villages , a series of attacks that rank among the deadliest in Iraq 's ongoing violence . The Yazidi sect is a mainly Kurdish minority , an ancient group that worships seven angels , in the form of peacocks , who its followers believe are subordinate to the supreme god who created the universe . Thursday 's attack is at least the second this week apparently targeting ethnic minorities in northern Iraq . On Monday , two truck bombs destroyed 32 homes , killing 30 people and burying others in the rubble , officials said . The bombs targeted al-Khazna village , which is inhabited by a Shiite Shabak ethnic group . The village is an area disputed between Kurds and Arabs . CNN 's Yousif Bassil in Baghdad contributed to this report .	At least 20 people killed and 30 wounded in double suicide blast west of Mosul , Iraq Many in town are part of Yazidi religious sect , mainly Kurdish minority Attack at least second this week appearing to target ethnic minorities in northern Iraq Thirty people killed earlier this week in village with Shiite Shabak ethnic group
CNN  -- Critics are already gushing over Steven Spielberg 's new "  Lincoln " as a potential Oscar contender . Much of the praise centers on how the film makes the larger-than-life president at once heroic and human . By all accounts , it deftly explores both his personal and political wisdom through scenes like the one in which Daniel Day Lewis , who plays Honest Abe , cites ancient mathematical theory in an assessment of humanity : "  It 's a self-evident truth that things that are equal to the same thing are equal to each other . " But even as moviegoers line up for tickets , some in Washington may well wonder what one special fan of Lincoln might take away from a screening . President Barack Obama is a self-professed , lifelong admirer of the 16th president , who is by many accounts the most popular and influential of all chief executives in American history . Holding Democratic ` blue wall ' was crucial for Obama victory Shortly before taking office in 2009 , the Obama family made an unannounced late night visit to the Lincoln Memorial and since , the 44th president has stopped by again . Mr. Obama took his oath on the same Bible Lincoln used for his inauguration in 1861 ; a small volume sheathed in stained red velvet with gilt edges . He has frequently been spotted reading about Lincoln and he 's fond of quoting the rail-splitter in his speeches , most notably during the recent Democratic National Convention . "  I 'm far more mindful of my own failings , " he told the convention crowd , "  knowing exactly what Lincoln meant when he said , ' I have been driven to my knees many times by the overwhelming conviction that I had no place else to go . ' " Some Lincolnophiles have since suggested he actually misquoted Lincoln in that instance , but the point remains : Obama is a big Lincoln fan . So what advice might Lincoln have for Obama as he heads toward a second term ? In the land of Lincoln , at Illinois Wesleyan University , Professor Robert Bray is one of the nation 's leading Lincoln scholars . He suggests that Lincoln Lesson One might be : Make your enemies into friends . Bray notes that Lincoln had an enormous talent for turning around even his fiercest opponents . "  He was able to keep his eye on the prize , " Bray says , "  which means he was able to disassociate himself from personal attacks . " No matter how cruelly his foes savaged him , Lincoln repeatedly rose above the fray , using humor and warmth to disarm his enemies and refocus everyone on the agenda at hand . Instances of his temper showing , Bray notes , were rare . Opinion : Election a call for purple politics Lincoln Lesson Two : Be firm , but play nice . Lincoln was no pushover . Despite his legendarily laconic style , Bray says Lincoln had a single-minded ability to steadily exert political pressure on others , inexorably pushing them toward the action he wanted , or rather he felt the nation needed . And yet , he did so in a way that left others feeling unthreatened . "  He could talk without anger , " Bray says . "  He could talk without heat to his political opponents . " Lincoln Lesson Three : Take the long view . Lincoln clearly saw the future in a way that many of his contemporaries could not . He imagined not merely the end of slavery , but also the repercussions that would follow for freed African Americans , southern citizens , and northerners as well . He knew resolution might take many years , and yet he tried to point the politics of the day in the proper direction . "  He believed firmly , I think , that if we put our heads to it and we put our wills to it , the American people could be that shining example of equality for the world , " Bray says . Bray is the first to say that there is so much more about Lincoln , noting the volumes of work about him . At Ford 's Theater , where Lincoln was assassinated , workers constructed a 34-foot tall tower of books to represent all the titles published about Lincoln ; more than 15,000 in all , according to their count . It is unlikely that Obama has read them all and it is not known when or if he 'll see the new Lincoln movie , but undoubtedly , Abe still has plenty of lessons for our times ... honestly .	New "  Lincoln " film offers opportunities , advice for Barack Obama Obama is avid admirer of the 16th president A professor offers three lessons for Obama from Lincoln
CNN  -- A manufacturer of a popular cholesterol-reducing medication has recalled more than 40 batches of the product after warning that they may contain small particles of glass . Ranbaxy Pharmaceuticals Inc. says it is calling back bottles of its 10 - , 20 - and 40-milligram tablets of atorvastatin calcium , the generic version of the widely prescribed anti-cholesterol drug Lipitor . A total of 41 lots of 90 - and 500-count bottles are subject to the recall , the company said . "  The recall is being conducted at the retail level for such select batches that may contain a foreign substance  small glass particles approximately less than 1mm in size  , " Ranbaxy 's U.S. subsidiary said in a statement on its website . "  Ranbaxy is proactively recalling the drug product lots out of an abundance of caution , and in keeping the safety of our customers in mind . " A full list of the recalled lots can be found at http://ranbaxyusa.com/images/a.pdf Ranbaxy said its action was taken "  with the full knowledge " of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which granted the company its approval to manufacture the drug at a plant in New Jersey in 2011 . India-based Ranbaxy came under fire from FDA officials over conditions at two Indian plants in 2006 and 2008 . That led to a January 2012 agreement with the Justice Department that cited the company for submitting false data to the FDA and barred the company from manufacturing drugs for the American market at those facilities until they could meet U.S. standards .	Drug maker Ranbaxy says it 's calling back 41 lots of the popular statin The company says some batches may contain small glass particles The drug , atorvastatin calcium , is the generic version of Lipitor Conditions at two of the company 's Indian plants led to a federal consent decree
London  CNN  -- Foreign Secretary William Hague announced plans Tuesday for the United Kingdom to reopen its embassy in Tehran , Iran , which has been closed since an attack by protesters in 2011 triggered a dramatic breakdown in relations . Hague 's announcement to Parliament follows a series of steps taken by both nations in recent months to improve ties . In a written statement to lawmakers , he said that , given the progress made , "  I have therefore now decided the circumstances are right to reopen our embassy in Tehran . "  There are a range of practical issues that we will need to resolve first . However it is our intention to reopen the Embassy in Tehran with a small initial presence as soon as these practical arrangements have been made . " Hague said his two chief concerns in making the decision had been whether UK Embassy staff would be safe and secure , and whether they would be able to work "  without hindrance . " He added , "  There has never been any doubt in my mind that we should have an embassy in Tehran if the circumstances allowed . Iran is an important country in a volatile region , and maintaining embassies around the world , even under difficult conditions , is a central pillar of the UK 's global diplomatic approach . " The assault by student protesters on the UK Embassy and a separate diplomatic compound in Tehran in November 2011 prompted outrage in the United Kingdom and led Britain to close the embassy 's doors and withdraw all its staff from Iran . Britain also closed the Iranian Embassy in London and ordered all Iranian diplomats to leave . The protest in Tehran was sparked by anger at UK sanctions imposed against Iranian institutions over Iran 's nuclear program . The embassy buildings should have been guarded by Iranian security officers . Since the election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani last year , there 's been a more positive tone to Iran 's interactions with the West . That relationship has taken on a new significance in light of the current crisis in Iraq , where Sunni militants have seized vast swaths of territory . Iran , a majority Shiite nation , is an ally of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shia-led government and has said it would provide help if asked . The United States , whose formal relations with Iran ended after the 1979 takeover of its embassy there , now faces the politically unpalatable option of cooperating with Tehran to stop gains by the militant group , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . The United States and Iran held "  very brief discussions " about Iraq and the threat posed by ISIS in Vienna , Austria , on Monday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Deputy Secretary of State William Burns is in Vienna for nuclear talks with Iran . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Elaine Ly contributed to this report .	Foreign Secretary William Hague : "  Iran is an important country in a volatile region " "  The circumstances are right to reopen our embassy in Tehran , " Hague tells lawmakers The embassy in Tehran was closed after an attack on the site by protesters in 2011 Britain also shut the Iranian Embassy in London and ordered all Iranian diplomats to leave
CNN  -- Hey Mars ! We 're back ! Hope you do n't mind if we cruise around in our scientific SUV to grab some historic data and snap some breathtaking images . Oh , and we might do some Martian doughnuts in your front yard . Now that the Mars rover Curiosity is safely parked , NASA 's unmanned planet crawler appears ready to roll . A car salesman would have a ball selling this beauty . It 's loaded with an array of sophisticated cameras , a "  rocker bogie " suspension , a robotic arm , 2 gigs of flash memory , a rock-vaporizing laser  !!!!  and a plutonium-fueled power system . It operates by remote control from millions of miles away and has a blazing top speed of 1.5 inches per second . Sticker price  including delivery  : $ 2.6 billion . During its expected lifespan of 23 months , all this cool hardware could help solve big mysteries : Has life ever existed on Mars ? What can Mars tell us about our own planet ? Can we benefit from Martian resources ? But there are less romantic questions swirling around the fourth rock from the sun : Is the price tag really worth it ? Who will pay for the first manned mission to Mars ? Could manned space missions be replaced by robotic exploration ? The answers may be hard to see amid all the rover revelry . And this is n't the first time rovers have churned up this kind of excitement . In 1997 , a smaller NASA robot on Mars -- Sojourner -- lit up the Web . "  Back when the Internet was young , it was the largest Internet event in the history of that medium , " Curiosity team member James Bell told CNN on Monday . The little rover found clues suggesting that Mars once had a thicker atmosphere and liquid water . Sojourner and its parent spacecraft Pathfinder cost $ 265 million  PDF  . "  Later , in 2004 , when the Spirit and Opportunity rovers landed , it became one of the largest worldwide Internet sensations , " said Bell , who also worked on that mission . "  It slammed NASA 's website . " The rovers scored several discoveries including evidence of an ancient wet environment on Mars . Price tag for Spirit and Opportunity : $ 800 million  PDF  . Nowadays -- at least for some space travel fans -- Martian robots are n't so cool anymore . Curiosity "  is just another box with wheels on Mars , " says CNN commenter It_could_always_be_worse . "  Develop useful technology -- not this shooting of boxes with wheels all over the place . SEND PEOPLE , and I will be proud . " CNN commenter Max Lewes disagrees . "  This really was a HUGE leap from previous missions . " Related story : Curiosity 's wild ride After the initial excitement of Monday 's landing , even the Curiosity team jokingly acknowledged the first dusty black and white photos from the rover have already lost their luster . "  It 's not such a great picture anymore , " a smiling Mike Watkins told reporters . He promised color and panorama photos in the coming days . Seriously , no matter how successful unmanned missions might be , robots will never replace the need for human space exploration , says Bell . In a sense , Curiosity is performing a scouting mission for a manned U.S. mission to Mars that President Barack Obama predicts will happen in his lifetime . NASA administrator Charles Bolden gets even more specific : Manned missions to Mars are at least 18 years away -- sometime in the 2030s . But first , mission planners need more information about the Martian surface so they can choose the best landing sites . "  We do n't want astronauts to be surprised , " says Bell . Robot missions , such as Surveyor , preceded the Apollo moon landings , and these Martian probes are performing similar tasks . Putting a monetary value on space exploration is impossible , experts say , because there are too many unanswered questions , such as whether Mars , the moon or asteroids hold precious minerals , water and cheap energy resources that could be mined and brought back to Earth . "  The reason to send humans will be because we have to , " Bell says . "  If some things can be done by robots , they should be done by robots . But sending a drill rig to Mars or Jupiter 's moon Europa to tap into an aquifer that may have living organisms in it -- those kinds of things will require people . " Then there 's the unknown value of newly discovered knowledge . Scientists want to know what Mars can tell us about our own planet 's climate and geology . That knowledge , experts say , could help solve difficult environmental problems on Earth . "  It 's human nature to explore , " says Bell . "  By going to difficult or dangerous places , we carry the rest of our species along with us . These stories become part of part of our culture , part of our heritage , part of our shared need to explore the worlds around us . it 's a human endeavor that is part science , part inspiration . " Related story : Earth loves Mars -- why we 're crushing on the red planet By the way , Curiosity has fostered jobs , says NASA ; more than 7,000 people have worked on the project across 31 states . What 's next ? NASA plans test flights for Orion -- a spacecraft designed to carry astronauts outside low Earth orbit -- as soon as 2014 . In 2017 , NASA plans to launch Orion with a new heavy-lift rocket NASA calls the Space Launch System . But big questions remain : How would NASA pay for development of a landing vehicle ? Or a vehicle for astronauts to travel on the Martian or lunar surface ? Or how would it develop an astronaut habitat suitable for the months it would take to travel to Mars or to asteroids ? NASA 's proposed budget for 2013 is $ 17.7 billion -- $ 59 million less than 2012  PDF  . It includes a "  lower cost program " for unmanned missions to Mars  PDF  . For perspective , the Mars rover 's $ 2.6 billion price tag equals about 14.7 % of NASA 's proposed 2013 budget . However , the budget also calls for more money for manned deep space programs , including almost $ 3 billion for Orion and the Space Launch System . In May , something happened right above our heads that gave us a glimpse into the future of Mars exploration . That 's when the private firm SpaceX successfully docked its Dragon spacecraft with the orbiting international space station . NASA is studying a proposal -- referred to as Red Dragon -- that would use a SpaceX rocket for less-expensive unmanned missions to Mars . But robot missions are just stepping stones to what many experts say is a foregone conclusion . "  Humans are going to live on Mars in the president 's expected lifetime , " says commercial space consultant Charles Miller , a former NASA executive . "  It will happen as a partnership between U.S. entrepreneurs and private industry and NASA . " Complete coverage of Mars So what do you think ? Are billion-dollar , planet-crawling robots worth the money ? Do you think astronauts will set foot on Mars within your lifetime ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Mars robot Curiosity "  just another box with wheels , " says commenter Expert : Manned Mars missions and Martian robots both important NASA will partner with private industry for manned missions , says consultant Obama , NASA predict manned Mars landing as soon as 18 years
American couple Matthew and Grace Huang fought the Qatari legal system for nearly two years over allegations that they starved their adopted daughter to death . Now cleared , they have begun their journey home to the United States . The Huangs left Qatar on a plane Wednesday afternoon , three days after an appellate court cleared them in the January 2013 death of their 8-year-old daughter , family spokesman Eric Volz said on Twitter . "  Thank you to all the silent heroes on this one . Wheels are up , " tweeted Volz , who works with the international crisis resource group David House Agency , which helped with the Huangs ' court case in Qatar . Volz , tweeting from the plane , also posted a picture of the couple aboard the aircraft . An appeals judge in Qatar on Sunday cleared the Huangs of starving their adopted daughter to death in 2013 in a case that drew global attention to that country 's justice system . Despite the ruling , the Huangs were blocked from leaving Qatar at Hamad International Airport by immigration officials who confiscated their passports , according to the Doha News agency , which cited Volz . Diplomatic sources said Monday the departure was delayed due only to legal procedures that take place once people have been cleared of a crime . On Tuesday , U.S. Ambassador to Qatar Dana Smith said a travel ban against the couple was lifted following a motion that was filed Monday , and after talks between Smith and top Qatari officials . The Huangs , who were living in Qatar while Matthew Huang worked for an international company that was constructing sites for the 2022 World Cup , were arrested in January 2013 when their 8-year-old daughter Gloria died . They were charged with starving her to death , convicted in March and sentenced to three years in prison . The Qatari prosecutor sought to paint the Huangs as inhumane -- alleging they bought their adopted daughter cheaply from her poverty-stricken parents in Africa -- and had threatened to seek human trafficking charges . The couple spent nearly a year in prison before being freed in November 2013 to await proceedings surrounding an appeal that they filed . Appellate Judge Abdulrahman al-Sharafi overturned the conviction on Sunday , citing weaknesses in forensic reports and saying the trial judge failed to properly consider testimony from witnesses who said Gloria was n't deprived . A report by pathologists hired by the defense , obtained by CNN , stated they found no evidence that tissue samples were taken from Gloria 's body after her death , despite that Qatari investigators submitted an autopsy report . Advocates for the Huangs suggested the lab report was fabricated and said their request with the Qatari judiciary for a formal investigation went unanswered . After the couple 's arrest , their two sons , also adopted from Africa , were temporarily placed in a Qatari orphanage . They have since been sent back to the United States to live with Grace Huang 's mother .	Family spokesman tweets photo of Matthew and Grace Huang on plane headed home Huangs leave Qatar after appellate court clears them in death of 8-year-old daughter There was delay in lifting travel ban that diplomatic sources blame on legal procedures Prosecutor alleged Huangs bought daughter cheaply in Africa , starved her to death
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday , his spokesman Tenzin Taklha told CNN Sunday . The Dalai Lama with French first lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy on a recent visit to France . The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours , but the Dalai Lama will not be admitted to the hospital , the spokesman said . The Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in the north Indian hill town of Dharamsala , will travel to the Indian capital on Monday . The 73-year-old Tibetan leader was hospitalized in Mumbai in August for abdominal discomfort . Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a routine medical examination at a hospital in the Indian capital on Tuesday .	Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama will undergo a medical exam this week Dalai Lama was recently admitted for tests after suffering abdominal discomfort The check-up in New Delhi is likely to take several hours
CNN  -- Shirley Chisholm , elected in 1968 as the first black woman in the U.S. Congress , once said : "  I 've always met more discrimination being a woman than being black . " The U.S. Senate gained one more woman this election in New Hampshire Senator-elect Jeanne Shaheen . Slightly more than three years after Chisholm 's death , Barack Obama will be sworn in as president , a huge step forward for African-Americans . But for women , progress this election year was defined by "  creeping and leaping , " said CNN contributor Hilary Rosen , the Washington editor-at-large for Huffingtonpost.com . Rosen favored Hillary Clinton , but she and other influential women pundits and activists note that Clinton and Gov. Sarah Palin 's loss at the polls does not diminish the strides they made for their gender . "  Women are about 54 percent of the vote , " Rosen said . "  Do we have equal representation ? No . Are we closer to it ? Yes . " In the House , 10 new congresswomen will join the 64 incumbents who were re-elected , according to Rutgers University 's Center for American Women and Politics , bringing the number of women in the 435-seat body to a record 74 . The 100-member U.S. Senate gained one woman , Democrat Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , who became the 17th female senator . And several women could be appointed to prominent roles in Obama 's administration . Shaheen will be New Hampshire 's first female senator . She won in a bitter battle against Republican incumbent John E. Sununu , tying him to the unpopular President Bush . "  It was an extraordinarily hard year for Republicans , " said Leslie Sanchez , a CNN contributor , Republican strategist and former adviser to President Bush . "  You did n't have to go much further than relying on how unhappy people are with the administration . " North Carolina elected Beverly Perdue , who becomes the state 's first woman governor . Perdue is the first pro-choice female governor of a Southern state since the late Ann Richards of Texas , according to Emily 's List , which raised $ 43 million in 2007-2008 to help develop the candidacies of Democratic women . "  This is the state of Jesse Helms ! " said New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a Democrat , referring to one of the most polarizing figures in American political history . Helms opposed civil rights and a holiday honoring the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. "  It 's always a big deal when a woman is elected to high office , but this was a significant shift , " Maloney said . Perdue and North Carolina Democrat Kay Hagan , who beat Republican U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Dole , are strongly pro-Obama and pro-public education . North Carolina Association of Educators mobilized a massive get-out-the-vote campaign for them . Perdue was the subject of a GOP ad that pictured Obama with his arms around her as his former pastor Jeremiah Wright 's incendiary sermons play in the background . In the closing days of the campaign , Dole ran an ad that insinuated Hagan was "  godless . " "  Women generally do n't react favorably to campaign smears and mudslinging , " said Kim Gandy , the president of the National Organization for Women . "  We elected the women who talked about issues that we care about -- child care , minimum wage , health care , equal pay . " Both Hagan and Perdue were overwhelmingly favored by women voters , according to exit polls . Perdue headed up a commission that spent money from a settlement with tobacco companies on health care . In the days before the election , Lilly Ledbetter appeared at a Hagan event . A jury awarded Ledbetter $ 3 million in damages when it found that Goodyear had discriminated against her by giving her smaller raises than male managers . By a 5-4 vote , the Supreme Court threw out that award and said the complaint had been filed too late . Obama supported the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act ; McCain said it was n't necessary . Democrats passed it in the House but Republicans blocked it in the Senate . "  Lilly Ledbetter has come to symbolize so much to women , " NOW 's Gandy said . "  That issue alone will change votes . " Among the women expected to play a key role in the Obama administration is Karen Kornbluh , who served as a policy adviser and was the principal author of the Democrats ' party platform . Kornbluh used to direct The Work and Family Program at the New America Foundation , served in the Clinton administration and was an adviser to Sen. John Kerry on the Senate Commerce Committee . She 's well-known in D.C. for her essays "  The Mommy Tax " and "  The Joy of Flex , " which addressed the needs of the "  juggler family , " or the household where two parents are working and no one is at home full-time . She argues for federal support for child care and after-school care , and control over flex-time for employees whose long hours usually come at the expense , emotionally and financially , of their families . "  In Washington , she is really considered Obama 's brain on so many policies , " said Steven Clemons , director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation and writer of the Washington Note blog . Read exclusive interview with Kornbluh "  Her ideas are fresh and applicable to real life , real Americans . " Clemons said . "  She 's been quoted all over Washington from Joseph Lieberman to John Edwards since the -LSB- presidential -RSB- race in ' 04 . " Also , Susan Rice is believed to be under consideration for national security adviser . She is Obama 's chief foreign policy adviser , a former assistant secretary of state for African Affairs and protégé of former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Valerie Jarrett has also been mentioned for White House postings and as a possible appointee to fill the Senate seat that Obama will vacate . She is the Obamas ' closest friend and has served as a political adviser . "  The consultants will drag you through the mud so Obama was brilliant in putting Valerie in that role , " Sanchez said . "  Her counsel was very grounding for him and she protected him as a candidate . "	Women 's progress in this election "  creeping and leaping , " analyst says 74 women will be in 435-member House ; 17 female senators out of 100 "  Do we have equal representation ? No . Are we closer to it ? Yes . " Obama may appoint women ; Hillary Clinton , Sarah Palin made strides
CNN  -- South Sudan , the world 's newest nation , turned one year old on Monday , but its anniversary comes amid high tensions with its northern neighbor and economic concerns . With its capital in Juba , South Sudan became independent last year following decades of civil war . Its arrival in the international community was celebrated at the time , but conflict with the Sudanese regime soon resumed . Border clashes have brought the countries to the brink of war and left South Sudan coping with a massive humanitarian crisis as people flee the fighting . The South Sudan state of Upper Nile has been flooded with refugees crossing the border from Sudan . In total , aid agencies estimate that at least 150,000 refugees from Sudan are currently in South Sudan . The humanitarian problems have coincided with economic woes . The South Sudanese government lost 98 percent of its revenue when it halted oil production amid a dispute over transportation and processing fees with Sudan . South Sudan obtained around 70 % of the formerly united country 's oil reserves when it became independent last year . But the countries have been unable to agree on how much the landlocked South should pay to use infrastructure that remains in Sudan . South Sudan shut down production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $ 815 million worth of its oil . Sudan said it confiscated the crude to make up for unpaid fees . The shutdown has sent the economies of both countries reeling , but South Sudan has been hit particularly hard by the loss of income from virtually its only export . The young nation has also wrestled with corruption in its first year . In May , South Sudan 's president wrote to more than 75 government officials and eight foreign governments in an attempt to recover $ 4 billion lost through corruption .	South Sudan became independent last year following a two-decade civil war Border clashes with its northern neighbor have put the region on edge The fighting has created a huge humanitarian crisis The South Sudanese government is also suffering from a lack of oil revenue
CNN  -- Country singer Randy Travis left a Texas hospital and entered a physical therapy facility , his publicist said Wednesday . The release and transfer came three weeks after Travis was admitted to The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano for treatment of congestive heart failure . He later suffered a stroke , which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure . "  Thanks to all the fans and friends for your continued prayers and support as Randy continues on the road to recovery , " his fiance Mary Davis said in a written statement Wednesday . Travis , 54 , was initially hospitalized July 7 at Baylor Medical Center at McKinney , Texas , with a presumptive cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure , according to publicist Kirt Webster . The singer transferred to The Heart Hospital the next day . Travis ' illness is related to his "  recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy , " one of his doctors said . Viral cardiomyopathy is a disorder where a virus attacks the muscles of the heart , causing the heart to beat slower , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's website . In some cases , the heart can stop , it said . Travis had a tough year in 2012 with arrests for assault and public intoxication , which earned him probation . Travis was at the forefront of the "  New Traditionalist " movement in the 1980s and 1990s , but he faded as the '90s wore on . He made a comeback after turning to gospel music in 1999 . His song "  Three Wooden Crosses " won song of the year in 2003 from both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music .	Travis entered a Texas hospital for treatment of congestive heart failure on July 7 He later suffered a stroke , which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure "  Randy continues on the road to recovery , " his fiance says
CNN  -- Conflict and hardship have long made Goma a difficult place to live in , but one woman has set out to change that -- and she 's using soft croissants and fresh coffee . When Vanessa Jados opened the "  Au Bon Pain " bakery in May , she brought something new to the residents of the town in the far east of the Democratic Republic of Congo . Six months on , she is showing no signs of shutting up shop . "  Goma is my home , " says Jados , 27 . "  I am very proud of Goma . It 's the most beautiful part of Democratic Republic of Congo , and people here need fresh bread just like people in Europe . " Nestled between a mountainous national park and a freshwater lake , Goma sounds like the ideal setting for a holiday and the perfect place for a bakery . But the determined entrepreneur has had to overcome electricity , supply and staffing problems to make her dream a reality . Goma 's troubles Born in Goma , Jados was sent by her parents to study in Belgium at the age of 12 . "  I had been to Belgium once before with my family , but that time it was just me and my two sisters , " she recalls . "  Leaving my parents behind was tough . " Jados was n't to return home for 11 years . During her absence , Goma felt the horrific effects of the 1994 genocide in neighboring Rwanda as refugees fled across the nearby border . By the end of the 1990s an armed rebel movement called RCD-Goma were running the town , and Human Rights Watch says the group forcibly recruited child soldiers to wage war in the politically unstable region where Uganda , Rwanda and the DRC meet . As the armed conflict rumbled on in January 2002 , molten lava spewed out of the nearby Mount Nyiragongo and quickly spread to the town . Approximately 400,000 people were forced to flee and a third of the city was destroyed by the flames . Goma 's residents began to rebuild the town after the natural disaster , but the M23 rebel group briefly occupied it in 2012 and waged war with Congolese armed forces . Human Rights Watch documented summary executions as well as numerous cases of violent sexual abuse . Business beginnings Returning to Goma at 23 , Jados saw a very different place to the town she had left . High quality food products were in short supply , as were clean water and electricity . The challenges did n't stop her from focusing on her goal of establishing the first high-end bakery in town . "  Two years before I opened the doors I started raising money , " she explains . "  I needed to get an oven and mixing machine from Italy . " Another essential ingredient she could n't find locally was a skilled baker , so she convinced a baker from the French town of Toulouse to move to Goma . "  Young people in Goma are n't well trained or educated , " she says . "  I want to help young people learn new skills so the baker is training a Congolese baker and a woman who makes cakes . " Jados continues : "  Congolose people are very nice and always smiling . Their current difficulties are n't as bad as they were during the war , so people are very happy . They really want to learn new skills and are very happy to learn from the French baker . " While she ca n't run her business without materials from abroad , like brown flour and chocolate , Jados uses local products where she can . "  I can find white flour in Goma , " she explains . "  And the butter I use comes from my family 's farm about an hour away . The butter is n't sold in shops , but they produce enough for the bakery . " Heavenly croissants Like the materials she uses , the customers Jados serves are a mixture of local and foreign . Having experienced such hardship , Goma has become a center for NGOs and charities in the region . The continued presence of expats has impacted the local economy and caused some price hikes for certain services like hotels and drivers . "  In the beginning , most of the customers were expats , " Jados recognizes . "  But more Congolese people are coming these days -- they like the fresh bread and the birthday cakes as well . " For an expat aid worker living in Goma , "  Au Bon Pain " is a "  godsend . " She says : "  It 's literally the only place in town to get good croissants , tasty sandwiches and genuinely good bread ... The only thing they need to improve is the slow service -- if they find a way to make it speedy and efficient , the place will be pretty much perfect . " But not all the issues the aid-workers have come to help resolve are fixed . "  It 's hard to set up something that 's got good foundations , " Jados says . "  It is difficult . There 's lots of tax which makes things expensive . The electricity always cuts out , so I had to buy a big generator which was expensive and -LSB- it -RSB- also uses fuel which is very expensive . Water is also a problem . " And if these issues were n't enough , as well as a full-time business owner , Jados is a full-time mum of two . "  I was pregnant when I was setting up the bakery , " she says . "  I now have a three month year old daughter , and I have to care for her too . " Despite her heavy workload , Jados is resolute that she 's doing the right thing . "  We can never be sure the war wo n't start again , " she says . "  We do n't know , but we must continue . We must do the schools , the hospitals , the restaurants . We have to keep a positive mindset and make sure Congolese people do n't go to Europe . Local people need to stay here and create a better Congo . " Read this : Swapping suits to launch ` Starbucks of Africa ' Read this : Lawyer finds success with baking biz More from African Start-Up	Vanessa Jados has established the "  Au Bon Pain " bakery in Goma , DRC The capital of North Kivu province has experienced war and destruction after a volcano erupted Difficulties with electricity , water and skills shortages make running the business challenging Jados says that Congolese people need to remain positive and build a better country
The Ebola news keeps pouring in . Two nurses who treated the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States are in isolation . A nursing assistant in Spain who contracted the disease has been declared free of the virus . Health officials have cleared many of the people who came in contact with Texas patient Thomas Eric Duncan after monitoring their temperatures for 21 days . As these facts and more are revealed , here 's what you need to know about the deadly virus and what 's being done to stop its spread : What are the symptoms of Ebola ? Symptoms include fever , severe headache , muscle pain , weakness , diarrhea , vomiting , internal bleeding and stomach pain . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the average time it takes for symptoms to appear after infection is eight to 10 days . With all these cases in the U.S. , should I be worried ? Ebola is difficult to catch . You would only be at risk if you came into close contact with the blood , saliva , sweat , feces , semen , vomit or soiled clothing of an Ebola patient , or if you had traveled to the impacted areas in West Africa and came into contact with someone who had Ebola . For example , as of midnight Sunday , 43 of the 48 people who had contact with Duncan while he was symptomatic were cleared by health officials ; they no longer have to endure twice-daily temperature checks after reaching the 21-day incubation mark . Officials said the others on the list will be cleared shortly if no symptoms appear . Why 21 days ? The CDC says it can take up to 21 days for symptoms of Ebola to appear , so someone can be infected with the virus and not yet know that he or she is sick . Health officials monitor potential patients for that long before declaring them safe . A blood test can only be positive for Ebola once symptoms appear . There is some controversy over this number . Charles Haas , who published a study last week on the topic , looked at past outbreaks and found there was a 12 % chance of people becoming symptomatic after the official 21-day period . "  I think  the incubation period  probably should be longer , " Haas told CNN . "  There needs to be more of a dialogue between the scientific and medical community and the policymakers on deciding what that appropriate level should be . " So what is the 42-day period I keep hearing about ? The World Health Organization declares countries free of Ebola transmission after 42 days . When a country believes it has an outbreak under control , it must show there are no new cases during that 42-day period . Basically , WHO doubles the 21-day incubation period of the virus to ensure no new infections are happening . Have any countries in West Africa stopped the Ebola virus ? Yes . WHO has declared both Senegal , which had one case , and Nigeria , 19 confirmed cases and one probable , free of Ebola virus transmission . Unfortunately , the number of cases in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone is still growing . The current outbreak is considered the largest in world history -- with more than 9,100 cases and 4,500 deaths due to Ebola . Are U.S. airports screening for Ebola patients ? Out of an abundance of caution , five of America 's biggest and busiest airports are going to do special screenings -- including taking the temperature of anyone who has come from an Ebola-affected country -- to keep the disease from spreading further in the United States . The CDC is going to monitor travelers for any sign of illness and will ask a series of questions about their exposure to Ebola patients . Travelers with symptoms will be isolated and those who are symptom-free will get information about how to watch for possible signs of the virus . Authorities at the UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports , as well as Eurostar railway terminals , also will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . How did this outbreak start ? It probably started with a 2-year old patient in a village in Guinea . The toddler died December 6 , 2013 , according to a report published in The New England Journal of Medicine . Scientists do n't know how the toddler got it , but the virus can spread from animals to humans through infected bodily fluids . It has been spread through infected chimps , gorillas , monkeys , fruit bats , porcupines and forest antelope , according to WHO . Is that why Spanish officials euthanized an Ebola patient 's dog ? Health officials in Madrid were concerned that the dog , Excalibur , might carry the virus because its owner -- a nurse 's aide who treated an Ebola patient in Spain -- was diagnosed with the disease . Despite a "  Save Excalibur " petition campaign , which was signed by about 400,000 people , the dog was put to sleep . Yet in Dallas , Nina Pham 's Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , Bentley , was simply put in quarantine , so there are alternatives to euthanization . Should I worry about my own dog ? Studies on a dog-to-human transmission of the virus are not conclusive . In the 2001-2002 outbreak in Gabon , scientists found signs of the virus in 25 % of the dogs living near the outbreak . The animals were not symptomatic , nor did they die during the time the scientists were studying them . "  The only conclusion that may be safely drawn from this study is that the animals encountered Ebola virus  and their immune systems responded  , " Margaret H. Gilbert , a clinical veterinarian and assistant professor of medicine at Tulane National Primate Research Center , wrote in an email to CNN . "  Whether or not dogs shed Ebola once their immune systems encounter it remains to be seen . " "  Asymptomatically infected dogs could be a potential source of human Ebola outbreaks , " scientists who studied the 2001 outbreak wrote . The CDC is working with the American Veterinary Medical Association and the U.S. Department of Agriculture to develop guidance for the U.S. pet population , but the CDC says the likelihood that U.S. pets will pass Ebola on to Americans is slim . What if I have a cat ? The Ebola virus has been found in other animals , but to date there have been no documented infections in cats . Is there a cure ? Not yet , but scientists are scrambling to find one . A drug called ZMapp was given to two Americans who contracted the disease in Liberia and were brought to Emory University in Atlanta for treatment in August . They recovered fully , and the medication seemed to play a role in that recovery , but there are no more doses of that drug . The U.S. Defense Threat Reduction Agency has provided funding to Mapp Biopharmaceutical so it can conduct more early-stage clinical trials on the drug right now . A drug called TKM-Ebola was used on another American patient who was treated in Nebraska , Dr. Richard Sacra . That drug , manufactured by Tekmira Pharmaceuticals , showed some promise , and the Food and Drug Administration gave it a fast-track designation to speed up the testing process . The biopharmaceutical company Chimerix got approval for the emergency use of its drug , Brincidofovir , for Duncan in Texas . He did not get the experimental medicine immediately . The National Institutes of Health also started human testing on a vaccine in September , and another vaccine developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada -- licensed to Iowa-based NewLink Genetics -- is about to start clinical trials . Complete Ebola coverage How many more people will get sick ? The CDC predicts as many as 550,000 to 1.4 million people could be infected with Ebola by January . That calculation was based on figures from September , before the United States sent additional help to West Africa . The CDC estimates that if 70 % of the people with Ebola are cared for properly , the epidemic could decrease and eventually end .	Two nurses who treated Thomas Eric Duncan are in isolation A nursing assistant in Spain has been declared free of the virus Health officials have cleared some of Duncan 's contacts
CNN  -- Great Britain 's rhythmic gymnastics team has won an appeal against a decision by its own federation to exclude them from the London 2012 Olympics . British Gymnastics ruled that the team had missed an agreed qualifying standard at the Olympic test event in North Greenwich area January . But the team appealed to independent arbitrator Sports Resolutions UK , who overturned the decision Monday . The British Olympic Association has now to inform the world governing body of gymnastics , the FIG , that Britain will be taking up the host nation spot . The argument between the rhythmic gymnastics squad and its federation centered on the target of 45.223 points . The British team fell agonizingly short of that mark in qualifying where it was intended to be met to mirror the Olympic experience . But in the final day of the test event , the team scored 47.200 and appealed the decision on that basis . Team captain Rachel Smith said they will now focus on making Britain "  proud " at the summer Games . "  We went into the competition thinking we could get the score on three days and we 're really sad that it happened but on the bright side it has raised the profile of the sport , " she told the Press Association . "  We want to prove to everyone that we do deserve to be there and to make the country proud . " British Gymnastics has accepted the appeal decision .	Great Britain 's rhythmic gymnastics team win crucial appeal Team can now compete in the 2012 London Olympics British Gymnastics had ruled they missed qualification target Independent arbitrator overturns that decision
The Frisky  -- There are plenty of reasons to be excited about the fall . We 've got pumpkins , colorful leaves , Halloween , and whatnot . But the hands-down best thing about fall is that this is the season when the "  good " movies come out . Summer and winter might drop the biggest blockbusters , but the autumn flicks carry a different kind of weight . Maybe because the world is shedding its summer skin and the natural drama of nature lends itself to more heady works ? Yeah , maybe not . Whatever the reason , there are some fantastic-looking movies coming out this fall . We are counting down the days until these 10 are released . The Frisky : 10 stars with bad body habits 1 . "  The Romantics " A group of friends who call themselves "  the romantics , " because of their tendency to have incestuous relationships , gathers to witness the union of two of their own . Laura  Katie Holmes  is the maid of honor to her friend Lila  Anna Paquin  , who is marrying the man they 've both loved , Tom  Josh Duhamel  . It 's Holmes ' first role in forever , so you know we 'll be there . Comes out September 10 . 2 . "  Never Let Me Go " Based on Kazuo Ishiguro 's bestselling novel of the same name , this movie follows three children , Ruth  Keira Knightley  , Kathy  Carey Mulligan  and Tommy , as they grow up in an English boarding school and come to terms with the love they feel for each other and the lives that await them . It does n't sound that interesting when summarized in a sentence , but trust me-the book is incredible . Hits theaters September 15 . The Frisky : 12 celebs who deny getting breast implants despite radical pics 3 . "  Easy A " I do n't think I could be more giddy about Emma Stone 's venture into Hester Prynne territory . This flick is based on "  The Scarlet Letter " - only the adultery scandal is staged . Why ? For money  for her  and popularity  for him  . Does n't this also sound like "  Ca n't Buy Me Love " ? Comes out September 17 . 4 . "  Howl " James Franco portrays Beat poet and counter-culture icon Allen Ginsberg during his public obscenity trial and leading up to his most well-known work , "  Howl . " I should n't even have to sell you on this one , since James Franco is the undeniably hot star . Begins showing in cinemas September 24 . The Frisky : 10 famous men who chose their mistresses over their wives 5 . "  The Social Network " This is the long-awaited tale of how Harvard undergrad and computer programming mastermind Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook and became the youngest billionaire in history . The story is wrought with drama , legal complications , and the looming question of what social networking has done to all of us in general . To which I say , "  Bad things . " Check it out October 1 . 6 . "  It 's Kind of a Funny Story " Craig Gilner  Keir Gilchrist  is a stressed-out 16-year-old who bikes to a mental health clinic one morning and checks himself in , hoping to stop the noise in his head . The youth ward is closed for the day , so he 's placed in the adult ward and an unhinged patient named Bobby  Zach Galifianakis  takes him under his wing . Craig falls for another displaced teen , Noelle  Emma Roberts  . Craig is stuck in the ward for the minimum five-days stay but accidentally finds what he needs . Cute . Out October 8 . The Frisky : See Kim Kardashian 's celebrity twin 7 . "  Nowhere Boy " Growing up in Liverpool and being fought over by his aunt and mother , John Lennon  Aaron Johnson  dreams of starting a rock band and finds a kindred spirit in a young Paul McCartney . You know how this one ends . Look for it on the big screen October 8 . 8 . "  Due Date " Peter Highman  Robert Downey Jr.  needs to get home in five days , in time for his wife 's due date . As he 's trying to catch a flight from Atlanta , he runs into aspiring actor Ethan Tremblay  Zach Galifianakis  who forces him to take a cross-country road trip with him . Hilarity ensues . It might just be "  The Hangover " with Robert Downey Jr. . But is n't that enough ? Rolling out November 5 . The Frisky : 6 celebrities who are hoarding 9 . "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 " In the first half of the final chapter of the Harry Potter series , Harry  Daniel Radcliffe  , Ron  Rupert Grint  and Hermione  Emma Watson  leave Hogwarts and go off on a quest to destroy the Horcruxes , which hold Voldemort 's power and immortality . In 3D , no less ! Comes out November 19 . 10 . "  Burlesque " Ali  Christina Aguilera  runs off to Los Angeles to become a star . She comes across The Burlesque Lounge and manages to eventually wow the un-wowable proprietor , Tess  Cher  , and show 's current star  Kristen Bell  . It might be a shame to admit , but I could n't care less about Aguilera and Cher . I just want to see Kristen Bell dance ! Hits theaters November 24 . Study says 1 in 4 in love with someone else TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  Due Date " might just be "  The Hangover " with Robert Downey Jr. . "  The Social Network " is the take of how Zuckerberg started Facebook James Franco portrays Beat poet and counter-culture icon Allen Ginsberg in "  Howl "
CNN  -- This is n't the first time critics have called New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie a bully . But now the man many consider a Republican presidential frontrunner is on the defensive , scrambling to distance himself from an erupting political scandal that threatens to tarnish his image well before the 2016 elections . E-mails that surfaced Wednesday suggest top Christie appointees orchestrated traffic jams on the George Washington Bridge as part of a political vendetta to punish a local mayor who would n't support him at the polls . Lane closures around approaches to the country 's busiest bridge snarled traffic for days in September in Fort Lee , New Jersey -- a problem the governor and his administration had originally blamed on a mishandled traffic study . In response to the e-mail firestorm , Christie said Wednesday that he was misled by staff . He called the conduct outrageous and said he knew nothing about it . "  This behavior is not representative of me or my administration in any way , " he said , "  and people will be held responsible for their actions . " Even if he had nothing to do with the traffic snarls , the allegations could have serious consequences for Christie , analysts said . "  There 's something about this that 's so petty and so vindictive and it feeds into this narrative that he 's a bully . ... He 's going to have to find some way to defuse this to prove he does n't run a shop like that , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , a former adviser to several U.S. presidents . It 's a defining moment for Christie , CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . And how he deals with the situation in the next two days -- from whether he fires anyone to what he says -- will be key . "  If he handles it decisively and then he sits down and calmly answers questions and does n't berate the reporters who ask them , then he has a chance to be a leader who dealt with a crisis and he moves on , " King said . "  But if that perception starts to stick in , that 's not a presidential temperament . And that 's bad for him nationally in his perspective . It 's bad for him as he starts his new term in New Jersey . And it 's bad for him with the audience he needs to care about most politically long-term at the moment , and that 's the Republican base that he wants to make him their nominee . " Does this mean Christie 's presidential ambitions are dashed ? "  Not necessarily , " Oxford University historian Timothy Stanley wrote in an opinion piece for CNN.com . "  He 's a resourceful politician and it 's still many months before campaigning starts in earnest . But now his opponents have a stick to beat him with . Best of all , it 's an anti-government stick . If Republicans stand for anything right now , it 's opposing the ability of government to mess with the individual 's life -- and here we have a classic example of politicians taking revenge on each other at the expense of the average citizen . " Political commentators from both sides of the aisle immediately recognized the potential for credibility questions , particularly around Christie 's explanations in recent months about the traffic jams in Fort Lee and previous comments rejecting suggestions of political mischief . "  He 's already cemented a narrative as something of a bully , " said S.E. Cupp , a Republican political strategist and CNN "  Crossfire " host . "  If this was happening in his administration , I do n't think it would shocking . " But , she said , if it "  turns out he 's lying about what he knew or whether he ordered it -- that 's going to be the worst , the most damaging . Because his authenticity is his calling card . " It 's important to ask how much Christie knew , Gergen said , but the reality might be more complicated . "  Sometimes the boss does not order something , " Gergen said , describing the Nixon White House during the Watergate scandal . "  I do n't know whether Nixon ordered Watergate , but I can guarantee you that people who carried out Watergate thought that 's what he would have wanted . There 's an environment in which you find yourself sometimes on staff when things do n't have to be said . You sort of know . " ` Time for some traffic problems ' The correspondence , subpoenaed by Democrats investigating the matter and spiced with tough Jersey political talk and expletives , is the most damaging evidence so far supporting their assertions the move was orchestrated because Fort Lee 's mayor , a Democrat , did n't endorse Christie 's re-election . Mayor Mark Sokolich said the traffic mess created serious hardships for commuters and other residents , and impacted public safety in his community . The exchanges began three weeks before access lanes to the bridge were closed , causing heavy traffic backups between September 9 and 13 , two months before Election Day . "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee , " Bridget Anne Kelly , Christie 's deputy chief of staff for legislative and intergovernmental affairs , said in an e-mail to David Wildstein , then the highest-level appointee representing the state at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the bridge connecting the two states . "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . In another message about school buses with students onboard caught in the traffic jams , Wildstein writes , "  they are the children of Buono voters , " apparently referring to Barbara Buono , Christie 's Democratic opponent in last November 's gubernatorial election . Those cited in the series of e-mails and text messages did not respond to requests for comment or to verify the communications . Wildstein , who has left his job , is expected to appear at a legislative hearing on Thursday . Read the e-mails Democratic New Jersey Assembly Deputy Speaker John Wisniewski said the e-mails call into question the integrity of the governor 's office . Christie , he said , "  has a lot of explaining to do . " "  I do not believe the governor called the Port Authority and said , ` Close some lanes . ' But I did say I hold him responsible for the atmosphere . Now finding that that atmosphere existed in his own office is what I find really troubling , " Wisniewski said . Christie 's name did not appear in the e-mails , he added . Emergency services disrupted Sokolich told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " the e-mails suggested that political motives behind the lane closures have led him to believe that Christie is more clued-in than he 's admitted . "  I 'm rooting that the highest elected official in the state of New Jersey is n't involved . But I 'm beginning to question my judgment , " Sokolich said . The mayor raised the issue of public safety being compromised . A letter by his emergency services coordinator , Paul Favia , on September 10 obtained by CNN cited "  new traffic patterns " around the bridge 's toll plaza that were backing up traffic in Fort Lee . "  This new traffic pattern is causing unnecessary delays for emergency services to arrive on scene for medical emergencies , " Favia said , citing one case in which paramedics rushing to aid an unconscious elderly woman suffering a heart attack were held up and had to meet the ambulance transporting the victim at the hospital instead of at the scene . She later died . Details surrounding the woman 's death have n't been released . But the situation could deepen Christie 's political woes , Gergen said . "  If a woman died here , " Gergen said , "  he 's in deep , deep trouble . " Other documents raise questions , too Controversy tarnishes Christie 's image -- opinion Democrats swarm Christie is now campaigning for fellow GOP governors as chairman of the Republican Governors Association and is seen as prime political target for national Democrats . They rarely attacked him during his re-election campaign but are now becoming more aggressive with the bridge controversy unfolding . "  These revelations are troubling for any public official , but they also indicate what we 've come to expect from Governor Christie - when people oppose him , he exacts retribution . When people question him , he belittles and snidely jokes . And when anyone dares to look into his administration , he bullies and attacks , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the Democratic National Committee chair , in a statement . A source close to Christie said "  there will probably be some sacrificial firing and that 'll be it . " CNN 's John Crawley , Jake Tapper , Paul Steinhauser , Alan Silverleib , Stephanie Kotuby , and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	NEW : Gergen : "  It feeds into this narrative that he 's a bully " NEW : King : "  If that perception starts to stick in , that 's not a presidential temperament " Top aides to Gov. Chris Christie communicate about lane closures to George Washington Bridge Christie says he knew nothing about what transpired ; mayor says e-mails raise credibility questions
CNN  -- If Monday 's inauguration displayed the gushing , ceremonial aspect of American democracy , Wednesday revealed its more sober and confrontational side -- a Senate committee hearing . The hearing was Secretary of State Hillary Clinton vs. the Republicans on the painful subject of Benghazi , Libya . After a lot of anger from the senators and a surprising amount of emotion from Clinton , the final score was a draw . But some Republicans did better than others , and Clinton probably emerges with a healthier reputation than the administration that she 's leaving . Moreover , the debate throws up some tantalizing "  what ifs " about 2016 . Is America ready for Hillary Clinton vs. Rand Paul ? To take Clinton first , it 's remarkable how much her role as secretary of state has transformed her . Five things we learned from the Benghazi hearings To conservatives , she was once the Lady Macbeth of liberalism ; the feminist power behind Bill Clinton 's throne whose every utterance seemed calculated to upset the right . Her book "  It Takes a Village " was greeted like a manifesto of anti-American collectivism -- so much so that Rick Santorum felt compelled to pen a response called "  It Takes a Family . " But secretaries of state often find themselves elevated from partisan politics in to the heavenly realm of "  national interest "  think Henry Kissinger or Colin Powell  , and therein Clinton has redefined herself as a competent and admirable public servant . Consider John McCain 's first words at the Senate hearing : "  We thank you for your outstanding and dedicated service to this nation and ... all over the world where I travel , you are viewed with admiration and respect . " Given her extraordinary hard work and efforts to advance the rights of women and children , she has certainly earned that respect . It 's found in ample supply at home , too . According to Gallup , the former controversialist is now America 's "  most admired woman . " But even if Clinton did get through the hearing with her reputation intact , that does n't mean that Benghazi does n't leave scars on the administration . The critical -- and most electric -- round of questioning was started by Sen. Ron Johnson , R-Wisconsin . He demanded to know why Clinton did n't try to find out what was really happening on the ground sooner and why the administration persisted so long in refusing to label the Benghazi incident a "  terrorist attack . " Opinion : Benghazi blame-game is useless Clinton 's defense was similar to Obama 's during the presidential election : something went wrong , we did n't want to interfere with ground operations and it took a long time to gather the intelligence to know what really happened . But Clinton lost her cool and summed up that position in a breathtakingly callous phrase : "  What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator . " All the difference in the world , I would imagine , to the relatives of the personnel who died . This rare loss of composure perhaps underlines the weakness of the administration 's case . The White House seems to think -- as John Hayward at the Conservative website Human Events puts it bluntly -- "  the game ends when they say the magic phrase ' I take responsibility , ' and they win . " But it does not . Part of "  learning " from the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi is admitting the basic errors that were made and providing the public with a clearer narrative of what really happened . But all we have at the moment are a catalog of errors that make up a very confusing story . It 's obvious that the political situation in Libya is not more stable since Moammar Gadhafi was removed from office  just ask any Algerian  , that insufficient security was provided at the consulate , that the administration fumbled its explanation of what occurred on September 11 , 2012 , that the rescue operation was delayed and that the CIA had some shadowy role to play in the whole mess . Clinton 's assurance that "  I do feel responsible " is not reason enough to stop asking these questions and just move on . Who then made the best case for the prosecution from the Republican side ? Given that Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida was participating , it felt at moments like an audition for 2016 -- and Rubio 's staff put the video of his questions up on his website with remarkable speed . Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa But the most impressive performance by far was from Rand Paul . He delivered a cool , withering statement that climaxed in this devastating paragraph  and you have to watch it to get the full effect  : "  I 'm glad that you 're accepting responsibility . I think ultimately with your leaving that you accept the culpability for the worst tragedy since 9/11 . And I really mean that . Had I been president and found you did not read the cables from Benghazi and from Ambassador  Christopher  Stevens , I would have relieved you of your post . I think it 's inexcusable . " This performance might be -- and should be -- remembered well by the Republican base when the primary campaign of 2016 starts . Ever since the last president election , Rand Paul has n't set a foot wrong . From his bridge-building visit to Israel to his opposition to the fiscal cliff deal , he seems well placed to become the tea party candidate . And what an unusually satisfying choice Clinton vs. Paul would be . It would be a genuine contest between big government liberalism and small government conservatism : Clinton 's internationalism and support for welfare programs vs. Paul 's anti-interventionism and opposition to pork . The question of who could win such an unusual contest is difficult to answer . The Paul family has a tradition of winning votes from Democrats , but Clinton 's new respectability could also pull votes away from the Republicans . One Kentucky poll found that in a head-to-head contest , she 'd even beat Rand in his home state of Kentucky . It would be a campaign that any elections scholar would relish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Benghazi hearing with Secretary Clinton was emotional , confrontational He says her strong reputation likely intact , but administration still must answer for incident He says Rand Paul 's blunt critique pointed up administration 's obfuscation Stanley : Paul vs. Clinton in 2016 is a compelling idea ; could hearing be a harbinger ?
CNN  -- Diplomats attending the U.N. General Assembly used the spotlight and worked the sidelines in an attempt to make headway toward resolving the Syrian crisis as a graphic video emerged Friday that underscored the consequences of failure to do so . "  What has the international community done to stop this carnage ? " asked Turkey 's foreign minister , Ahmet Davutoglu . "  Literally nothing . We have yet to see a single effective action to save innocent lives . " The inability of the Security Council to act , he said , "  encourages the Syrian nation to kill even more people . " Turkey is providing shelter for 90,000 Syrian refugees , but the rest of the world needs to do its share , Davutoglu said . "  Our inability to act becomes a tool in the hands of despots and destructive regimes to demolish the cities , towns and villages , massacre civilians and make a mockery of the civilized world and the United Nations . " German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle also slammed the U.N. Security Council for failing to end the violence . World leaders working for robust action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime have hit a brick wall at the Security Council after Russia and China blocked tough resolutions . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Moscow supports the right of people to determine their own destiny and to decide how they want to be governed . "  We believe it is particularly important to carry out those transformations in a nonviolent way and without outside interference , " he said . He accused those who insist on a cease-fire only by the Syrian government with encouraging the opposition . "  In doing so , they push Syria even deeper into the abyss of bloody internecine strife , " he said . "  Russia resolutely condemns any violence , wherever it comes from , and is convinced that there is still an opportunity to undertake collective actions , " he added . But Westerwelle told the assembly that the "  deadlock " in the body "  must not continue . " "  To this very day , the Security Council has failed to live up to its responsibility for people in Syria , " he said . The U.N. peace initiative this year , led by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan , failed . But Westerwelle supported the efforts of his successor , Lakhdar Brahimi . "  Despite the escalating violence and despite the deadlock in the Security Council , we must not stop working on a political solution , " the German diplomat said . The Security Council 's failures to take tough action has led dozens of Western and Arab nations -- including the United States , Australia , Canada and Turkey -- to form an initiative called the Friends of Syria . The group comprises dozens of countries working for regime change . In addition to hosting a meeting of the group on Friday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced $ 30 million for humanitarian aid and $ 15 million to unarmed opposition groups . Here are the latest developments in the Syrian crisis . Chemical weapons moved in Syria The Syrian government has moved chemical weapons at various sites for security reasons , the U.S. defense secretary said Friday . There has been "  limited movement " at Syria 's major chemical storage sites , Leon Panetta said in response to questions from CNN 's Barbara Starr . But U.S. officials have said they believe that the stashes remain secured by the Syrian military . Panetta added that the United States and other countries are monitoring the sites . "  We are working with countries in the region to ensure that we have the best information possible with regards to the sites and how they are being secured , " he said . Violence flares in Aleppo , Damascus As world leaders huddled at the United Nations , shelling and gunfire rang out Friday in Syria 's largest city . Government forces clashed with opposition fighters in Aleppo hours after the launch of a "  decisive battle " to expel regime soldiers , opposition activists said . At least 166 people were killed Friday , including 57 in Aleppo , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . A YouTube video said to have been shot in Aleppo and distributed by the LCC showed a boy laying on a table . His left arm had been severed at the elbow ; his intestines protruded through a massive wound in his stomach ; the flesh on his left leg above the knee had been torn away . He did not speak . Only the movement of his eyes revealed that he was still alive . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the video . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said two children were among four civilians killed by an "  armed terrorist group " firing mortar shells in Aleppo . The government also said it "  inflicted heavy losses " when its soldiers confronted "  terrorists " conducting other attacks . SANA did n't provide a death toll . The regime has consistently described opposition fighters as terrorists . Elsewhere , 43 people died in Damascus and its suburbs and 19 in Deir Ezzor . Others were killed in Idlib , Daraa , Hama , Homs and Raqqa . U.N. panel on Syria gets thumbs up The U.N. Human Rights Council voted Friday to extend the mandate of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria , the entity tasked with investigating human rights abuses during the civil war . The vote -- which was held in Geneva , Switzerland -- was overwhelming , with 41 in favor . China , Russia and Cuba opposed the move . India , the Philippines and Uganda abstained . The council asked U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  to provide additional resources , including staffing " to the commission . It also renewed its request for Syrian authorities "  to cooperate fully with the Commission of Inquiry , including by granting it immediate , full and unfettered access throughout Syria . " The council also condemned a May massacre in Houla , near Homs . It said government forces and its militia allies "  were found by the Commission of Inquiry to be the perpetrators of outrageous and heinous crimes . " Laura Dupuy Lasserre , president of the Human Rights Council , announced her two appointments to the commission : Carla del Ponte , the former prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , and Vitit Muntarbhorn , who served the council previously as a special rapporteur . Background The Syrian conflict broke out in March 2011 after unarmed protesters , inspired by the success of popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , took to the streets demanding political reform and an end to four decades of rule by the Assad family . The movement devolved into an armed conflict after a brutal and continuing crackdown by regime forces . Since the unrest began , more than 30,000 people have been killed , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Hamdi Alkhshali , Faith Karimi and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	World has done "  literally nothing " to stop carnage , says Turkish official U.N. extends mandate of Commission of Inquiry Chemical weapons moved for security reasons , U.S. defense secretary says Clinton announces $ 45 million in aid to the opposition
The Libyan government on Sunday declared a three-day national mourning period after the country 's first suicide bombing since the fall of the Gadhafi regime more than two years ago . At least 13 people were killed in the attack on a checkpoint leading to the eastern gates of Libya 's second city , Benghazi , early Sunday , the government said . Most of those killed were soldiers and members of the security forces , the government said . At least two others were still missing in the aftermath of what has been described as a powerful blast . A security official told the state news agency LANA that a suicide bomber rammed his vehicle into the Barsis checkpoint -- about 50 kilometers  30 miles  east of Benghazi -- killing and wounding security forces and civilians who were in the area . The security situation in Benghazi has been worsening over recent months with a noticeable uptick in bombings and assassinations that have mostly targeted members of the security forces . While no one has claimed responsibility for these attacks , many residents blame the violence on Islamist militants in the eastern region , and some of these groups have ties to al Qaeda . People in Benghazi and the eastern city of Derna , angered by the increasing bloodshed , have recently taken to the streets protesting against extremist groups . One group many have accused of being responsible for attacks on the security forces is Ansar al-Sharia , the same group the United States believes attacked its consulate in Benghazi last year , killing U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Ansar al-Sharia has denied involvement in the attack on the consulate and other acts of violence targeting security forces . Last month fierce fighting erupted in Benghazi between soldiers from the army 's special forces , who have been trying to secure the city , and members of Ansar al-Sharia . At least nine people were killed in the rare confrontation between security forces and militants . The weak central government has been struggling to secure the country , especially the city of Benghazi where militants have attacked diplomatic missions forcing western countries to shut down their consulates . The United States , the United Kingdom and other countries advise their nationals against traveling to Benghazi . Earlier this month , an American teacher in the city was shot dead while jogging . No one has claimed responsibility for his killing . As locals and security forces began confronting militants , analysts monitoring the violence trends in Benghazi have been concerned about an escalation in violence and shift in tactics used by these groups . "  This cowardly act is an attempt to obstruct the strenuous efforts made by members of the national army , with the Thunderbolt  special  forces at the forefront , to establish security and preserve the life of citizens in Benghazi , " the government said in its statement . Widow of American teacher forgives attackers who killed her husband in Libya	Three days of mourning to mark first suicide attack since Gadhafi regime 's fall Most of the dead were soldiers and members of security forces , government says No one has claimed responsibility ; residents have protested rising Islamist violence
CNN  -- President Barack Obama urged the disputed leader of Ivory Coast to step down to prevent more violence as the nation grapples with postelection clashes that have left hundreds dead . "  Last year 's election was free and fair , and President Alassane Ouattara is the democratically elected leader of the nation , " Obama said in a video message late Friday . The west African nation has been embroiled in a political stalemate since incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down after November elections . Election officials and the international community consider Ouattara the rightful winner of the poll . Obama warned that if Gbagbo does not step down , it will lead to "  more violence , more innocent civilians being wounded and killed , and more diplomatic and economic isolation . " Postelection clashes have left at least 462 dead since December , according to the United Nations . Escalated violence and fears of war have forced nearly 1 million residents to flee the commercial capital , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday , with scores more uprooted across the country . "  The massive displacement in Abidjan and elsewhere is being fueled by fears of all-out war , " said Melissa Fleming , a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Clashes have raged since late last year , and analysts fear the country is on the brink of a civil war . The nation was once one of Africa 's success stories , but a 2002 civil war plunged it into political instability . "  You have a proud past from gaining your independence to overcoming civil war , now you have the opportunity to realize your future , " Obama said . Ivorians deserve leaders who can restore their rightful place in the world , the president said . Obama 's message comes after the U.N. Security Council discussed a draft resolution introduced by France and Nigeria on a weapons ban in Abidjan . It also calls for sanctions against Gbagbo and his inner circle . Numerous attempts to resolve the political stalemate have failed because Gbagbo has refused to cede power , said Gerard Araud , the French ambassador to the United Nations . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	U.S. recognizes Alassane Ouattara as leader , Obama says The president urges incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo to cede power Gbagbo risks more isolation if he does not step down , Obama says
CNN  -- The Ohio State University Marching Band , known for entertaining fans at sporting events with hypnotic formations choreographed to music , was also known among university insiders for a culture that facilitated sexual harassment , according to an investigative report . Marching band director Jonathan Waters was fired Thursday after the report 's release , Ohio State University President Michael Drake said . Waters ' lawyer said his client was a "  convenient scapegoat " who tried to change a sexual climate that predated his tenure as director . Waters had known for years about the "  sexualized " environment surrounding the band , in which members had to swear an oath of secrecy to protect its "  objectionable traditions and customs , " according to an investigation report released by the Office of University Compliance and Integrity . He failed to eliminate and prevent the recurrence of this climate , the report said . A parent of a marching band member alerted the office to the problem , the report said . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our students , " Drake said . "  We expect every member of our community to live up to a common standard of decency and mutual respect and to adhere to university policies . " The report described traditions such as the "  midnight ramp , " in which band members entered the stadium through a ramp wearing only their underwear . Staff members , including Waters , were present for the annual event , the report alleges . Nicknames , many sexually explicit , were given to new members each year by upperclassmen as well as a "  trick , " an act often simulating sexually explicit acts that usually corresponded with the nickname . These tricks were to be performed by members "  on command or at their own volition , " the report said . When Waters was asked by investigators about the offensive nicknames , he said "  50 % " were probably "  questionable , " according to the report . After being told that sexual nicknames were not appropriate , investigators asked Waters why he tolerated the practice . He responded , "  good point , " the report alleges . The tricks , however , were not performed in front of staff , according to several witnesses interviewed in the report . New band members also took part in "  rookie introductions , " where they stood at the front of a bus en route to games and answered sexual questions or told dirty jokes before walking to the back of the bus "  while other students attempted to remove articles of clothing , " the report said . Waters ' lawyer , David Axelrod , said his client was named acting director in February 2013 but that the objectionable acts laid out in the report started many years before . Waters had previously served in other staff positions and was a sousaphone player in the band as a student from 1995 to 1999 , the report said . The marching band , which calls itself "  the best damn band in the land , " consists of 225 members and garnered international attention in 2013 for its halftime show tribute to Michael Jackson , which has over 10 million views on YouTube . "  During his time as director he did everything he could to stop this , " Axelrod said . The university has appointed former Ohio Attorney General Betty Montgomery to lead an independent task force to further investigate and ensure steps are taken to change the band culture , Drake said . It is unclear what steps Waters will take next , Axelrod said . "  In one way or another Jon is going to fight to restore his name . Jon was Ohio State . He bleeds scarlet and gray , " Axelrod said . "  He wo n't let his beloved alma mater take away his good name . " Read the university 's statement on the Ohio State Marching Band culture 2013 : FAMU 's "  Marching 100 " returns from suspension for hazing death 55 colleges under investigation over handling of sexual violence complaints	The Ohio State Marching Band facilitated a culture of "  sexual harassment , " a report says The university president fired band director Jonathan Waters , a former band member Waters ' lawyer said his client tried to change a sexual climate that predated his tenure
CNN  It 's a thriller that reads like a script from one of those Scandinavian dramas that have entranced global television audiences in recent years . A 16-year-old Norwegian soccer sensation -- Martin Odegaard -- is set for superstardom after being headhunted by Spanish giants Real Madrid . Much is expected of Odegaard , with pretty much every European elite football club rumored to have expressed an interest in securing his signature . But will Odegaard 's tale have a happy ending ? Spanish giants Real Madrid are hoping so after swooping in for the kill . "  It 's an honor and a dream come true , " Odegaard told the Real website as he was unveiled by the Spanish club alongside one of the Real greats Emilio Butragueno , who labeled the Norwegian as "  an extraordinary talent . " "  The reason I chose Real Madrid is because this team has the best conditions , both in sporting terms to develop as a player , and off the field to develop as a person , " added Odegaard . While his tender age means he will initially enter Real Madrid 's B team -- coached by French great Zinedine Zidane -- it might not be too long before he 's wowing the crowd at the Spanish club 's Bernabeu stadium . "  Plan : Debut this season , " trumpeted Norway 's largest daily newspaper VG 's headline . Odegaard 's success in Norway has snowballed quickly , with the Nordic nation gripped by his meteoric rise . "  Norway is hit by a serious , serious Odegaard-fever , " Norwegian News Agency 's Espen Hartvig told CNN . "  I would say that in general for the moment it is a kind of pride that little Norway and little Drammen  Odegaard 's home city  has produced a football talent like this . " The fresh-faced forward , who has spent his entire career to date with Stromsgodset , debuted for Norway last year , becoming the youngest player to appear in a European Championship qualifier aged just 15 years and 300 days old . "  My goal is to become the best player possible , " said Odegaard . "  It is n't important if I play in the first or second team . "  It 's a major advantage having a second team of a really high level and with a coach who was one of the best players in the world , and it was also important in my decision , " added the Norwegian teenager , referring to Zidane . Only time will tell -- and Odegaard has a lot of it on his side .	16-year-old Martin Odegaard has been snapped up by Real Madrid Odegaard "  fever " spreads across Norway with hopes pinned on the youngster 's success "  It 's a dream come true " says Odegaard at the press conference on Thursday
CNN  -- What kind of politician is slashed in the face with a knife , and upon waking up in hospital the first thing they ask about is the election campaign ? Answer : Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's first female president , and a woman who has experienced her fair share of violence while working -- and growing up -- in government . Park was left with an 11 centimeter wound across her cheek after she was attacked by a man at a political rally in 2006 . Her apparently businesslike response after waking from surgery -- "  How is Daejeon ? " -- referring to the party 's campaign in that city , earned her the nickname "  Queen of Elections . " The moniker finally held true in December 2012 , when Park was elected president of a country which has n't had a female ruler in over 1000 years -- not since Queen Jinseong in the 9th century . This is a place with one of the highest levels of gender inequality in the world -- rated 111 worst out of 135 nations , by the World Economic Forum . Indeed , if you 're a working woman , South Korea is the worst developed country on the planet to live in , according to the Economist 's Glass-ceiling Index . All of which makes Park 's position particularly remarkable . But then , perhaps it 's no surprise the 62-year-old should pursue the country 's top job , given her upbringing . Her father was military hardman Park Chung-hee , president of South Korea from 1961 to his death in 1979 -- when his own intelligence chief shot him over dinner . The murder came five years after his wife , and Park Geun-hye 's mother , was also killed by an assassin who had been targeting her husband . And so at the age of 22 , Park Geun-hye was forced to take on the role of first lady , accompanying her father to official events and even welcoming U.S. President Jimmy Carter and wife Rosalynn to the country in 1979 . Almost two decades later , Park , who holds a degree electronic engineering , entered politics of her own accord , and is known for her straight-talking style . She is said to be an intensely private woman who has never married and mostly dines alone . The nation is her family , she likes to say . With North Korea on her doorstep -- a country which the U.N. recently denounced for human rights abuses "  comparable to Nazi-era atrocities " -- there is now even greater international focus on Park 's leadership . She spoke to CNN 's Leading Women about her vision for the fourth-largest economy in Asia , and the personal tragedies which forced her into the public spotlight from an early age . "  I believe the very fact that I was elected as the first female president of the Republic of Korea is testament to the dynamism of Korean society . I feel an even greater sense of responsibility as president . I also feel that we can look forward to greater opportunities that enable women to fully tap into their potential and live out their dreams , given the dynamism of our society and the way the entire world is headed . " "  This is a time when we see fathers , especially young fathers , who would be more than willing to play their part in raising children and who are so willing to help their wives . We see many young fathers who would find great reward , pleasure , and joy in raising their children . " "  I can say my greatest mentor is the citizens of this country . " "  When I was a child I longed to become a teacher and after I got into college I had hoped to be able to contribute to the industrialization of my country by being involved in for instance in research in science and technology . And that is why I subsequently chose my major in electronic engineering in college . " "  With the sudden passing of my mother , heavy responsibilities and duties of the first lady were suddenly forced upon me . It was indeed an arduous task for me but I would say that my experience during those years continue to be very helpful to me even to this date . " "  After both of my parents passed away I lived a very normal life but then came the Asian economic crisis that buffeted South Korea in the late 1990s . I was shocked to see what was transpiring in the country and I could n't just sit idly back knowing how much it took to build up this country and to see this country being engulfed in crisis and to see our people suffer so much . That 's why I decided to take up politics . " Watch : South Korea 's president talks economy See : Park Geun-Hye on North Korea Learn : South Korea 's hopes for new president	Meet Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's first female president Daughter of former president flung into spotlight after parents assassinated Elected in a country with one of the world 's highest levels of gender inequality Shares a border with aggressive North Korea
CNN  -- When Black Caviar lines up at Morphetville , Adelaide , on Sunday in front of an anticipated crowd of 30,000 , the Australian wonder horse will carry the weight not only of jockey Luke Nolen but the expectations of an entire nation . The superstar mare will be bidding for her 20th win from 20 races . If she succeeds , she will have gone one better than the great Zenyatta , who faltered at the 20th attempt . Black Caviar has already overhauled the marks of such racing legends as Eclipse  undefeated in 18 races  and Nearco  14  . Indeed , one has to go all the way back to Kincsem , a 19th century Hungarian racehorse , to find a more impressive streak  although her barely creditable record of 54 wins and no defeats seems safe for the time being  . The Black Caviar phenomenon has gripped a sports-mad Australian public . Of the capacity crowd expected to turn out on Sunday , a good proportion will be wearing her trademark salmon and black silks . The appetite for all things Black Caviar is so great that the state government has arranged free public transport for all those heading to the track . She will face only a small number of rivals on Sunday . Such is the aura of invincibility surrounding Black Caviar , she typically races against just a handful of other runners . She is currently being quoted by some bookmakers at odds of 1-20  and no , that 's not a misprint  for the Group 1 clash , ahead of last year 's Goodwood winner Lone Rock at 14-1 . But despite having beaten the best Australian racehorses of her generation -- including Hay List and Foxwedge , both classy runners in their own right -- Black Caviar remains unproven on the global stage . That is set to change , however . In June , Black Caviar will get the chance to test herself against the best in the world when she travels to England for the Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot . For Australians , Black Caviar 's English endeavor is something of a national cause . But if she has little left to prove to an adoring public back home , a question mark remains over Black Caviar 's claims to greatness on the world stage , and that question mark comes in the not-insubstantial shape of a four-year-old bay colt called Frankel . The only horse in the world with a higher rating than Black Caviar , the inevitable clamor for a showdown between the two best horses in the world is likely to reach deafening pitch should Black Caviar win again on Sunday . A match race seems unlikely since the two horses prefer to race over different distances : sprints of 1,000 -1,200 meters for Black Caviar ; the mile and upwards for Frankel . That has n't prevented billionaire owner Sheikh Fahad al Thani from sponsoring a Â # 1 million purse should the two horses line up for the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Gooodwood in August . It would mean a step up in trip for Black Caviar to the mile , over undulating ground that is likely to favor the defending champion Frankel with his huge , all-devouring stride . But with 20 million Australians backing her every furlong of the way , you would n't bet against her . Comparing champions : Black Caviar vs. Zenyatta The similarities between the two great race mares are evident . Both horses are huge  Black Caviar stands at 16.2 HH while Zenyatta stood at a carthorse-like 17.2 HH  , and their hulking frames meant they were each only lightly raced in their early years  larger horses usually take longer to develop  . Zenyatta became a racing -- and sporting -- phenomenon in America , finishing runner-up twice in the Associated Press 's Female Athlete of the Year award  once to Serena Williams and once to Lindsay Vonn  . Black Caviar 's following in Australia is so huge that Channel 7 interrupted the Australian Open tennis semifinal between Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray to televise one of her races . Zenyatta was named after the album "  Zenyatta Mondatta " by British band the Police , who were signed to the record label of her owner , Jerry Moss . Black Caviar was named by one of her owners , Pam Hawkes , who has a taste for the delicacy . It also refers back to the mare 's grandmother , Scandanavia .	Superstar mare Black Caviar will make history if she wins at Morphetville The Australian horse is bidding for her 20th win from 20 races If successful , she will beat American thoroughbred Zenyatta Sports-mad Australian crowd will be backing homegrown champion
New York  CNN  -- If "  Spider-Man : Turn Off the Dark " can rise above devastating reviews and headline-grabbing injuries , much of the credit will go to director Philip William McKinley . McKinley was hired four months ago to salvage the troubled show , which officially opens Tuesday evening . "  Well , they say I 'm either the bravest or stupidest man in New York , " McKinley said . As stuntmen flew overhead before an afternoon matinee preview , McKinley says he took the job in large part because of the commitment of the show 's team . "  From what the cast had gone through , I knew they had the dedication , the creativity , the formidability to do it . And that meant a great deal to me , " he said . McKinley , a Broadway veteran , has the creative experience for the job . When "  Spider-Man 2.0 , " the nickname for the retooled version , opens , it will have gone through millions of dollars in development costs , six delayed openings and a record-setting 180 preview performances . The original concept for "  Spider-Man " was the vision of Julie Taymor , the Tony Award-winning director of the stage version of The Lion King . She was pushed aside by producers in March , although she reportedly retains some involvement in the show . Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge , who wrote the show 's music and lyrics , stayed on and added several new songs while rewriting a few others . Also added to the revamped show are an additional five flying sequences and expanded roles for Aunt May , Uncle Ben and love-interest Mary Jane Watson . But despite the changes , many fear the worst for the show financially . Foxwoods Theatre is one of the largest on Broadway . If "  Spider-Man " is going to be successful , the show will have to fill the seats in the house for years to come . "  The weekly running costs just to pay the actors , the stagehands and all that stuff is $ 1.3 million , " said NY Post Theater Critic Michael Riedel . "  Now the show is grossing , according to Variety , over a million dollars a week . But that 's just breaking even . They have n't even begun to chip away at the $ 80 million production costs . " Still , McKinley says audiences seem to love the show . And from the very first preview since the big revamp , the cast has been pumped , he said . "  The magical moment was when the curtain went down , the cast completely lost all their composure , began jumping up and down , began high-fiving each other like at a baseball game or a football game , " he said . "  They were just cheering . " "  The song in the show , ` Rise Above , ' that 's kind of become our motto and kind of become the anthem . "	Getting the production to opening night has cost an estimated $ 80 million Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge They have added several new songs , while rewriting a few others The show must gross more than $ 1 million a week to meet costs
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Ronnie Lee Gardner , who is set to die next week before Utah 's firing squad , said something Thursday he did n't plan to : He supports capital punishment . But , Gardner told the five-member Utah Board of Pardons and Parole , he thinks the death penalty needs to be "  as fair as you can get it . " Testifying at his commutation hearing , Gardner said he accepts responsibility for killing two men and seriously wounding a third . But , he added , executing him on June 18 would not be fair because he 's never had the chance to present evidence in court that might have swayed jurors from a death sentence . Gardner choked up as he said he has n't been able to apologize to the families of his victims , saying they do n't want to hear from him . He did not take that opportunity to apologize to the family members who were in the audience at the hearing . "  It makes me sad , " he said , wiping his eyes . "  I know killing me is going to hurt them just as bad , " he said . "  I 've been on the other side of the gun . I know . " Now 49 , Gardner is scheduled to be executed June 18 by firing squad for the murder of attorney Michael Burdell during an escape attempt at a Salt Lake City courthouse . Gardner , who had a long history of violence and escape , was at the courthouse on April 2 , 1985 , for a pretrial hearing in the 1984 slaying of Melvyn Otterstrom . He was killed at the Salt Lake City bar where he was working to earn extra money . An acquaintance handed Gardner a gun at the courthouse ; he fatally shot Burdell , who was there for another case , and shot and wounded bailiff Nick Kirk . Friends and relatives of his victims were split Thursday on whether Gardner deserves to die . "  Michael would not have wanted Ronnie Lee killed , " Donna Nu , Burdell 's fiancée , tearfully testified . "  I 'm asking to honor his wishes and commute the sentence to life without parole . " But Craig Watson , Otterstrom 's cousin , called for Gardner 's execution . He testified that Otterstrom died while Gardner was robbing the Cheers bar , walking away with less than $ 100 . Gardner fired a gun in Otterstrom 's face and "  blew his head off , " Watson said . "  In our minds , he did it just for fun . " Kirk 's daughter , Tami Stewart , sobbed as she recalled how her father 's shooting resulted in years of pain and five surgeries for him , and left him unable to go fishing and camping -- activities they previously had enjoyed as a family . "  That was the day that ruined my life , " her father , who died in 1995 , said of the day he was shot , Stewart testified . Otterstrom 's son said he does n't know what sentence his father 's killer should receive . "  I 've been told stories of how much my dad loved me , how he was a wonderful father , " said Jason Otterstrom , who was 3 when his father was killed . "  I will never know . I will never know him . " Otterstrom said he is torn about whether to support the death penalty or life in prison without parole for Gardner . Whatever decision is made , he said , it should be permanent . "  Our families need peace . Our families deserve the opportunity to place this action in the past . " Closing arguments are set for Friday in the hearing , and the board will deliver its decision on Monday . Gardner 's attorney , Andrew Parnes , pointed out that jurors in the Burdell murder trial were not given the option of deciding to sentence him to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Parnes said it was suggested during the trial that if jurors did n't sentence Gardner to death , he might one day be released . Gardner pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in Otterstrom 's death and the Burdell jury was not told of the judge 's recommendation in that case that he never be freed from prison , Parnes said . Jurors also did not hear about Gardner 's childhood , marked by poverty , neglect and abuse ; his use of inhalants beginning at about age 6 ; and his being institutionalized in a mental hospital at age 10 or 11 . Craig Haney , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California , Santa Cruz , said he has studied many death-row prisoners , nearly all of whom have had disadvantaged childhoods . "  I can tell you that Mr. Gardner 's life stands among the very worst , " he testified . Gardner 's mother asked to be sterilized after his birth , he said , telling hospital personnel she could not care for the children she already had . In 1963 , Gardner , then 2 , was found wandering in the street , clad only in a diaper . The record of neglect "  never wavered and it never varied " throughout Gardner 's childhood , Haney said . While social workers and others made frequent notes of the situation , no one appears to have done anything to rectify it . His placement in the mental hospital at age 10 or 11 came not because of mental illness , Haney said . Instead , it stemmed from a need to keep Gardner away from his family and , authorities noted , introduce him to a "  normal " way of life . Doctors at the hospital noted that Gardner was already addicted to sniffing glue and paint , which could have caused brain damage , Haney said . The account painted a picture of a little boy who felt stupid , unloved and with no place in the world . But it did not move ValDean Kirk , bailiff Nick Kirk 's widow , who plans to witness Gardner 's execution . While many people have bad childhoods , she said afterward , they overcome it . "  He just wants to get out , " she said of Gardner . While he may have had disadvantages , she said , "  He knew right and wrong . That 's all you need to know . " Gardner testified that he realizes he will spend the rest of his life in prison if he is not executed . "  I have changed , " he said , noting that he -- once a "  nasty little bugger " -- has had no discipline problems in prison in the last five years and only minor incidents in the last decade . "  It was just time to grow up and accept what I 've done , " he said . Nu told reporters she was never angry about the murder of the man she planned to marry . "  Michael ... believed in life . He did n't believe that when you die , it 's over , " she said . Nu is a member of Summum , a Salt Lake City-based religious movement , as was Burdell . Belief blog : What is Summum ? Gardner 's execution , she added , is not going to bring peace to the victims ' families . "  Closure does n't come from the outside , " she said . "  It comes from the inside . "	Condemned killer Ronnie Lee Gardner testifies at commutation hearing He is schedule to be executed by firing squad on June 18 Family members of victims differ on support of the death penalty Utah Board of Pardons and Parole will announce its decision on Monday
CNN  -- Mexican migration to the United States may have stalled , as a new study shows , but the political and social debates over immigrants living in the United States are n't going anywhere , experts say . The immigration debate is reflected in a number of policies and proposals , most recognizably state immigration laws that are being challenged . Oral arguments are scheduled at the Supreme Court on Wednesday as the justices decide whether Arizona can enforce its controversial immigration law . A bill in Mississippi that would require police to check the immigration status of all those arrested died in the state Senate this month . Amid the backdrop of contentious debates comes a study this week from the Pew Hispanic Center , which finds that for the first time in decades , the flow of Mexican migrants to and from the United States balances out . The effect may be even more pronounced . According to the report , "  the trend lines ... suggest that return flow to Mexico probably exceeded the inflow from Mexico during the past year or two . " "  The largest wave of immigration in history from a single country to the United States has come to a standstill , " the report announces . The report 's findings were n't a surprise to several Mexican immigrants in Los Angeles , who said they 've seen the political and economic situation shift dramatically in recent years . "  It is n't like it was before . The laws have changed . The work is very hard . Life is very expensive , " said Norma Ibarra . "  It 's not the United States it was 30 years ago . " Alba Roche said her nieces in Mexico want to come to the United States , but ca n't . "  They have n't been able to come because of the situation , because there is not enough work , and more than anything because crossing is quite dangerous , so there are many obstacles , " she said . Those who study immigration trends and policy agree that the apparent standstill in immigration is significant , but to varying degrees they say it will do little to change attitudes and actions in the United States . Jeffrey Passel , senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center and one of the report 's authors , said that as Mexican families have fewer children , the number of potential immigrants is shrinking . Also , the Mexican economy is improving and providing jobs that before were n't available and provided a push to look for opportunities in the United States . "  It 's likely impossible that we 'll get back to the level of immigration that we saw 10 years ago . It 's possible that the flows may pick up , but I do n't think they will get anywhere near where they were in 2000 , " Passel said . "  People have been talking about the return flow for a couple of years , but it just was n't showing up in the data , and now we 're beginning to see it , " he added . But the forces that pull immigrants to the United States and push them from Mexico have not disappeared . "  It 's a little premature to say that part of history is over , " said Tamar Jacoby , president and CEO of ImmigrationWorks USA , a federation of small-business owners in favor of immigration reform . There are a number of factors that may have affected the recent trend : better enforcement in the United States , demographic changes in Mexico and the economic downturn in the United States . "  We have three different reasons , and we do n't know how important each one of these reasons is , " she said . As those factors shift -- for example , as the U.S. economy improves -- the demand for immigrant workers in the United States will rise , she said . An improving situation in Mexico could result in fewer Mexicans migrating to the United States , but people from Central American countries could fill that void . Even if not as large as before , a future demand for immigrants in the United States will mean a continuation of the debates of today . The news produced in the Pew Hispanic report may relieve some people 's anxieties , but for many illegal immigration critics , the real problem is n't the immigrants arriving today but the cumulative effects of immigrants who have arrived illegally over the past 30 years , Jacoby said . Mark Krikorian , executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , said there is no question that immigration from Mexico has slowed , but it does n't mean nobody is coming . "  The claim that this is a permanent development is premature , " said Krikorian , whose center favors a restrictive approach to immigration policy . "  When our economy picks up , what happens then ? " he asked . Krikorian said he sees the pause in Mexican migration as an opportunity to build up enforcement against future illegal immigration . "  The conclusion I draw from this is that we have breathing space to put enforcement measures in place that we will need when these pressures mount again , " he said . CNN 's Jacqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's not the United States it was 30 years ago , " one immigrant says A new study says net flows from Mexico into the United States have stopped Better conditions in Mexico mean less desire to emigrate to the United States But future demand means the controversial debates will continue
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Monday his $ 447 billion jobs plan is a common-sense approach needed right away , but House Republican leaders said they opposed Obama 's intention to pay for it by ending tax relief for corporations and the wealthy . In a message accompanying the legislation he sent to Congress on Monday afternoon , Obama said his proposal "  is fully paid for . " "  The legislation includes specific offsets to close corporate tax loopholes and asks the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share that more than cover the cost of the jobs measures , " Obama 's message said . In addition , he said , the package increases the target figure of a special joint congressional committee working on deficit reduction by the amount his plan would cost . If the committee reaches the higher target in deficit-reduction measures , then the offsets in his legislation that cover the cost of the plan would be unnecessary and therefore eliminated . However , House Speaker John Boehner 's spokesman said the White House 's proposal on how to pay for the measure was unacceptable . "  It would be fair to say this tax increase on job creators is the kind of proposal both parties have opposed in the past , " Michael Steel said in a written statement . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor echoed that stance , telling reporters : "  I sure hope that the president is not suggesting that we pay for his proposals with a massive tax increase at the end of 2012 on the job creators that we 're actually counting on to reduce unemployment . " The Obama plan is part of the president 's effort to resurrect a comprehensive deficit reduction deal with Republicans that would include reforms of the tax code and entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid to accompany government spending cuts . With $ 900 billion in spending cuts already enacted , the special joint deficit committee created under last month 's debt ceiling agreement has started work on finding another $ 1.5 trillion in deficit reduction steps that Congress can pass by the end of the year . In the meantime , Obama is pushing his jobs plan as a package of immediate steps that can spur economic growth and job creation . "  This is a bill that will put people back to work all across the country , " Obama told a crowd of teachers , veterans , small-business owners and others at the White House . "  This is a bill that will help our economy in a moment of national crisis . This is a bill that is based on ideas from both Democrats and Republicans , and this is the bill that Congress needs to pass . " With his poll numbers down as his campaign for re-election next year is beginning , Obama noted that "  there are some in Washington who would rather settle our differences through politics and the elections than try to resolve them now . " But the "  fact of the matter is the next election is 14 months away -- the American people do n't have the luxury of waiting 14 months for Congress to take action , " the president said . Obama made his pitch in the Rose Garden hours before sending the legislation to Capitol Hill , where it received a polite but mixed reception . Boehner , R-Ohio , released a statement immediately after Obama 's remarks , promising prompt consideration of the proposal . At the same time , however , Boehner took a swipe at the 2009 economic stimulus plan backed by the administration . "  The record of the economic proposals enacted during the last Congress necessitates careful examination of the president 's latest plan as well as consideration of alternative measures that may more effectively support private-sector job creation , " Boehner said . "  It is my hope that we will be able to work together to put in place the best ideas of both parties and help put Americans back to work . " Obama has been touting the virtue of his plan on the road , stopping in Virginia last Friday and heading to Ohio and North Carolina later this week . Among other things , Obama 's plan would extend and expand the current payroll tax cut -- a proposal estimated to reduce revenues by $ 240 billion . The current cut , which has cost $ 112 billion so far , allows employees to pay 4.2 % instead of 6.2 % on their first $ 106,800 of wages into Social Security . Obama wants to continue the break -- now set to expire at the end of the year -- while reducing employee contributions further , to 3.1 % . At the same time , the president wants to halve the payroll tax that businesses pay -- to 3.1 % -- on the first $ 5 million in wages . Obama 's proposal also includes a new $ 49 billion extension of unemployment benefits , which were lengthened to the current 99-week maximum in 2009 . Top Democrats argue that that money would immediately be pumped back into the economy in the form of new consumer spending . Nearly 43 % of America 's unemployed have now been out of work for more than six months . In addition , the plan proposes $ 60 billion for infrastructure development such as repairing roads and bridges , including the establishment of an infrastructure bank to help finance such projects . It is unclear whether the American Jobs Act -- consisting largely of targeted tax cuts , infrastructure spending and new job training assistance -- can win over enough skeptical congressional Republicans , particularly in light of Obama 's falling approval ratings and the looming presidential campaign . Cantor , R-Virginia , made clear he opposed new infrastructure spending and some other aspects of the Obama plan . "  Anything that is akin to the stimulus bill is not going to be acceptable to the American people , " Cantor said , arguing that the 2009 stimulus that aimed money at boosting public sector jobs did n't work . Instead , the GOP wants to target aid to small businesses , he said . "  The fact is we do n't have the money and we 've got to prioritize , and right now it 's about getting people back to work , " Cantor said . Cantor cited tax credits for employers , reforming aid for the jobless , and passage of the three pending trade deals as areas of possible bipartisan agreement . While he agreed that infrastructure projects were worthy of focus , he said Congress should not be adding new money , but instead streamlining the process for getting current resources to state and local governments . "  I do not think the president 's all-or-nothing approach is something that is constructive , " Cantor said , adding , "  let 's not allow the things his bill that we disagree with to get in the way of producing some results . " Other provisions in the president 's proposal include $ 25 billion to refurbish schools , $ 35 billion to avoid layoffs among teachers and first responders , and tax incentives for small businesses to hire the long-term unemployed . Under the Obama plan , businesses could receive a tax credit of up to $ 4,000 for hiring workers who have been out of a job for more than six months . To pay for the bill , new limits would be set on tax exemptions and itemized deductions for families making more than $ 250,000 annually . So-called "  carried interest " for investment fund managers would be taxed as ordinary income , as opposed to the lower capital gains rate . Additionally , a series of oil and gas industry tax loopholes would be closed , and depreciation rules would be changed for corporate jet owners . The total value of the changes , according to White House Office of Management and Budget Director Jack Lew , would be $ 467 billion -- approximately $ 20 billion more than the total cost of the plan . The special congressional deficit committee has until November 23 to approve more than $ 1.5 trillion in new deficit reduction steps , and Congress would then have to pass the plan -- unamended -- by December 23 . If that does n't happen , more than $ 1 trillion in automatic across-the-board spending cuts would go into effect , including funding for the military , under a so-called trigger mechanism intended to motivate legislators to reach a deal . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Rebecca Stewart and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Boehner rejects ending both corporate tax breaks and tax cuts for the wealthy NEW : Obama says the deficit reduction committee also can decide how to pay House Speaker Boehner promises the House will consider the president 's plan Obama calls his job creation plan a "  common-sense " blueprint threatened by politics
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If Manchester United and Liverpool fans are expecting the arrival of superstar players ahead of the new season then they had better think again , as the cost of refinancing debt could significantly curb the club 's spending power according to industry experts . Liverpool co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks took over the club in February 2007 Financial prudence will be the watchword for the majority of the English Premier League in the transfer market as clubs look to consolidate their financial position in a move that could see a shift of power in Europe to Spain 's La Liga . United have received $ 130 million for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid , but the Glazer family owners will not sanction anywhere near that amount for new players according to Professor Rogan Taylor at the University of Liverpool 's Football Industry Group . The Americans ' takeover of the Red Devils placed the club in $ 1,100 m of debt , according to the holding companies ' accounts of 2009 ; a situation that requires careful management . "  The refinancing at Manchester United is structured in a very complex way but ultimately the economic difficulties now mean that there will be a reduction in Alex Ferguson 's transfer budget , " he told CNN . "  Although some of the funds from the Ronaldo transfer will go back into the club 's coffers there will be a tightening of the purse strings which will seriously impact on United 's capacity to go after the top players . "  Certainly , Ferguson would have wanted a top-class replacement for Ronaldo but with the need to keep the debt in order and -- being unable to compete with Real Madrid and Manchester City -- the funds available and the pool of players from which they can sign is a lot smaller . " Liverpool 's situation is even more acute as American co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , through their company Kop Holdings , struggle to secure the finances to fund the club 's proposed new stadium . A deal to refinance their $ 570m Royal Bank of Scotland loan appears to have been secured , but the long-term sustainability of the idea used to purchase Liverpool is serious under question . Will Liverpool and Manchester United splash the cash in the transfer market despite the financial problems ? Who would you like to see them sign ? Let us know your comments in the ` Sound off ' box below . Professor Taylor added : "  The whole model on which Hicks and Gillett bought Liverpool is flawed and Rafael Benitez may have to sell Javier Mascherano or Xabi Alonso before he can go out and spend during the close season . "  Even then there is no certainty he will get the whole amount from the sale of either of those players back in the transfer kitty so it promises to be a difficult period for Liverpool as obviously expectation has been raised following last season 's second-place finish . "  The need to refinance the debt remains key to the American owners remaining in control of the club so that will be their priority -- at the expense of matters on the pitch . " Jon Keen deputy chairman of the Football Supporters Federation , and an expert in the field of club governance and ownership , admitted the situation at both clubs will stir up further resentment among fans towards their owners . "  The current refinancing situation in the top-flight is like a financial house cards which could come crashing down at any time , " he told CNN . "  We have already seen a situation unravel with the banking system which has angered a lot of people and something similar could well happen with football in the near future . "  Ultimately fans want to see money raised from sales of players either put back into the transfer pot or levied against their own costs of attending matches , not simply servicing huge amounts of debt as is the case with Manchester United and Liverpool at the moment . "  There needs to be a reality check about the way these clubs are operating . Certainly , I think the current economic climate will drastically reduce the spending power of clubs in the Premier League with the exception perhaps of Manchester City . " Of course , this contrasts with Spain 's Real Madrid who have recently splashed almost $ 300m on Ronaldo , Kaka and Karim Benzema -- and are not finished yet if president Florentino Perez is to be believed . The construction magnate and his powerful board are able to wield influence with banks and allow Real to secure credit on favorable terms which , combined with a lucrative domestic television rights deal , puts them in a stronger financial position . Ultimately this appears to have precipitated a shift away from the English Premier League to La Liga for the world 's best players as Spain becomes the preferred destination of choice . Whether Real can convert this into a challenge to the recent English domination of the UEFA Champions League on the pitch remains to be seen .	Refinancing has left Manchester United and Liverpool short of transfer funds An new era of Premier League prudence reigns according to finance experts Real Madrid have spent $ 300 million on Ronaldo , Kaka and Benezma Spanish clubs present serious challenge to English domination in Europe
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- An American held by Colombian rebels for more than three months will be released "  imminently , " U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said Saturday after meeting in Cuba with rebel leaders . FARC guerrillas captured U.S Army veteran Kevin Scott Sutay on June 20 while he was traveling in Colombia . Jackson said FARC invited him to Havana , where the group has been holding peace talks with the Colombian government since last October . "  It 's a humanitarian gesture of their own volition , demanding nothing in return , " Jackson said at a news conference in the Cuban capital . "  I consider it as a gesture to reinforce the peace negotiation . " FARC guerrillas said in a statement Saturday they had previously offered to free Sutay but that "  the Colombian government did not provide the minimum necessary conditions we need for this procedure . " There was no immediate comment from the U.S. State Department . Colombian officials previously said they feared FARC would use Sutay 's release to garner media coverage . Jackson said he hopes the Red Cross in Colombia will provide a helicopter to remove Sutay from the remote area of the country where he is being held and that the Colombian government will designate the area a cease-fire zone during his release . Despite the 10-month old peace talks , the Colombian government has resisted calls for a cease-fire with guerrillas , saying the rebels have used previous cease-fires to strengthen their forces . Sutay served in the U.S. Army from November 2009 to March 2013 . He served in Afghanistan for a year starting in November 2010 , according to the U.S. Defense Department . He is from Willow Spring , North Carolina , and won a number of awards , including an Army Commendation Medal and a National Defense Service Medal . The Pentagon lists his rank as private . Despite Sutay 's military background , Jackson said the Army veteran had peaceful motives for visiting Colombia . "  The fact is , he is a tourist , " Jackson said . FARC , whose name in Spanish is the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , began fighting the government in the 1960s , making it Latin America 's oldest guerrilla force . There have been sporadic peace talks between the rebels and the government since the 1980s . The last attempt failed in 2002 . CNN 's Jessica King and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Jackson says the release would be a ` humanitarian gesture of their own volition " U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson says he 's helping to facilitate the release Kevin Scott Sutay was captured by FARC rebels in June He is a U.S. Army veteran who served in Afghanistan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In sport , being the best is not just about the having the greatest players . Here are five teams that have gone from zeroes to heroes , and in the process left their mark on sporting history . 1 . The European Ryder Cup team The 1980 U.S. hockey team 's ` Miracle on Ice ' against the Soviet Union . Europe 's Ryder Cup team has become renowned for upsetting the form book , frequently triumphing against higher ranked American opposition . Since European players were first allowed to join the British and Irish team for the famous golf tournament  to improve the level of competition  in 1979 , the U.S. has won six times ; Europe seven ; and the teams have tied once . The slight edge enjoyed by Europe , however , belies the lowly status of their players in world golf . For the last tournament two years ago in Ireland , for example , the Americans boasted 68.4 world-ranking points and the top three players , including world number one , Tiger Woods . Compare this with just 47.8 ranking points for the Europeans . Even so Europe went on to achieve a record third consecutive win . The key to this success has been the camaraderie and teamwork exhibited by the Europeans . Their players have consistently rallied around their position as underdog , managing to achieve a level of togetherness made all the more surprising since the team is made up of a collection of nationalities that are better known for falling out with each other . 2 . The 1980 U.S. Olympic ice hockey team A famous victory against a seemingly invincible Soviet Union side propelled this team of college players and amateurs to the level of national heroes . Although the U.S. team went on to win the gold medal by defeating Finland at the Winter Olympics , it was the earlier match against the Soviets that captured the popular imagination . Classed as amateurs , the Soviet players were essentially professional , and were provided with different job titles by the communist government to allow them to compete . Many of their players were considered legends of world ice hockey at the time . The U.S. team coached by Herb Brooks was , by contrast , genuinely amateur and came into the tournament in Lake Placid , New York , as rank outsiders . Their youthfulness and tenacity combined with patriotic home support saw them upset predictions , defeating the Soviets 4-3 in a match that became known as the "  Miracle on Ice . " The win over their Cold War enemies seized the imagination of the U.S. public -- it inspired two films and was voted the greatest sporting moment of the 20th century by Sports Illustrated . Dave Ogrean , former executive director of USA Hockey , called the victory "  the most transcending moment in the history of our sport in this country . " 3 . The ` Crazy Gang ' defeat Liverpool in the FA Cup Nobody expected lowly Wimbledon Football Club to do anything other than turn up when they played Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium . Dubbed the ` Crazy Gang ' by British media because of the eccentric antics of their players and staff , who included future film actor Vinnie Jones , the team was outclassed on every front . At the time Liverpool were the dominant force in English football , having won the league title that year for the seventh time in a decade . Managed by former player Kenny Dalglish and boasting a host of stars , the team was expected to cruise past Wimbledon , who had little resources and were considered something of a joke . Under the chairmanship of Lebanese businessman Samir "  Sam " Hammam , Wimbledon earned a reputation for bizarre behaviour , with players setting fire to new signings football kits , and Hammam once offering to buy a camel for the team 's striker if he scored 20 goals in a season . The practical jokes helped to foster an extraordinarily strong team spirit , however , which saw them topple Liverpool 1-0 , with Wimbledon captain Dave Beasant the hero of the hour after he saved a penalty . 4 . Joe 's Jets win the Superbowl When the New York Jets took on the Baltimore Colts in the 1969 Superbowl , it was the team from Baltimore that was strong favorites . The Colts had stormed the National Football League  NFL  championship , considered at the time a much stronger competition than the American Football League  AFL  , headed that year by the Jets . This news , however , seemed to have escaped Joe Namath , the Jets ' charismatic quarterback , who gave a "  guarantee " a few days earlier at a news conference in Miami -- where the Superbowl was being staged -- that his team would win . True to his predictions , the Jets came out on top with Namath taking all the plaudits  Sports Illustrated described him as a "  folk hero of the new generation "  after a blistering performance that saw his team triumph 16-7 . 5 . The Magical Magyars The legendary Hungarian national football team of the 1950s is still considered one of the greatest teams in the history of sport . Although many of its players -- most notably striker Ferenc Puskas , who eventually moved to Real Madrid -- went on to play in the West , during its heyday the majority of the team was drawn from the Honved club in Budapest . The Magyars remained unbeaten for an unprecedented 33 consecutive matches  a record that still stands today  finally losing out in the 1954 World Cup Final to Germany . This golden age of Hungarian football was brought to an abrupt end in 1956 by the events of the Hungarian Revolution . Puskas and some of his team mates opted to defect to Western Europe , and never played for their country again .	Europe 's Ryder Cup team has often beaten the U.S. despite lower profile players America 's ice hockey win against the Soviets is known as the "  Miracle on Ice " Wimbledon 's defeat of Liverpool in the FA Cup was considered a major upset New York Jets Superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback Joe Namath
CNN  -- A Texas inmate in a wheelchair , who escaped on foot from two armed guards as he was being transferred between prisons , is now on the U.S. Marshals ' list of the 15 most-wanted fugitives . Arcade Comeaux Jr. , 49 , "  produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers , took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown , Texas , " the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement . He then put the officers in the back of the van and took their weapons and one of their uniforms , the statement said . Comeaux was serving three life sentences for aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . He escaped Monday during transport from Huntsville , Texas , to Stiles , Texas . The 6-foot , 200-pound man was shackled and in a wheelchair , "  which he had claimed was needed for mobility , " Michelle Lyons , director of public information for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in Huntsville , said in a statement . About 45 minutes into the trip , as they were driving through Conroe , 40 minutes north of Houston , the prisoner pulled out a pistol and ordered the guards to drive south to Baytown , east of Houston . He fired once , but hit no one during the escape about 9 a.m. , officials said . Law enforcement officers found the unharmed officers an hour later . Comeaux was being transferred so he could be near John Sealy Hospital in Galveston for treatment of the supposed paralysis he had suffered during a reported stroke , officials said . At least $ 16,000 in reward money has been offered for information leading to Comeaux 's rearrest and a task force of more than 100 investigators is searching for him , focusing on the Houston area , where he grew up and has family . His escape has led the man who oversees Texas ' criminal justice system to call for a shakeup of the prison system . "  I just think enough 's enough , " said Sen. John Whitmire , the Texas Democrat from Houston who is chairman of the state Senate 's Criminal Justice Committee . "  We need a complete shakeup of the leadership of our prison system and/or an outside review by third parties , " he told CNN by phone Wednesday . "  We just ca n't have security breaches of this nature . " Whitmire said the guards had failed to pat down Comeaux while he was in his wheelchair and before they began the trip . "  Sure enough , he has a firearm , " he said . "  The question is , are there others  in the prison system  ? I think you have to assume that there are until you find out differently . " So far this year , more than 900 cell phones have been confiscated from the 112 locations that house the state 's 158,000 prisoners . "  It 's pretty rampant , " he said . "  I want the director to come forward and tell us what it 's going to take " to solve the problem , he said . John Moriarty , inspector general of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said such lapses are highly unusual in the state 's penal system . "  We have no open gun investigations other than this one , " he said . "  The last one was several years ago . " Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston , who has been in the job since 2005 , did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment .	Arcade Comeaux Jr. was in wheelchair when he pulled gun on officers Comeaux forced officers to drive him to Baytown , Texas , where he fled on foot State senator calls for shakeup in state 's penal system
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A pregnant British woman facing possible execution in Laos will go on trial this week , the country 's foreign affairs ministry said Monday . Samantha Orobator became pregnant in prison , according to a spokeswoman for rights group Reprieve . Samantha Orobator "  is facing death by firing squad for drug trafficking , " said Clare Algar , executive director of Reprieve , a London-based human rights group . Orobator , 20 , was arrested on August 5 , said Khenthong Nuanthasing , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman . She was alleged to have been carrying just over half a kilogram  1.1 pounds  of heroin , Reprieve lawyer Anna Morris told CNN by phone from Vientiane , the Laotian capital . "  For that amount of heroin the sentence is normally the death penalty , " she said . Orobator 's mother Jane found out in January her daughter was pregnant -- more than four months after she was arrested , her mother said . Jane Orobator heard the news from the British Foreign Office , which has been monitoring the case , the mother told CNN by phone from Dublin , where she lives . She can not believe her daughter was involved in drug trafficking , and was surprised to learn she was in Laos , she said . "  I do n't know " what she was doing there , she said . "  The last time she spoke with me , she said she was on holiday in London and she would come to see us in Dublin before returning to the U.K. in July . "  She is not the type of person who would be involved in drugs , " she added . Reprieve is worried about her health , especially given her pregnancy , Anna Morris said . "  She became pregnant in prison . We are concerned that it may not have been consensual and we are concerned that someone who finds herself in prison at 20 is subject to exploitation , " she said . She is due to give birth in September , the lawyer added . Reprieve sent Morris from London to Laos to try to help Orobator , Algar said . The lawyer arrived there on Sunday and is hoping to visit Orobator on Tuesday , her boss at Reprieve said . A British consul has also arrived in the country . "  Reprieve heard about her case two weeks ago . We had thought yesterday the trial was going to start today , " Algar said Monday . "  We have now heard from Anna that it is not going to . " "  I am the first British lawyer who has asked for access to her , " Morris said . "  She needs to have a local lawyer appointed to her . We are pressing very hard for the local authorities to appoint one . " She said it was normal in the Laotian justice system for a defendant to get a lawyer only days before a trial . The last execution in Laos was in 1990 , the foreign affairs spokesman said . British Foreign Office Minister Bill Rammell issued a statement about Orobator on Saturday . "  The British Government is opposed to the use of the death penalty in all circumstances . We have made the Laos authorities aware of this at the highest levels in Samantha 's case , " he said . "  We are paying close attention to her welfare and are in regular contact with the Laotian authorities about her case . British Embassy officials , including the Ambassador , have visited her six times since her arrest , " he said . "  In addition , Britain 's consular representatives in Laos , the Australian Embassy , including the Australian Embassy doctor , have visited Samantha 10 times on our behalf , " he said . There is no British Embassy in Laos . A British vice-consul arrived in the country this weekend , the Foreign Office said Monday . Rammell plans to raise the Orobator case with the Laotian deputy prime minister this week , he said . Samantha Orobator was born in Nigeria and moved to London with her family when she was 8 , her mother said . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Samantha Orobator facing death by firing squad for drug trafficking Official : Orabator was arrested on August 5 She became pregnant while in prison , rights group spokeswoman says The last execution in Laos was in 1990
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan and U.S. officials say the two governments held face-to-face talks in Tunisia over the weekend , but Washington says the sole point of the meeting was to repeat its demand that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi "  must go . " The disclosure came nearly four months into the bombardment of Libya by NATO allies , including the United States . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim called Saturday 's talks "  a first step , " adding , "  we welcome further steps . " "  We are ready to discuss ideas to move forward , make sure that people are not harmed any more , that this conflict comes to an end and that the damaged relationship between Libya and the  United  States and other NATO countries can be repaired , " Ibrahim said . But in Washington , a U.S. official familiar with the meeting said the purpose of the meeting was "  for us to convey directly that Gadhafi must go . " And a senior State Department official called the three-hour session in Tunis "  a one-time meeting to send a clear message , " not the start of negotiations . NATO has been bombing Libya under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from troops loyal to Gadhafi , who is battling a rebellion that has claimed control of the eastern half of the country . Libyan officials had been reaching out to Washington with increasing frequency in recent weeks with no response , said the State Department official , who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity . After Friday 's announcement that the United States would recognize the rebel movement based in Benghazi as Libya 's rightful government , the official said the Obama administration wanted to tell the Libyans face-to-face what it has been saying publicly : that Gadhafi must go . Saturday 's meeting was "  a straightforward effort to send a very clear message to the Gadhafi regime , " the official said . And after conversations with people who spoke to the Libyans afterward , the Libyans are believed to have heard and understood the U.S. position , the official said . Ibrahim said in June that Libya would not consider a peace initiative that would require Gadhafi to step down . The State Department official said talks involved three American envoys and four Libyan officials . One of the Americans was the U.S. ambassador to Libya , Gene Cretz . Cretz was recalled from Libya in December amid the disclosure of embarrassing U.S. diplomatic cables published by the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks . The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli was shuttered and American personnel evacuated by sea and air in late February , after the current revolt against Gadhafi erupted . CNN 's Ivan Watson and John King contributed to this report .	U.S. officials told Libya that Gadhafi "  must go , " an American official says A Libyan government spokesman calls the talks "  a first step " There are no details and no comment from Washington on the report Libyan rebels have denied previous reports of talks with the government
